 I do n't care too much for the holes and how it has to connect , but it works ! It does the job , so for the price , I keep purchasing it .
 I only occasionally feed my baby , and my apartment does n't have a dishwasher . I usually decide right before going out that I want to take a bottle , so this disinfects everything really quick - in 3 minutes . As opposed to boiling it in a pot of water for 20 minutes . ANd I do n't use it every days , so I do n't see the point in keeping everything sterlized cuz I would have to sterilize it again right before using .
 These bags are super quick and easy to use . I used them when steaming bottles -LRB- I even used it for bottles that were n't Medela brand -RRB- . It worked very well . The only down side to these reusable steam bags is that they do n't hold much . Just a couple of bottles with accessories . They worked well for travel though !
 I EBF and I am a fulltime working mom . So these things save me ! After pumping I clean the pieces with soap and water and through them in here for 3 mins of steam cleaning . I know they are always dissinfected and I can get back to work quickly . Given that I spend 1.5-2 hours a day pumping at work , anythig that can make it easier and faster is brilliant !
 For parents of newborns , time is a valuable commodity . This allows for quick and easy cleaning , and is something that can be traveled with without taking up the space of your home based sanitizer .
 During the sleepless nights of early motherhood , the Medela clean micro-steam bags provided me with a quick and convenient way to keep my nipple shields sanitized through the wee hours of the night .
 works really well and def gets the pump accessories clean . bought them for a friend and kept a few for myself ; - -RRB-
 I have newborn twins and bottle feed both of them . I originally bought a Philips Avent 3-in-1 sterilizer , but after one month , it turned the nipples brown , the heat tray started to rust , and it broke -LRB- it would n't turn on anymore -RRB- . The Medela Steam Sterilizer bags are quick and easy . I do n't have to worry about rinsing and drying the inside or individual parts after each use -LRB- like the Philips Avent Sterlizer requires you to do -RRB- . After each feeding , I rinse and wash each bottle -LRB- I use Dr. Brown 's and it has a lot of accessories attached to it -RRB- , toss them in the bag with 2 oz of tap water , and microwave for 1.5 mins . I then take the bottle and accessories out and put them on my drying rack . It takes less than 5 minutes , and waking up every 3 hours to feed two newborns , I need all the `` spare time '' I can get . After I take all the bottles/accessories out of the steam bag , I put it upside down in the dishwasher to dry out for the next use.These bags are also great for traveling . You do n't have to lug around the sterilizing machine . And you can always find a microwave somewhere - especially in a hotel or airport.Easy to teach others to use -LRB- like grandma and my husband -RRB- . Much more affordable than an expensive sterilizing machine -LRB- I bought the Philips Avent for $ 90 -RRB- . You get much more out of your money using these steam bags.You can clean bottles/accessories `` on demand '' instead of waiting to fill up the sterilizing machine or the dishwasher . You minimize the water bill by not using the dishwasher as much.I have more countertop space -LRB- I have very little to begin with -RRB- in the kitchen by using these bags and taking away the sterilizing machine .
 I am an exclusive pumper , so every day I pump 6x -LRB- and clean the parts every time -RRB- and also have to sterilize bottles . It was getting to be a hassle setting up a pot of boiling water every time I wanted to clean pump parts and bottle nipples !! I saw these in the stores and was a little skeptical -LRB- also thought they seemed a little pricey -RRB- but decided to give them a shot . And I was so happy I did ! A little water , two minutes in the microwave , and I have sparkling clean pump parts and bottles . A set of five bags gives you 100 times in the microwave . My son is three months old and I am still on the first set of bags that I bought ! Looking back , I feel like I definitely got my money 's worth . I would recommend this product for sure .
 I nursed my now 4-year-old daughter for almost a year and pumped daily . I hated always having to boil the pump for 20 minutes , which was also tough on the pump 's plastic parts , which would yellow until I replaced them . Now I am nursing my 3-month-old son . I was thrilled to find these micro-steam bags ! I use them not only to sterilize the pump after each use , but also for bottles . -LRB- Though I pump daily , I only occasionally use bottles , so always boiled them , too - this is sooooooo much easier ! -RRB- I am so glad they came out with this product - it just makes things a lot easier ! And it 's so inexpensive , too !
 These bags are GREAT ! My son had an extended NICU stay so I pump exclusively and have to be very careful with hygiene . With these I can quickly and easily sterilize my pump attachments , his bottles , his pacifiers or even a couple of his toys . All I do is add some water , microwave , drain and done . No boiling water , no timing , no accidentally melting things on the bottom of the pot , no hassle with complicated electronic sterilzers , and almost no storage space ! Each bag is good for around 20 uses then you toss it out and get a new one , so a package of them lasts quite a while . Very handy when traveling too , since many hotels and gas stations have microwaves so you can sterilize what you need to on the go without trying to haul a bunch of junk around with you .
 Hands down , a terrific time-saving useful item that WORKS ! The hospital threw one in w / the pump we purchased . It took a few days after being home to discover it in our goodie bag , and I wish we had on Day 1 . Improved my whole day/night !! Beforehand , I 'd stand at the sink , run the water till it got hot -LRB- thereby WASTING water -RRB- , scrub everything by hand with a soapy towel , dry everything off - what a huge hassle that took 20 mins or more !! Why struggle with something like this when there are so many other things to figure out , especially as a new mom?With these bags , just quickly rinse items to get the milk off , put your bottles , nipples , pump access . or whatever into the bag , dump in 2oz of water and nuke for 1-1/2 min or so -LRB- there is a chart on the bag to tell you how long for what wattage microwave - longest is 3 minutes -RRB- . You CA N'T mess it up ! Each bag is good for 20 uses , and there 's even a checkbox area to mark each time you 've used the bag to help you keep track . Though , I 'm guilty of sometimes using one more than 20 times , so far no problems .1 . Takes A LOT less water to clean items , helps conserve .2 . Works quickly & better than washing by hand .3 . Useful for more than pump accessories - nipples , bottles , caps , etc. 4 . Items tend to dry faster , air-dry within a minute or so .5 . Leaves you more time to do other things - -LRB- enjoy your baby -RRB- These are CHEAP !! Give them a try - if you do n't like them , no biggie - but you WILL ! -LSB- I would 've loved to have gotten these as a shower or new baby gift ! -RSB-
 Which I do n't think is a problem , but some people I 've talked to and some reviews make it seem like you can just throw the dirty pump parts in and they come out clean . Steam does n't clean , it just sterilizes . So you do have to first wash with soap and water -LRB- or Medela 's Quick Clean wipes -RRB- and then these bags are very handy for sterilizing . I use these at work because I use two sets of pump parts several times a day and while I do wash them with soap and water , I do n't do as good of a job as I would at home . By steam-sterilizing the parts once a day , I feel better at my sub-par washing and the bag folds up nicely in my pump bag to take along . A great product ... though I 'm a little curious as to what happens after 20 uses . Do they self destruct ? Will they start leaching chemicals out ? They 're just a heavy duty plastic bag and do n't seem like they 'll fall apart that fast . I wish the manufacturer said WHY not to use them more than 20 times , as I 'd be more likely to not just use one until it falls apart . ___ Edited to say that seven months later , I am still using the same bag at work which is WELL past 20 uses -LRB- probably over 100 uses -RRB- and the original bag is still holding up fine . It has no leaks , still keeps steam inside while using , and is doing great ! I do n't know if I just got a really well-manufactured one , but I 'd say you can definitely use these more than 20 uses .
 I 'm mom to a 7 month old and returned to work when she was 2.5 months old , so I 've been pumping 3 times a day at work for 4.5 months now and plan to continue pumping during my work day until she 's a year old . She nurses when we 're together , but it 's still going to add up to a LOT of pumping sessions and cleaning of pump parts.I have a Medela Freestyle pump and between sessions I use theMedela Quickclean Wipes - 24-pkon my pump parts to save time . At the end of the day when I get home I wash the pump parts with hot soapy water and then steam sanitize them in these wonderful bags . I switch to a new one after 15-20 uses when the plastic seems to start to get really brittle . I 've also occasionally used the bags to sanitize pacifiers.These bags are a good value for the money and are so quick and easy to use , I recommend them for every breastfeeding working mom .
 These bags are great to quickly clean breast pump parts ... but after having problems with one of my pump membranes -LRB- which has been from the beginning so I think it 's a manufacturing issue -RRB- and breast shields that warped -LRB- which I swear happened the ONE time I put them in the dishwasher -RRB- I called Medela customer service and they told me not to use the bags every time to clean pump parts because that would add to the wear and tear of them , and to just wash parts in warm soapy water . So now I 'm left wondering when to use these great bags ... maybe once a week ? Not sure ... I 've also put bottle nipples in but find you really have to use a nipple brush on them first or else you just get caked on milk ... and if I 'm going to go to that trouble , I might as well just wash everything by hand .
 We were given a few of these bags at the hospital to try and they are fantastic !!! So easy to use and everything dries really fast . All you have to do is wash the pumping/bottle parts in hot soapy water , rinse and put in bag , add 2oz water , seal bag and put in microwave for 2 mins , then put sterilized items out to dry.Each bag can be used 20 times and there 's space to mark off each use on the bag . You can fit a lot in each bag too . The only down side is the continued cost . We ended up buying an Avent Microwave Sterilizer to save money , but it 's definitely not as good as these bags . Not sure why as I would have thought a sterilizer is a sterilizer , but for some reason the parts dry quicker using the Medela micro-steam bags . If we were n't trying to save money I would definitely use these over the Avent sterilizer .
 Having purchased and used these bags , most of the negative reviews come from people not reading the directions and understanding the intended use of these bags . They are intended for sterilizing after washing -LRB- which removes milk or dirt , etc. itself -RRB- . It 's not for skipping washing . Always use at least 2oz water or what you put in there will melt . Know how much power you microwave puts out or you risk not sterilizing or melting what you put in there.I love these bags . I was boiling water , which got wasteful really quickly . These are super easy to use , a basic , essential product for my family .
 These bags are great for quickly and easily cleaning breast pump parts . The bags are good for 20 uses and only require a small amount of water and 3 minutes in the microwave . I usually use these bags for clean the breast pump parts , but they can be used for bottles , nipples , etc. . Also , a great product to clean/sterilize baby products when traveling .
 I really liked these bags
 these bags are the best . sterilize BF pumping part in minutes . definitely recommend . i havent tried other brand but havent had to because these work great
 I love , love these bags . I used them for my last two babies and they are so convenient . No more boiling large pots of water that leave bad icky water residue all over the bottles . I have moderate hard water and boiling water just always left a film on the pump parts . I use just 2 ounces of water mill water and the items come out sanitized and dry quickly because of the heat . I even used them more than 20 uses because the bags were still fine . A must buy for a busy mom . 3 minutes to sanitized bottle !
 When you 're at home , save this bag by using just a pirex bakeware thing with clear lid . Wash your pieces and then put them in the pirex with about 3 oz of water , cover , microwave for 1:30 -2:00 -LRB- until you see steam ! -RRB- . You can do the same with other bottle parts instead of wasting time and water boiling.When at work , use this bag ! It 's quick and effective !
 With my daughter , I exclusively pumped and these steam bags saved me ! Now , even with exclusively breastfeeding my son , I still pump occasionally and had to have these bags again . Easy to use , and you get close to 20 uses out of each bag . If you read , you can also use the bags to sterilize pacifiers and other things .
 With twenty uses per bag , these are great space savers , and economical . We use them all the time . Highly recommend !
 I purchased this as a gift for a baby shower . The mother-to-be was delighted to receive this item and several new mothers said this was a useful item , especially for working mothers who do n't have much time available . The items arrived in excellent condition due to careful packaging by the company .
 I used these bags with my first a child and am back to buy more now that I 'm pumping again for our second . These get bottles and nipples and pump parts so much cleaner than the dishwasher or hand washing , and in just a few minutes . I got more than 20 uses out of each bag too , so they are definitely worth the $ $ . I would still recommend at least rinsing the bottles and pump parts in soapy water before using these bags though , just to get the milk residue off first .
 These definitely do their job ! I use them more than the 20 times indicated and I do n't think that 's a problem . Just be careful of the steam when you open it and be sure to use tongs to take out the items - do n't reach in !
 These take the long , tedious process out of sterilizing . 2 oz of water , 1.5 minutes and you 're good to go ! The bags hold a decent amount of stuff and work for more than just bottle and pump parts .
 I use these once a week and they are a huge time saver . I sterilize all my pump parts as well as all of my daughter 's bottles , nipples , and pacifiers . So much quicker than boiling !
 I use these handy steam bags every day ! Each bag can be used 20 times . I will buy these again !
 These work very well , they are quick and easy . Only downfall is your items turn colors but I do n't believe it affects the function of the item . I 'd recommend them to a friend !
 Very convenient - takes only couple of minutes to sterilize bottles and parts.The only thing confuses me , it says use only for 20 times on the bag , but so far I 've been using the first bag for over the month and it does n't seem to have any problems . So , not sure why they would say it .
 These steam clean bags are very easy to use and practical for busy moms at home , work , or just on the go . If you have access to water and a microwave , you can easily use these just about anywhere . After using the bags , my pump parts/bottles/pacifiers are squeaky clean and I do n't have to deal with a lot of clean up . My only gripe is that I wish the bags could accommodate more items per use . I usually have to use the bag two separate times after pumping ; once to clean the breast shields , valves and membranes and again to clean the bottles , lids and/or nipples , so as not to overload the bag . Otherwise , I love this product and am so glad a friend recommended them to me !
 I am very , very pleased with the Medela products I 've used . The MicroSteam bags are great for sterilizing . I do n't need to completely wash & boil all my breast pump parts each time , since I can steam clean immediately after a rinse . -LRB- Then I just dishwash all bottle parts every few uses - major timesaver over boiling parts every single time , especially for a working mom ! -RRB- Yes , the bags can only be used 20 times each , but they 're really inexpensive , but they 're not cheaply made . The bags travel easily to the office in a pumping bag/backpack , making at work pumping & cleanup quick & simple .
 IT 'S THE BEST THING EVER.YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BOIL WATER IN SAUCEPANS AND LOSE PRECIOUS TIME.IT 'S REALLY QUICK AND SAFE.THANK YOU FOR SAVING OUR VALUABLE TIME.SOFIA GREECE .
 With these bags I can have a single set of pump parts and still pump 3 times a day at work . I just rinse the parts , throw them in the bag , and microwave for 90 seconds -LRB- in 1200 watt microwave -RRB- and they 're ready to go for the next session . It 's so much easier than having to boil them in a big pot of water and the parts do n't get cloudy either . My daughter is 9 months old now -LRB- I 've been pumping for 7 months -RRB- and has n't had a single stomach problem yet , which leads me to believe this system is very effective at killing germs .
 I am a mother of one year old twins and I could n't have made it through the past year without these bags ! My babies were 8 weeks early so I decided to use a breast pump to keep up with the demand . I thought hand washing my pump parts would clean them , but ended up getting a bacterial infection . Believe me ... you want to sterilize your pump parts . I also used these bags to sterilize the babies ' bottles , nipples & rings . I do n't suggest putting pacifiers or teething rings in the bags since they tend to pop -LRB- I got carried away sterilizing -RRB- . FANTASTIC product !!!
 This is the best invention for sterilizing baby feeding supplies . it saves more time than waiting for the water to boil . I just add a little water to the bag and the baby bottles etc , pop in the microwave according to manufacturer instructions and done . I would recommend this product for busy moms .
 This product saves time and for people that hygiene freak ... this is a good one . Wash yor baby bottle ... dry them and sterilise as needed.also I take to work to sterilise my pump and bottle before pumping with the parts since it is just few minutes
 These are just awesome ! Made by Medela , this is a plastic bag that can be used 20 times to sterilize breast pump parts , nuks/pacifiers , baby bottles - anything and everything . The instructions for everything are written on the side of the bag , so you never have to remember the amount of water or what you can or can not put in the bag . After you fill it up , zip lock it and zap it in the microwave for 1-3 mins -LRB- I do max time of 3 mins -RRB- and voila you have sterile stuff!I first saw these in our pediatric hospital and we give them to our moms for breast pump parts , bottles , etc and they work great . After I saw them there , I bought some for myself . You definitely get the bang for your buck . These are also helpful for me when I pump at work because instead of worrying about soap and water like I do at home , I quick hand wash the parts and run them in the microwave really fast and I 'm not concerned about using them again -LRB- I work 12 hour shifts , so I pump at work more than once -RRB- . These are great , can not say enough good things about them . And most importantly , they are cheap , quick and easy !
 I purchased these instead of a sterilizer because I did n't want another item cluttering up my counterspace . Well , it takes 2 uses to sterilize all of my pump accessories and bottles and you can only use the bags 20 times . I ended up buying a sterilizer anyways for the sake of efficiency -LRB- it fits everything at once -RRB- but use the bags I have for when we travel . Most hotels have a microwave so I just put these in my pump bag and off we go . Had they made this bag a little bigger to fit all items in a single use , I would have probably kept using these on a daily basis .
 I like these bags-I bought them because my daughter and I are fighting off thrush and they are quick and easy . However , last night when I was pumping , I noticed that let down was not happening really quick as it usually does . I realized that using these bags had caused my pump parts to warp and the suction was not working correctly . Luckily , I had some new parts handy . So , use with caution on pump parts . My microwave is old-I do n't know if that makes a difference .
 These are great and I would have given 5 stars except that they are a little to tall for my microwave . I am breastfeeding so do n't have to use them very often , which makes the price even better .
 I absolutely love this product . I am returning to work and these are convienent in helping to sanitize them . There are atlease 20 uses out of them . I 'm getting one for a friend who recently had a baby .
 These bags are so convinient for me ! Rather than boil your bottles and pump parts each time you just throw 2 oz of water in the bag with the parts for 90sec . and they are sterilized . These save lost of time and water too . Especially coming home from a long day at to have to clean all these for the next day !
 This is a great way to sterilize everything for my baby . I received one of these bags while I was in the hospital with my newborn and fell in love with the bag instantly . They are quick and easy to use , so much easier than boiling bottles or other items . You ca n't go wrong with 100 times sterilizing for just over $ 5 . Perfect product at a great price !
 I only had to use these bags once and I was sold
 My friend gave me these bags and I can not say how great they have been for me . I do clean the pump parts every time and also sterilize them and this has allowed to do just that at work without any problems . My pump is not Medela but the parts fit really great in there . The parts come out as if I was using my big sterilizer at home . I can not recommend it more !!
 These Quick Clean bags can be used and reused . They are excellent for sterilizing breastmilk pumping supplies easily and on the go , like at work . Also , I live in a pretty small space and do n't have the room for other products for sterilization . I love this ! Do be careful with it though . The steam spout has sufficient warnings , but I did end up giving myself a first degree burn with the steam . Use pot holders when taking this out of the microwave !
 Definitely a plus when baby is very young and demands around the clock attention.I was a nursing / working mom , I used a pump and so I had a lot of washing up and sterilizing to do.These bags were very convenient ; saved a lot of times from boiling water etc. . . really convenient when you are always tired and sleepy , and the little guy is all over you.When my little guy started sleeping through the night and I was `` normal '' again . We turned to the more time consuming but less energy consuming sterilizing.Definitely very convenient to have for working/nursing moms .
 My son and I developed thrush -LRB- yeast infection -RRB- , due to a large dose of antibiotics I was given after surgery . I got the thrush and due to breastfeeding , and I passed it onto my son , who got it in his mouth . It is hard to get rid of thrush , a fungus , because it survives almost everything ! These Medela steam bags killed the fungus , and helped us break the cycle of passing it back and forth . I put my breast pump parts , pacifiers , and bottles components in the bag and killed everything ! I used three bags at a time , I washed everything in the sink , filled one bag , put it in the microwave and filled another , then put it in the microwave after I took the first bag out and then filled the third bag while the second was in the microwave and the first was cooling down , it was a great system . We got rid of the thrush and my son 's pediatrician said that under normal circumstances boiling and sterilizing are not necessary , so I discontinued to use the bags , but once in a while I throw his pacifiers in the bag and nuke the germs !
 These bags are everything they claim to be -- extremely convenient and very effective . I consider them a `` must-have '' item . I 've been pumping twice a day at work for 5 + months and these make it so much easier , not having to scrub all the parts when I 'm done -- just rinse , put them in the bag with the required amount of water , microwave for 3 minutes , pour out the water , and it 's all ready for the next use . I can leave my pump and parts at work all week , and then just bring it all home on weekends to hand-wash everything . The bags last a long time , too ; I 've been able to get 20 uses out of each bag , just like they say . My only very minor complaint -LRB- actually not so much a complaint , more like a detail to watch out for -RRB- is that the steam vent/pour spout is just big enough for a valve membrane to fit through . I found this out when I shook the bag a little to get the excess water out , and a membrane slipped out and landed in the sink , so I had to clean it all over again . But like I said , this is minor compared to the time-saving convenience of this product .
 These are a must-have for any new mom . I just found these , and am using them for breast pump accessories , bottles , and pacifiers for my 4th child . I only wish I had these for my first 3 kids ! They make cleaning and sterilizing a breeze-just rinse the stuff off , put it in the bag , and pop it in the microwave for a couple of minutes . Everything comes out sterilized and ready to use . No more washing and boiling ! You can use each bag 20 times , so one package of 5 bags lasts awhile . I keep some at home , one at work , and one at the sitter 's house . I reccommend them to everyone I know who is having a baby or has small children .
 These are so convenient and make sanitizing my Medela parts as well as assorted bottles , pacifiers , etc. super quick and easy .
 Product came quickly ! Great product - makes pump clean up a snap ! Good deal . Use product daily , pump at work and the microwaveable bags ensure I keep my pump clean fast and efficiently !
 Great , so simple and easy to clean pacifiers , bottles , pump pieces , etc. . Do n't know what I would do without these , especially if you are breastfeeding and pumping !
 These work as described , have a space to mark with sharpie your uses , and I use them not only to sterilize but to store the pump parts in the fridge at work since there isnt really a place to clean them , just rinse . I rinse them , store in fridge in bag , and then carry home to wash and sterilize . They should be cheaper , but they do work very well .
 I just wish I had known about these bags sooner ! I love how easy it is to sterilize baby items with these bags . If I could change one thing , I 'd request that they also carried a larger sized version of these quick clean micro-steam bags for larger baby bottles and other baby items .
 These steam-clean bags are awesome . Add an ounce -LRB- or two ? -RRB- of water and 3 minutes in the microwave and you have freshly sterilized pacifiers , pump parts , bottle parts , etc. . Each bag can be used 20x . I never bought one of those countertop sterilizers , but I feel like this HAS to be 500 times easier . And they 're a great deal . Must have item !
 I purchased these to use for sterilization for my Dr Browns bottles and all of the accessories . I was worried the bags would be too small for them but they 're large bags - the 8oz bottles and accessories fit perfectly . I only wash a few at a time but you get 20 uses per bag so they 're perfect . I like that I can sterilize everything w/o using chemicals . I have had no problems with the bags opening or breaking . I 'd definitely recommend !
 I exclusively pump so my gear gets heavy use . These bags are easy to use . Make sure you verify your microwave wattage and use as directed . I would not recommend using this product to sterilize your tubing even though there are instructions for how to do so . Tubing is not expensive , it is wise to have some extra anyway , and if you sterilize them in these bags they can cook easily if you are not careful .
 I thought sterilizing would be impossible at work , but thanks to these bags I am able too . I also think these are very reasonably priced .
 I wish I had gotten this earlier!It 's so easy to use and safes time , water and useless work .
 I bought these after much deliberation for use pumping with baby # 2 . I honestly do n't know now how I pumped for a year without these . I finally decided to buy this product when a reviewer said she had used them * more * than the reccomended 20 uses without any apparent problems - I have had the same experience . I am NOT of the opinion that pump parts and bottles need to be sterilized after each use - this is only true for specific situations -LRB- premature or otherwise immunocompromised babies -RRB- , otherwise healthy infants should be fine with equipment that is cleaned normally . However , I am an ICU nurse , and while I am not a germophobe , there are some potentially nasty pathogens at work and I wanted to minimize baby 's exposure to that . Also , I have an extra set of pump parts that I leave at work to minimize stuff that I have to cart back & forth and these bags serve as a great way to keep everything together . So far I have used just 2 bags - one for home and one for work . I 'm not sure how many uses each has had , but definitley more than 20 each , without any apparent deficit . I do n't routinely put bottles in to sterilize but sometimes throw in a 4oz bottle & have plenty of room for everything . After using them for awhile I did notice that the instructions on the bag say not to use with SoftFit breastshields ... oops . One of my sets of breastshields are SoftFits , and I have been sterilizing them regularly , but so far have n't noticed any changes or problems so I will continue to do this despite what the instructions say . All in all a great product .
 These things are great . Had them for baby # 1 and will definitely use them again with baby # 2 .
 for a breastfeeding mom who only uses a bottle now and then for feeding and breast pumping , the medela steam bag is a very easy product to use for steam cleaning baby 's bottles and other breast pump items . . highly recommended !!
 I love these microwave bags ! They are such a time saver and just make life a little easier when you have to clean pump parts or bottles.All you do it put your pump parts or bottle parts in the bag , add a few ounces of water , microwave for a few minutes , dump the water and everything is sterilized!Each bag can be used 20 times before you are supposed to get rid of it . While these bags are not a necessity , they are a nice convenience item to have around .
 I love these bags ! I 'm an occasional pumper , and these bags have come so in handy . They 're great for those times when the dish fairy did n't come , and you need clean pump parts in a pinch . And they 're a really great value since the bags are reusuable . I would recommend getting a box of these to anybody who plans on pumping , whether it be full time or on occasion .
 I pump in addition to breastfeeding to store milk . We used to just use our dishwasher to sanitize all the pumping parts . Sometimes though I did n't want to run the dishwasher because it was n't full and I would end up handwashing the pump parts.While you should still wash you pump parts with warm soap and water , this product makes it very easy to sterilize them . 3 minutes in the microwave and voila!You can use every bag 20 times and there are little boxes on the back that you can mark each time you use them so you do n't forget . I was worried about that when I bought the product . Imagine me , a sleep-deprived mother , forgetting something ?? Cheap and easy to use - I love it !
 These bags are super convenient and easy to use . When my son was born I was a super uptight new mom and wanted to sterilize his things frequently this was much easier than boiling water etc. . I still use these for new teethers and new sippy cups .
 A must for the pumping Mom ! These bags are the only thing that make pumping at work feasible ... with a bit of water in the bag with the parts and 3 minutes in the microwave , your pump parts are clean and ready to use again ! Wish I had invented them !
 When I found out I had thrush , I was advised to sterilize my pump parts once per day . I ca n't even imagine having to boil everything on the stove - my kitchen would constantly have clutter everywhere . The steam bags are great , very convenient , no cleanup.A nice feature is the 20 checkboxes on the back of the bag so that you can keep track of the number of times you 've used the bag . That way you actually get 20 uses instead of throwing the bag out early `` just in case . `` If you pay $ 6 for a box of 5 bags , that gets you 100 uses , and it works out to 6 cents per use . What a no brainer , it is definitely worth 6 cents to me each time I do n't have to drag out a pot and boil everything on the stove .
 This is perfect for moms who need to pump at work . It 's so convenient and allows you to somewhat discreetly disinfect your pump parts + bottles . The only thing I think is funny about the product is that everyone at work asks me what I 'm heating up in the micro-wave ! ; o -RRB-
 this product is great for fast cleaning especially while i am at work ! i just rinse the breast pump parts and place them in the bag with a couple ounces of water and microwave for 3 mins and thats it ! great product !
 I have used these with both of my kids and they 're great . No complaints , good value for the money , I will always have a stash on hand ! If anything I wish the bags were bigger and could hold more at once .
 I love these so much that I give one to any new mothers I know from work or my personal life . These saved my time and sanity in the first few months of my newborn 's life .
 This is great for cleaning breast pump parts quickly ... As a new Mom , my time is seriously limited , so I love this product . My microwave is small so I close the bag and then fold the top over before placing it in the microwave . The plastic microwave sterilizers by other brands may not fit in small microwaves . Hard plastic sterilizers may also take up more space than this product .
 Great product . My daughter loves them it is quick and easy . They were delivered the next day . Great service . Tanq you!VC , Chicago
 These bags were a lifesaver , especially if you are pumping a lot . This made clean up so much easier , and I felt better knowing the equipment was getting sanitized . Very easy to use and definitely makes clean up so much quicker then handwashing all of the pump parts .
 At first I thought these were a waste of money ... until I used them . They make life so easy , and after having a baby that is exactly what you want . These are great for sanitizing pump parts , pacifiers etc. . I love them and ca n't live without them ! Also it makes pumping at work easier and discreat .
 These bags are so helpful to sterilize pacifiers , tubing for breastpumps , Take-N-Toss spoons , pretty much anything baby needs ! I use these bags everyday for everything ... even some of our stuff ! Great product !
 I really like these bags a lot . When I first saw them I wondered how well they would work . Since I am always looking for products to simplify my life , I decided to give them a try . I am not sorry I did . I love these . All you have to do is add a few ounces of water and zap them in the microwave . I clean all of my breastpump parts and bottles in a snap . I really like the fact that each bag can be used up to twenty times which makes them really cost efficient . There is even a spot on the bag where you can write your baby 's name and there are twenty boxes that you can check off so that you are aware of how many times you have used the bag . I always keep these handy .
 I got these bags initially as a gift during my baby shower . They save me so much time when I clean my pump accessories . I buy them at Target for $ 4.99 a box . Definitely cheaper than what I 've seen on-line . I have not had any problems with warping . The only thing is that it says to use 4 oz for the tubing and that the tubing should be fully covered with water , but 4 oz does not cover the tubing fully . So , my tubing often gets these melted spots from sticking to the yellow tip . I think that is a tubing problem and not really a problem with the bag .
 I just bought one box of these and I still have n't finished using it . Each bag can be used 20 times.My husband was a clean freak when it comes to sanitizing all the baby stuff and he did n't trust these bags . He would take 30 minutes every day scrubbing and cleaning by hand and then putting it into the dishwasher . Once it was all dried he would check again to make sure it passed his clean test ! It was painful just to watch him put in all that work.So when he was n't looking I would rinse off the breast shields with some soap to wipe off the oily milk residue and then plop them into the bags to sanitize . After 3 minutes , everything was clean and sanitized . And he could n't even tell the difference!And be really careful opening this bag after the 3 minutes , the steam is really hot and ready to fly out . I always wear my dishwashing gloves when I open it to prevent burns.I 've also put in a couple of toys and binkies into these bags and it works great too ! Just avoid putting in the Medela tubings . You can read my Amazon review on Medela tubings if you need more info .
 Living in a house with an infant and no dishwasher is no picnic , I can assure you . At first , my husband was making himself crazy boiling bottles when we ran out and could n't get to my parents ' to retrieve the ones we 'd sent to be run through their dishwasher . When I decided to start pumping exclusively , it only made the whole thing seem more daunting . When I found this product , I was absolutely thrilled.I 've gone through two and a half bags already and I have to say that this is a very convenient product . I still do handwash all of my bottles and pump parts first before putting them in the bag , so that aspect of it is a drag . However , the bags work beautifully and we no longer have to go through the trouble of boiling everything and/or farming them out to my parents ' dishwasher . Now we can clean and sterilize all bottles , pacifiers , etc. right in our home . I 'll be glad once we move to a place with a dishwasher but these bags will still come in handy for sterilizing my pump parts and for sterilizing bottles and things in between dishwasher cycles . The bags will also be handy for use when we 're traveling .
 Yep , I was boiling water and waiting forever to get everything done , plus trying to keep an eye on the baby and an eye on the stove . One of my friends told me about it and I do n't regret it . - Saves time - Can be used for pacifiers as wellWith so many things to take care of , I found these bags convenient and time saver . Worth buying.One edit - I also used these bags to sterilize baby bottles - I have been using the Born Free bottles - since I am breastfeeding I do n't use the bottles as often , so this could be a better alternative than some pricey sterilizers out there , but again it depends how often you use the bottles .
 The micro-steam bags are wonderful . I use them at work and when travelling and they make cleaning/sterilizing so much easier and faster . I use them on my pump parts , bottles , nipples , pacifiers ... anything that can be microwaved . Definitely worth the very small price .
 We use these bags in addition to the washing , and not as a replacement . They are effective and easy way to get the breast pump accessories and bottles sterilized , and work for the most of the ones that we use . However , they do n't seem to be good for the breast pump tubes , despite what the instructions say . We discovered this the hard way when we nearly melted a pair of those tubes , and had to order the new ones . For the most part you do n't really need to sterilize the tubes , but we wanted to be on the safe side . It could be that we did n't do everything quite according to the instructions , but these should be overall very easy to follow in my opinion . Overall , though , we have been fairly satisfied with these bags .
 I used this the whole time I pumped at work . I did not wash the parts with soap . I rinsed and then used this and reused the pieces . I only soaped at home . Everything was fine , we did not have any problems . These are cheap and easy to store , carry , and use .
 These were exactly as expected . I ordered them as back ups for the ones that came with the pump . I did not give 5the stars because there was nothing extraordinary about this purchase . The company did exactly as promised - nothing more , nothing less . I will not hesitate to buy from them in the future .
 I love these bags ! I use them to sterilize baby bottles and pump equipment . I also throw our nuk pacifiers in there . Each bag is good for 20 uses -LRB- but really ... I dont think anything too horrible would happen if you used them 21 or 22 times ;-RRB- , so the box of 5 can last awhile . Makes sterilizing easy and convenient , so its well worth the money to me .
 We purchased this product for our daughter who is expecting ... the product comes highly recommended in the sources we checked so anticipate it will work well .
 This made cleaning my baby 's bottles and my pump very fast and easy . Being a very busy new mom thats great
 I was n't sure whether or not to buy a sterilizer . Our Pediatrician said they are n't necessary . This is a great option . I can sterilize every few uses and the bags will last until we do n't need then anymore so I saved a ton buying these instead of a expensive electric sterilizer . Even way cheaper than a microwave one . Very happy .
 I used to sterilize LO 's bottle by boiling hot water in a pan and inserting all the bottles . . It seemed like the perfect way . . But then I came across these and decided to give it a try . . Its perfect ... I still sterilize them the old fashioned way once a month , but these are super fast and easy . . Great product .
 These bags are a must have . Especially in the beginning and if you are breastfeeding , rinse the pump/bottle parts off , toss them in with 2oz of water , pop them in the microwave for 2mins and bam , sterilized . I still use them now and again even though my son is 10 months old . Paci 's , small toys , bottle parts still fit in these bags . I have one in the diaper bag so that if we are on the road or at someones house I can use the bag .
 These sterilizing bags are a must for any parent having to clean baby bottles on the go or pump parts ! I can put in three small Dr. Brown 's bottles or two full size Dr. Brown 's bottles at a time -LRB- plus some pacies -RRB- . The closing snap part is very easy to use . I tried using the Dr. Brown 's bags also but they do n't hold as much and the closing snap part is difficult to close . If I had a choice of the two bags - hands down the Medela one is better . I also used it to clean my pump parts !
 I got these because I was battling breastfeeding thrush and had to sterilize everything everyday . Very time consuming with twins so my lactation consultant gave me one of these Medela bags and it works like a charm . You can use each bag up to 20 times and you can fit a good amount in the bag so it lasts a long time . Great for sterilizing pacifiers too , only takes 3 minutes . I highly recommend !!!
 I like this product . I take them to work with me to use in between pumpings . I do n't have time to scrub all of the parts each time i pump at work . So this makes me feel better know the parts are clean . Target was out of them , so i bought them on amazon and got them a couple of days later .
 These sanitizer bags are a wonderful invention ! Though they are primarily marketed for breast pump parts , they work for bottles , pacifiers , small toys , etc. , anything for baby that needs to be germ free . Just 2 oz of water and 1.5 minutes in the microwave and everything is sterile ! What a wonderful time saver for a new mom . We normally only run our dishwasher every other day , when it 's full , and boiling water takes up valuable time , so these steamer bags get a lot of use throughout the day to sanitize baby 's items . Each bag is good up to 20 uses , so I really feel I 'm getting my money 's worth out of them .
 I must say that I was not up for trying these out at first . I was just going to `` hand wash and save my money '' pshhh yeah right . Once I had my baby I had no time to hand wash anything . I use the dishwasher now ! Needless to say I went and purchased these from target because I needed something right away to sterilize my breast pump to use it because I do n't put my baby 's things in the dishwasher . I have two different branded double breast electric pumps ; Evenflo and playtex and i can fit all the parts per breastpump per bag at one time and in 3 minutes they are hot and steaming clean ready to use !! The easiest best money ever spent !!! you get 20 uses out of each bag and that is a good deal for the price because the pack comes in 5 . that is a 100 times to sterilize ... YAY !!
 I bought 3 packages of Dr. Brown 's -LRB- through AMAZON.COM -RRB- standard size nipples and I received 2 standard and 1 wide . They shipped the wrong item to me . I returned the wide to the address in Calabasas , California and have not received and feedback that they received it or any refund for the product as well as the postage to send the wrong item back to RIGHT START . I enjoy using this product for my child because it is the only one that works for him . Since my purchase , I still have not received anything except this email from AMAZON.COM . I rate the product 5 stars but the service 1 star .
 I had looked for these Dr. Brown 's natural flow nipples everywhere . I was so happy to find them here on Amazon . Very pleased with this purchase .
 I have long been a fan of Dr Browns . We purchased these nipples for feeding our baby formula with rice cereal . He has reflux so he has to have the formula thickened with the cereal . Ihad a hard time choosing between these and the Y cut nipples . I had used the Y cut nipples in the past for our son who was a preemie and had to have his formula mixed with alot of rice cereal . I was afraid Y cut nipples would flow too fast with only a small amount of cereal added . The nipples work perfect . They are also more durable than the Y cut nipples , which do break easily . Also , these are the best bottles for colic and gas .
 I bought this nipple from a target local store for my 9-month-old son , it has been working great for him , and I decided to buy another set . This one really helped him eat fast and eat more .
 These nipples are wonderful and fit any standard size bottle . They were perfect for my baby girl when she got about 5-6 months when she needed a faster flow and also work well for thicker drinks -LRB- for example , if you 're adding a little rice cereal to the milk -RRB- . They 're well made , and a good price . Dont waste your money on generic standard nipples , you 'll get your moneys worth for these . I also like that if you look closely at the bottom of the nipple , each one has the flow level marked , so you know which one you 're using ... like I said you 'd def . want this for thicker liquids , However , you 'll want Dr.Brown 's Y cut for older babies that are drinking very thick liquids , like smoothies .
 I have been extremely happy with the Dr Browns products , this one included . It 's made to use with the Dr. Browns bottles and fits fine . They also work with other standard bottles . No leaking . I moved my baby to this size at 9 months . He breastfeeds and takes a bottle at daycare . No issues going back and forth . I purchased the level two nipples after he started collapsing the level 1 nipples in an attempt to get the milk out and we have since moved on to Level 3 . He 's adjusted to the faster flow just fine . I was concerned he would prefer the bottle to breastfeeding with the faster flow but that has n't been the case . Another great product !
 I started using these when my son was taking too long to finish his bottle . Since then he 's been able to guzzle down the bottle within a few minutes .
 as with all dr brown 's products this is no exception , just perfect for your baby needs . You ca n't go wrong with dr brown 's .
 Our 7-week-old breastfed baby could not seem to figure out how to get pumped breastmilk out of a bottle until we tried these . I do n't know if it is because of the shape of the Dr. Brown 's or if it is because the material they are made of is more pliable , but somehow these nipples made the difference . You do n't have to use them with a Dr. Brown 's bottle ; they will fit into Evenflo standard glass bottles , or probably other types of standard bottles as well .
 These nipples have been perfect for my twin babies . We use the level 3 for milk and formula . We also use it for juice , but it does not handle well the more dense juices . For those I recommend the `` Y '' nipple .
 When the doc told us to put cereal in his bottle , we could n't have lived without the level 3 's . They are the only one with a hole big enough to get the thicker liquid through .
 Absolultey love Dr. Brown products , but would never pay $ 9.99 for a 3 pack of nipples ! You can buy them for less than 3.00 at your local Store !
 We have several types of bottles , but I really only like using the Dr. Brown ones . Seem to work well for my son . The cleanup really is n't that bad . Someone gave it one star because they had to clean extra parts ... boo hoo . I 'd rather have my son using a quality product and sacrifice the extra 15 seconds it takes to clean up . That 's my cross to bear I guess ... lol . Plus I call them Doc Brown bottles and say `` Great Scott ! '' a lot ... so my love of Back to the Future could make me biased .
 The only reason I gave this nipple a 4 instead of a 5 is because it would likely be too fast of a flow for a breast feeding baby . It drips quite fast just by turning it upside down , which is great for cleft palate , but not so good for the average baby with normal sucking power . My son with Cleft Palate started off using a Haberman nipple , but after he became more skilled at getting milk out of the Haberman and handling a faster flow , the Doctor Brown level 2 seemed to work as efficiently . Being a soft nipple , with a fast flow , my son with a cleft palate is still able to get milk using these nipples . From 2-3 months he used the level 2 nipple , and then at 3 months the level 2 and the medium flow of the Haberman were too slow for him . The level 3 seems to work well enough that I do n't need to buy any more Haberman special needs feeders . It 's nice to have something that costs less than the Haberman as an option . It is also nice to not have to worry about changing the flow by rotating the bottle when feeding at night or letting someone else attempt to feed him . Though I know every child with a cleft is different , I 'm glad that this has worked for my son .
 Love Dr. Browns bottles and love Dr. Browns nipples . With our first daughter , we had a generic brand of bottles , with our 2nd daughter we purchased Dr. Browns and she has had a lot less gas and eats better .
 My baby has been using this since she turned 6 months . She is now almost 8 months . I have n't tried any other nipples so I do n't have anything to compare this to but all of the Dr. Brown 's nipples have worked great so far !
 I love that there are different levels to the nipples . It tells you about how old your child should be when using a particular nipple . I have to say that for my child , it has been pretty close to perfect . I love Dr. Brown products .
 The diapers are great , but the prices are bad . I used to buy them for $ 7.49 and then all of sudden the price changed . I have been checking the site everyday and for over a year the price only dropped to $ 7.49 two times ! It 's cheaper to buy the diapers at the stores with coupons . For a site that 's supposed to offer good prices they do n't . Amazon also raised the prices of Huggies supereme as well . I hope they decrease the price soon and keep it there . Otherwise They have lost my business all together .
 I started purchasing these online when my son was newborn . Excellent when the price was $ 7.49 however , now this is not a bargain at all . I have purchased the `` box '' of Pampers Cruisers size 4 -LRB- 76 diapers -RRB- for $ 18.99 - more diapers , less expensive especially when you use their 15 % off coupon + the manufacturers coupon . Honestly ca n't say I have had any issue with the shipping - always comes within 2-3 days of order . PLEASE GO BACK TO THE BARGAIN PRICING !!! - Jacobs Mom
 I have never had any problems with these diapers and they fit wonderfully.Whoever said that these take forever to ship is a big liar ! I order them , they ship either the same or next day , and they arrive in just a couple days . It 's not like being able to run to the grocery store and get them but it 's cheap , no tax , and free shipping . What could be better ???
 Thank you even more for making them eligible for super saver shipping . In my case you made a good deal . I will always need to shop for diapers , and once I 'm here , I always end up buying more stuff for my son.How clever of you to make me a constant customer .
 Diapers may be a personal choice for parents and their kids , but these Pampers Cruisers -LRB- formerly called Pampers Premium -RRB- have been wonderful for my first two children and our third will use them too . What is WONDERFUL is Amazon selling these and delivering them free with no sales tax . If I go to Sam 's Club and buy them wholesale , the big box -LRB- equivalent to four of these Jumbo packs -RRB- is $ 28 + some change here in the Dallas area . You also pay sales tax and factor in the time you spend waiting in line and in the parking lot , etc. . I just ordered four packs of these jumbos three days ago , and they arrived already , free of shipping , free of sales tax , and at $ 7.49 per pack I still spent less than I would have at Sam 's . I 'll DEFINITELY continue to take advantage of this if they continue to offer the diapers at $ 7.49 or less .
 These were a great deal at $ 7.49 a pack . Now , it 's cheaper at Costco and even Target -LRB- esp . with a coupon -RRB- . And no waiting for the slow free shipping . That said , these are great diapers . They move with your toddler , never leak , and hold an amazing amount of liquid . Only wish Amazon would go back to the best pricing . It 's not worth it to pay $ 10.49 .
 They keep the baby totally dry and do n't sag , leak or shift . Would never use anything else .
 SHAME ON YOU AMAZON !!! You are loosing customers ! Local drug stores are cheaper than the $ 10 + pricing . Go back to $ 7.49 and I will keep buying 5 packs at a time . Cruisers are by far the best diapers available hands down !!!!!!
 Cruisers are by far the best diaper out their right now , they are far superior to any type of Huggues which have always leaked , the tabs do n't stay velcroed , and they run small . Mydaughter is now 14 months old and we 've been using them exclusively for a while . At this price it is n't worth it not to . Buy at least four and you get free shipping and it is less then at any store .
 Bought these diapers for my grandchild . My daughter and baby too , love these diapers . For those moments that you do n't wo n't leakage ... or the oooops to become a public statement . These work great ... and unlike some other brands that my daughter had tried ... baby does n't get a rash from the material used in this diaper .
 I bought a bag of Luvs which now have Blues Clues on them and a bag of Pampers Baby Dry and amazingly enough they look identical . Although this is n't that surprising since they are made by the same people but I thought there 'd be some difference beside the design on them . Well I have n't tried a lot yet but what I have tried has n't leaked . We 'll see how they do in the long run . Just be aware that this is not the best price you can get .
 These are good diapers . I am disgusted how people complain about them leaking horribly - you are supposed to change your childs diaper when it is soiled , not leave them sit in it until it leaks , which I assume must be what people are doing if they complain about leakage . I do n't have a problem using these with my kids , even overnight , so for someone to be having problems with leakage , they must be letting their kids sit in their dirty diaper for a LONG time .
 I was so frustrated with Pampers and Huggies as they kept leaking out the back of the diaper . The only way we were able to prevent that was to make the diapers very very tight . I 'm sure that was n't comfortable for the baby . I started researching Mom forums and blogs about diapers and heard such good things . Starting when my daughter was 2 months old -LRB- now 7 months -RRB- we started using Luvs . They have been a lifesaver - no leaking and you ca n't beat the price .
 LOVE these diapers ! Honestly , I think every little body is built a little differently , and one diaper will not fit every baby perfectly . But these are worth checking out . I tried them looking for a good , cheap diaper and these were recommended by a friend . After reading various reviews I was a little worried , but gave them a go . And I am so glad I did ! They have never leaked other than a few overnights , but they sure did put up a fight those nights and even the `` night time '' diapers have had a hard time standing up to my 14 month-old daughter . They are thin , inexpensive and I actually like the smell better than the `` pee smell '' we 'd get with others . Only cons - a little crinkly sounding and somewhat transparent -LRB- which can be a good or bad thing depending on where you are and what you have -RRB- . Give them a try , you might be as pleasantly surprised as I was !
 I was really doubtful to try these diapers because of all the bad reviews . I usually use pampers but they are really exspensive so I decided to try a box of Luvs ! They come from the same company . Well , it 's been a week that my twins have been using these diapers and I have n't come across a leak yet . So far so good . I guess every baby is different . My twins ca n't use Huggies . For them it leaks ! You just have to try different diapers until you find the best one for your baby . I find Luvs to be great on my babies . They are also such a good price .
 this is the perfect swaddle blanket , i would recommend this to any parent . it is soft and comes in a million different patterns . it also is a great gift . i just had another baby and bought for him . i received on for my daughter as a gift and used it all the time . it is the perfect size and makes swaddling super easy .
 Both of my children were born large -LRB- approx . 9 pounds -RRB- and grew too large to be swaddled by regular blankets within 2 months . I am a big fan of swaddling and so I was reluctant to discard the practice because of too-small blankets . A friend gifted me with one of these after my first boy was born , so after my second came I indulged in 2 more . They are thin enough to swaddle well and the flannel makes them cozy . The quality is good and after two children my first blanket has held up well enough to pass on to my sister 's baby , too .
 i received this mobile as a gift and i love it !! Our daughter falls asleep every night watching all the pictures , all of which can be changed with replacement pictures , that come with the mobile . I especially love the music and the remote control that you can use to start the music , which is great when you 're in another room !! This was a great gift !
 I bought this -LRB- the fireman version -RRB- to replace theSkip Hop Bath Spout Cover , Whale2 years ago -LRB- that one is * very * susceptible to toddler removal -RRB- , and it 's been on my faucet since . It 's excellent at staying in place -LRB- he 's actually pulled himself up by it -RRB- , and protecting his head from bumps and cuts on the faucet . Here are some things to know though :1 -RRB- If you need to remove it between baths , pour hot water over it to make it more pliable . I 've never had an issue removing it . If it gives you trouble , do n't keep pulling . Pour more hot water and be gentle . It will come off , but it 's designed to keep tots from pulling it off . Just like a childproof cap on a medicine bottle , you do n't want it to be too easy to take off , or the kids will do just that .2 -RRB- Using the bubble bath dispenser , you need to use a liquid bubble bath -LRB- like Mr. Bubble or something -RRB- instead of the thicker , soapier bubble baths like Johnson & Johnson 's . It should be as close to the consistency of water as you can get . Otherwise it wo n't work so well .3 -RRB- Water does * not * go through the bubble dispenser at all , thus the only time you should get mildew in there is if you 're using the bubble bath , and if you 're using that , you need to pour plain water in it to clean it out -LRB- just like any other bathroom surface that gets a build up of soap -RRB- . I 've never had to physically dry out the compartment , and there 's never been any sign of mildew . If the bath is hot , then steam could collect in it and cause mildew . Or if you steam up the bathroom and leave the door closed , you can get mildew -- just like in your rugs and grout . Do n't steam up the room , and if you do , do n't leave the door closed when you 're done .4 -RRB- If you have a diverter on the faucet itself for the shower , this * will * cover it up -- and keep your kids from turning on the shower -LRB- like mine kept trying to do -RRB- , but if your kids are showering , they probably do n't need a faucet cover.It 's a great little faucet cover and does exactly what it 's supposed to do , and you ca n't beat the price for the functionailty .
 I bought mine when my baby out grew her baby bathtub . It fit with no problem and is great for keeping those sharp edges well covered . Only complaint is that the top of the ducks head that fills with soap ... it does n't work very well ... other then that though I love it !
 Very cute and great addition to one year old girl 's bathtub to help prevent bumping head and back . She loves it and babbles at it too .
 One of my earliest memories is when I was very young my mom was giving me a bath and I scooted too far toward the spout . I was facing it and when I sat up I managed to scraped my spine on the lip of the spout . I do n't remember how badly I was hurt in reality but I do remember it hurt like heck and that my dad later said I had screamed bloody murder . With that memory I would never dream of bathing a child without something like this if I can avoid it . Why risk an injury , large or small , if you do n't have to ? Plus this ducky is tremendously cute !
 This is not only a cute product , but fun and practical too . We love it and would recommend it to anyone that has a baby ready for the big bathtub .
 This ducky is so cute , and really useful ! I got it for my daughter when she transitioned into the big tub . I love that you can lift his shower cap and get LOTS of bubbles right out of the faucet ! My daughter , who is 6 months old , is fascinated by the ducky , and I feel safe with her grabbing at the faucet and getting close to it , now ! I had a little trouble getting the duck to fit over my faucet , but I just soaked it in hot water for a few seconds , and it went on very easily ! GREAT PRDUCT ! WELL WORTH THE MONEY !!!
 Overall , this duck has been great , and has prevented a few bumps on the head . To get it to work with our faucet though , we had to cut out the plastic under the duck 's hat -LRB- the part that is supposed to dispense bubbles -RRB- so that we could still pull up the knob for the shower . It was NOT easy to do , but once it was done , we never had to remove the duck to shower anymore .
 This is a neat little spout cover . The hat on the duck lifts so you can pour the bubble bath into it , so it slowly drizzles to make alot of bubbles . would recommend .
 We wanted a ducky theme for our son 's bathroom . We got this and the Ducky Tub Rug , Jr. . This ducky spout guard is cute and does it 's job . The bubble bath dispenser works , too -LRB- my husband and I like to use that ! -RRB-
 The product was exactly as decsribed , quality materials , fits perfect , and what child doe n't want a rubber ducky in the tub area .
 I did n't get the surfer ducky . It 's more like a bathing ducky . Still , it 's a must have in the bathtub ! We loves to play with it and I feel so much safer because her head came so close to the faucet as she would trip & fall on several occasions . If you have a baby that just ca n't be kept sitting down & you ca n't put enough non-slip pads in your tub , you need this .
 Makes a nice addition to bath time . Works like it is supposed to and the baby really seems to enjoy it .
 was just the was the picture look , I will order from them again , order came fast thank you . A + + + +
 I bought this for a present and they loved it ! It is pretty enough to go in the classiest of homes .
 its a good product . havent been able to use it yet because im overseas but when i get home i will use it
 I love this product so much I bought 1 for all my friends . I plan on buying 1 for my sister also .
 This is cute , and we had fun trying to get our son 's hand print while he was asleep . It looks pretty cute , but do n't expect it to be perfect . It is hard to get their hand or foot pressed in hard enough to make a good print without waking them -LRB- otherwise a hand print would be out of the question for our squirmy son -RRB- . And when you cut the edges you ca n't get them quite perfect , nor can you roll it out perfectly flat without any flaws . Do n't get me wrong , it looks good , just a warning for those perfectionists out there -LRB- I guess I am one ! -RRB- .
 I bought this frame as a gift for Mother 's Day for my mom and mother-in-law . They were great ! The frame was made well and it was easy to assemble . The clay was super easy to use and easy to re-do -LRB- which I had to do twice since baby was a little squirmy -RRB- . They turned out so nice ! I just wish the little sticky thing to mount it to the frame was a little stronger .
 We purchased this with Grandma & Grandpa in mind . The final product -LRB- once we added a photo and the footprint -RRB- was very nice . We had a little trouble with the `` clay '' used for the footprint/handprint . Instructions say to knead the material until there are no bubbles . Easier said than done . The rolling pin included in the kit just made a mess -LRB- stuck to the dough -RRB- . I would recommend planning on more than 48 hours drying time . Even with little to no humidity in the house , it took 3 days before the mold was completely dry . But overall , it really is a nice keepsake that brought tears to Grandma 's eyes !
 Wonderful keepsake . Nice that you can do it over if you mess up . Frustrating for a perfectionist who will do it over until perfect . Footprint is easier than handprint . The picture shows a beige background but mine only came with blue & pink . Customer service at Pearhead is really good .
 The putty they use to capture a hand/foot print is way too sticky and pliable . It took us three times to get a decent hand print for our six month old because he kept digging into the material . Another issue after that is avoiding getting your own prints on the putty because it is just too soft . We made it work eventually and it looks nice in the frame .
 I purchased this to give my husband for his first Father 's Day & he absolutely loved it ! I had a hard time getting the hand print to stick with the double-sided tape & it kept falling in the frame . I was desperate for a quick solution & put some jewelry glue -LRB- the ONLY kind of glue I had -RRB- on the back of it , and it 's been sitting in place ever since . I 'm thinking of purchasing another one for the grandparents next !
 I ordered the impression kit through amazon and the impression material arrived completely hard . I 'm not sure if it was just old or if air had somehow gotten into the foil package , but in any case it was completely unusable . I wrote an email to pearhead and they emailed out a new package of molding material within the week . While I would have loved to have received the product in useable form the first time , I was completely impressed with Pearhead 's customer service & their product . The replacement molding material worked great and provided enough material to take two footprints & two handprints so I was able to choose the best one to frame . Thanks for making a great product !
 I bought this as a gift for my mom and she really likes it.It 's pretty easy to get a footprint of the baby -LRB- the instructions included helps a lot -RRB- .
 I purchased this for my husband as a gift . Its a great little frame . We did our daughters hand print , and the molding was easy to do .
 I had one like this for my oldest child and wanted a similar one for my youngest . It turned out to be exactly what I wanted and worked perfectly . I think these are great keepsake items .
 i had received 1 4 my son @ my babyshower , so i wanted one for my daughter too . . great gift idea 4 baby shower !
 This was just what I was looking for . Very easy to use and made a great gift for the aunts
 I remember doing something like this when I was a kiddo and wanted to capture a memory of our newborn . This kit was so simple ! The `` dough '' is ready-to-go in a foil pack and all you do is warm it up in your hands . Then you roll it out and smush the foot into it . The best part is if it does n't come out well you can do it over and over until you get one you like :o-RRB- -LRB- Imagine with a squirmy infant this might take a few tries -RRB- . It takes about six hours to dry on top - then you flip it over and it 's dry in 24 hours . Does n't leave any goo on your hands or make a mess . Lastly - there was enough dough to do the hand too and if your kiddo is a newborn they 'll both fit in the frame with no trouble .
 Hello , I am a customer service representative for Pearhead , Inc. and I recently read through the comments regarding our Babyprints kits . I 'm glad to see all of the nice comments , but more importantly I appreciate the comments from those who seemed to have had a problem with the product . We have taken steps to correct these problems through improved instructions and quality control . However , I urge anyone who is having a problem with any of our products to contact us at service@pearhead.com as we will be happy to assist you in anyway . We are confident that every customer will get a finished kit that they will love forever.Sincerely , Pearhead Customer Service
 I recently received this as a gift for the birth of my new daughter . I had purchased the keepsake box for my other daughter and was so happy with the results that I was excited get another one . I followed all the directions and was able to easily make an impression of my newborn 's foot . Well , as it was drying my 2 year old found it and broke it into a gazillion pieces . I was devastated and thought I would have to buy an entire new kit . I decided to give customer service a shot to see if i could buy replacement clay and was told that they would send replacement clay out to me immediately , FREE OF CHARGE !!! Can you believe it !!! It was even my fault . Needless to say I will continue to buy from this company and will rave to all my friends about them ! THANKS PEARHEAD !!!!
 I read the other reviews of this product before ordering it and before attempting to make the foot casting . The material for casting is great - it 's like a lightweight foam material that is already mixed and ready to go -LRB- Another kit a friend bought me required you to mix ingredients -RRB- . The material in this Babyprints kit stays moist so you can re-do footprints until you get them right . And I completely bypassed the adhesive included in the kit and instead used a hot glue gun to mount the footprint in the frame . Also , I do n't think it mentions this in the product description , but included in the kit are 3 mats - 2 have 5x7 cut-outs and one is for a 4x6 . It 's nice because you have more options on picture sizes . I actually ended up using the 4x6 for the footprint side because it displays it really nicely .
 I bought this and did my son 's footprint . It is very simple to use and looks wonderful afterwards . When I was shopping for an impression kit , most of the ones I found looked very cheap , but this one looks great and is of high quality . I 'd recommend this kit to anyone .
 This was the best impression kit that I have ever used . The frame is beautiful and the mats are good quality . The best part is the molding compound ... It 's not sticky ! You do n't have to wet it down ! Minimal clean up . The only reason that I did n't give this set 5 stars is that I think that -LRB- ... -RRB- price tag is just a little too high .
 This product is so easy to use . The plaster is already prepared and ready to use out of the package . There is really nothing to set up , so there 's no wasted time . The plaster stays wet long enough to redo the footprints as necessary . It looks great when put together .
 I got one of these for hand print and one for footprint -- there really is n't room to do both . The product was easy to roll out and prep . It will take two people to get a really good impression -- one to hold the appendage and one to press the clay and it is best done while baby is asleep . I recommend replacing the adhesive for the imprint with better quality double stick tape -- mine kept falling down .
 Decent product . The frame is nice , just a regular frame . The `` putty '' is really sticky and a bit hard to handle . I did not have much trouble but I can understand the frustrations listed in other reviews . I was able to get 1 hand and 1 foot print on the putty . I let it sit in some tinfoil for about a week and the material is still soft , but the impressions have not changed as some others have mentioned.For those who buy this , some tips.-Wash your hands well.-Any spec of dust WILL STICK TO IT -LRB- do not let it fall on the carpet like I did -RRB- . - When getting the putty out of the foil , use the putty itself to get it off the packaging -LRB- kind of like using tape to remove any tape residue left on a surface ... if that makes sense -RRB- . - For a flat surface , i just wrapped tinfoil around the piece of glass from the frame -LRB- careful not to break the glass -RRB- . - The roller worked well for me to flatten the putty.-I did n't need to knead the putty , I just rolled it into a cylinder and flattened it with the roller.-If you mess up , DO NOT PANIC . Just start over . This is suppose to be fun.-The putty takes a long time -LRB- days -RRB- to `` dry/harden '' . I left it on the tinfoil COVERED -LRB- if you do n't cover it , dust will get onto it ... trust me -RRB- for like 1 week and it 's still a little soft.I 've read in other reviews that there are better products out there . Someone mentioned Target . This is the only time I 've used something like this so I do n't know . This worked fine for me . Hope this helps .
 very good frame ! easy to use . I ve tried 5 different frames with prints and this is the best one . It takes 5 min to make a foot print and you dont need to spend 30 min to clean baby 's foot after it . No sticky mess . Very good product !
 Great product . The frame is such a cute idea . I have one for for both my daughters and it 's a good keepsake .
 This is a beautiful product . We bought it for all of the grandparents and gave it to them for mother 's and father 's day . The frame and matting look very professional . The molding clay is relatively easy to use , but it can be hard getting baby 's foot positioned just so .
 The Babyprints Desktop Frame is a great gift for when you want to spend under $ 50 on a new baby gift . Any new parent will love this gift as it truly is unique and a keepsake that can be cherished forever .
 We ordered three
 This is is something that you must buy for your own baby or as a gift . It is VERY easy to make the footprint and it looks great when completed . There was even enough left over for me to make a handprint as well . They only negative that I have is that it is only offered in mohagany which may or may not go with your decorating scheme .
 We have one of these for both of our sons . Its a terrific keepsake and very easy to assemble .
 This is a great keepsake , or a WONDERFUL gift to give to first-time parents . I would have loved to get my daughter 's first foot print but I discovered it too late . I had to settle for a 1-yr handprint -LRB- and with a struggle -RRB- but it is a great way to remember how little they were and how fast they grow-up !
 I bought this two years ago for my first daughter . There was enough of the mold to make both a hand and footprint , and the frame was big enough to accommodate both , as well . It was super easy and best of all , if you messed up you can re-roll -LRB- babies are n't always still ! -RRB- . It has lasted through a move -- no cracking or breaking 2 years later and I 'm back to buy another one for my second child .
 This was a gift for a friend . She said the clay was very easy to work with and after the first failed attempt to get her infant 's foot mark she was able to re-roll the clay to set it again.I viewed the end product and it looks very nice .
 We had bought another company 's frame that used clay for ourselves and really liked it but decided to try this one as gifts for the grandparents , it was not quite as easy to use but once we figured it out , we like the end result a lot.After you knead the dough it says to roll it out , but it does n't mention that if you let the rolling pin touch the product it 's going to become a sticky mess and you will be unable to clean it off the rolling pin . We put the stuff back in the foil it came in -LRB- so both the top and bottom were covered -RRB- and rolled it flat that way using our own roller -LRB- since the included one was now covered in lumps of the stuff -RRB- . This works pretty well.When taking the foot impression the same problem occurred , although it did not stick to our hands , it became a marshmallow like mess when we placed our baby 's foot in it -LRB- even though his foot was clean and dry -RRB- . We tried again and got the same results so then we tried getting his foot really wet before taking the impression , and that worked quite well.Although it was initially a frustrating experience , we really like the end result so we proceeded to order/make another one -LRB- was much easier the second time around since we knew what to do ! -RRB-
 I needed it like the instructions say to went to roll it out and it stuck to EVERYTHINH my hands the rolling pin it gave tried to do the impression stuck to my babies foot so I waited fir about 15,20 min and it worked beautifully m fairways favorite thin about this product is it gives you plenty of leftovers I still have the one I did fire my first 4.5 years ago and the an extra hand print fire both of them as well : - -RRB-
 This is a great keepsake . I have one for both my kids and it 's really well made . I would recommend this product !
 I bought this for our new born baby and used it just a few days after she was born . The instructions are clear and easy to understand . It was simple to use and looks great . My only suggestion is to make it easier to cut out a square piece as mine is slightly angled , but that is mostly my fault .
 This worked perfectly for us ! The finished product is so nice ! It makes a wonderful gift that looks more expensive than it actually is . The background for the shadowbox is a very pretty sage green , which looks quite nice against the mahogany wood . The molding material is very easy to use -- we actually rolled it out three times -LRB- we were n't satisfied with the first two footprints and just kept rolling it out and trying again -RRB- . It looked just as fresh and clean on the third try ! Do n't bother trying to use the rolling pin -- I have no idea why they include it , because it is useless -LRB- kept sticking to the material -RRB- . We used a clean metal spray paint can , and it worked like a charm . I ca n't get over how lovely it looks once it 's assembled !
 This kit is fantastic ! I bought one previously in another store -LRB- light wood frame color -RRB- to use myself and loved it so much I bought this one for a friend who 's due in a couple months . The imprint material is easy to work with , not at all messy and if you mess up , you can roll it out again and do it over . Note , you do have to PUSH your child 's foot into the material fairly firmly , it 's not a stamp and you ca n't simply touch it on the surface . We did it while our baby was sleeping -LRB- less wiggling -RRB- and he did n't even wake up . The imprint material is actually a lightweight foam modeling material similar to stuff Crayola used to sell . The frame and matting are of good quality and all together , the kit makes a beautiful finished product that will be enjoyed for years to come .
 This product was great . The footprint kit was so easy , and it just has to dry for a good day , and then its ready to frame . definatly reccomend this product .
 It will keep your babies mold but it really does n't get harder like plaster does .
 This makes a great homemade gift/keepsake for grandparents . And it turns out to be a good looking gift , not cheap or cheesy . Or , it could be a nice shower gift for new parents to do with a newborn . The putty material for imprinting the hand or foot is so easy to use . If you mess up , just roll it out and try again . Nice , sturdy frame . All pieces you need are included . Instructions are helpful . Be sure roll putty out to the instructed thickness , or the imprint will touch the glass once in the frame .
 This products looks super nice when finished ... . the ONLY thing I did not like is that my son 's impression did not come out quite as nice as I might have hoped . He is just too wiggly and I did not have time to redo over and over.Don ' t get me wrong , the impression putty worked , it just did not look as nice as it probably could have had I redone it several times .
 I previously used a set that featured Sculpey material to make hand and foot print casts . The Sculpey material is a little firm , and with those soft little baby hands I was too nervous to push them hard into the material , so I only got fairly shallow impressions.With THIS set - the Babyprints brand - the material is different . You do n't bake it , it just air dries . It is much softer , so you can get a deeper , nicer casting . However , it seems to stay a little soft even after setting . I 'm not sure whether it will survive the ages as well as the Sculpey stuff does .
 We received this as a baby shower gift and loved it ! It was very easy to use and the instructions were actually clear and logical -LRB- as opposed to the ones where they make no sense and you 're trying to guess what they really meant -RRB- . We did our daughter 's when she was a week old , so we were able to fit both little feet in the allotted space . We put it on our mantle with her official hospital newborn pic . It looks wonderful and gets lots of compliments . And best of all , we have a fabulous momento of her early days . This is a wonderful way to get your baby 's hand or footprint and display it elegantly . I 'll be buying lots of these to give as gifts from now on .
 I received this as a gift and I love it . I know that it will be a gift that I will enjoy for many years to come as my son gets older . Plus , it is so easy to do . The hardest part was trying to get my son to press his foot down hard enough so that I could get a good cast of it but in the end it turned out great and the finished product looks so neat . I ca n't wait to give this as a shower gift to someone else . A word to the wise -- when you asemble this product make , sure that you use glue to hold the footprint in place in the frame because the adhesive that comes with this kit will not hold it .
 This product was very easy to use and the finished product looked fantastic . We got 2 for Christmas presents and they were both very well received . We used it to make a footprint and it did take longer than 24 hours for it to be fully dry but we would recommend this product to anyone looking for a quick sentimental project .
 I have three children . My youngest is 3 months old . I am so excited to do this again for my husband . I did it for Father 's Day the year each of my other two children were born and they are proudly displayed on our fireplace mantel . I have a picture of my husband and my son together with my first one , a picture of my daughter and me together for my second , and as my last child is a boy , I imagine I 'll try to snag another picture of him with the baby . It was very easy to use , not messy , and forgiving of a squirming youngster . It dried within 24 hours and has preserved perfectly with no cracking or coloring for five years -LRB- so far -RRB- .
 My husband and I bought this border last weekend and put it up . We absolutely love it . We bought 2 rolls because we have a larger room , and we read the online reviews , in which most people needed 2 rolls . When you try to match up 2 pieces at first it seems like it wo n't match up , but when you get it wet it matches up perfect . We painted the bottom half of the room the green in the border , and the top half of the room the blue thats in the border . Everyone , including us , absolutely loves our new babies room .
 This was actually our second choice for decorating our little one 's new space -LRB- our first was discontinued . -RRB- I think I 'm happier with this one that I would 've been the first . The border was especially easy to put up -LRB- not sure why others have had trouble - we had none at all . -RRB- Just dip in the water for 10 seconds like it says , and smooth on the wall with a damp sponge to work out bubbles.The only drawback , like others have mentioned , is that we ended up being about 11/2 - 2 ft short to finish the room . But it was a short wall behind the door , so we just left it . It does indicate that it 's only 10 yards per roll , so it was really my fault for not measuring .
 I also have all of the items in the Locomotion series . At first I did n't want to register for the border because of the expense . I just did n't see it as a necessity . However , my Mom purchased us all of our Locomotion items and I recently put the border up in my son 's room . I am so glad we got it ! It adds the perfect touch to the room and makes for decoration for years to come as he grows .
 I have all the items for this particular set . The colors , the shapes of the vehicles and the patterns are all precious ! This will add the final touch to any baby boy 's room . The great thing about it -LRB- which sold me -RRB- is the fact that it wo n't become outdated and will be something my son will enjoy for more then a few months ! You wo n't go wrong !
 A friend recommended this item based on her 2 year old son 's love of it . My husband and I put the border up this past weekend and my 2 year old son loves it ! In fact , he is sleeping in his own bed again ! Since they just became available , we will be ordering the valences as soon as possible to put the finishing touches on the room . I 'm glad we found this!The border was very easy to put up . I had some wallpaper paste for pre-pasted wall paper borders and worked wonderfully . We did n't want to mess with the water , since it does n't always work like it should . The paste made it so easy . If you follow the directions , it tells you to use a damp sponge to go over it once you put it up . Then wait a few minutes and do it again . When you put one up , then try to measure for the next one , it looks like it is shorter than the other , but once you past it up , it matches . It must expand with the paste . I got the Wallpaper Border paste for prepasted Wall Borders at an Ace hardware store and I talked to someone there that suggested this process . It made it easier than dealing with water .
 We decorated our nursery gender nutrual -LRB- Wirligig Theme -RRB- and are now expecting baby # 2 . So we are moving my son into a `` Big Boy '' room and are using the Locomotion theme . I love this border , it is really cute and not so babish . It should last him until school age . It kind of has a country feel to it and works nicely with our home 's overall decore . We painted the walls a creamy yellow on top and a denium blue on the bottom with the border mid-way up the wall . The border went up fairly easily , though it did take a few minutes for the paste to start sticking so after wetting you need to wait a few minutes before trying to hang it . We had no problems matching up any seems but because the repeat is so long you may need to buy extra to make sure you can keep the pattern going in the right order . We also have the Locomotion vallance and throw pillow . My only wish is that there was a toddler bed set not just the crib one but we plan to just buy a plain denium toddler bed set and use the throw pillow to tie it together .
 We purchased the Locomotion bedding for our baby who is due in 8 weeks and we love it . The only complaint that I had about the border was that it did n't always line up exactly when we put it on the wall ... it could be cut better . It is n't really noticable but my husband got aggravated while trying to get it to match exactly , but his room has many corners and edges ...
 We love this bear ! It 's nice and simple , soft and cuddly . Our son loves nibbling on it and holding it . Would definitely buy again !
 My son loves this bear ! My son is teething and likes to bite the paws and head , so we need to throw it in the wash frequently . I bought 2 extra in case we lose one .
 My 4 month old is n't very attached to this , or anything , yet , but she is easily able to grab the little knobby paws of the bear and likes to chew on them . I 've washed it a couple times already and it seems to be holding up . Only gave it 4 stars because it is a little small . That said , it is probably a good size for an infant . I do n't feel like there is a suffocation hazard because it ca n't really get wrapped up around her head .
 I bought one of these in 2007 and it lasted through 3 daughters . My third daughter loved it so much I decided to buy her another . She 's almost 2 years old and still loves her bears . She chews on the hands and feet the most . I soak it in vinegar and then rinse it and make sure it spins dry in the washer cycle with another load and then into the dryer it goes .
 We bought the Eddie Bauer High Back Booster Seat to replace the Graco Turbo booster for my three year old . She has never complained of it being uncomfortable . She seems to fit in the seat just fine and she is small for her age . We needed a carseat with a harness that did not take up alot of room for a small car with 2 carseats . We never had any trouble . The strap that allows you to tighten the harness is really easy for us to tighten . -LRB- In my sons carseat , we have to take him out of the seat to tighten it -RRB- . We have no wear on the seat , and we have had it for about 2 years . We have not had to wash it yet so I ca n't comment on that . And it was easy to install . I 'm always looking for the perfect baby/child equipment , and I have been through more than a few carseats . I think this seat is a keeper .
 We bought a Britax booster for our 2 year old to find that she is too young for it . To replace our convertible car seat , which is supposed to go to 40 pounds - she is 30 pounds we decided on this one . She seems very comfortable in this car seat , and likes the cupholder . The only thing I do not like about the car seat , is that I could not get it tight enough using the latch system . I had to use the old fashioned method to restrain it . My daughter is safe and comfortable , though and that is what is most important to me .
 We purchased two of these for our 21 month old and almost 4 year old . Our 4 yr old is very petite she 's barely 27lbs and she 's extremely comfortable in the seat . The 21 month old is more average height/weight and she fits great in hers too.My only gripe is that the top latch tether is on the short side . We have a mini van so the tether strap has to reach all the way down to the bottom of the back of the seat . It was kind of a pain to extend the strap to that lenght but once we got it extended it works great .
 We purchased this booster for our 3 year old who is very tall for her age . So far , we are very pleased with it . She seems very comfortable in it and has plenty of room to grow . I rated it a 4 because the only thing I see as a minor problem is that the strap that allows you to tighten the harness is a little hard to pull on . However , I manage to get it tight enough for her - so not a major problem . Compared to the others on the market - if you need a harness booster - this is great . Plus - it was rated one of the safest in Consumer Reports !
 This is a great carseat for a decent price ! I bought this seat for my 2 yr old daughter last fall . I had a Evenflo Triumph and we were going to be going on a plane trip and did n't want to lug the heavy seat around ... this seat is nice and light ! My daughter loves it and was totally comfortable on the first 5 hr flight and the second 6 hour flight . We even used it in the terminal as a place for her to sit ! I have had no problems installing it securely either in the airplane or in any of our cars , with or without latch . It does not budge not one inch and does n't seem to be top heavy if installed correctly as some other consumers have stated . I do agree that it is a pain if you have to take the cover off to wash , but its no big deal . We love this seat !
 we have two of these , one is for our 7 yr old and we bought it when he was 2 and he still uses it !!! it has held up amazing ! so we bought our 3 yr old one last yr and his is great too ! sure the pillow is a little worthless but other then that I HAVE NO IDEA why these people complain ... the 5 pt harness is great ! and for the price ??? well worth it ! my boys like how they can see out when they are in this . . I highly recomnmed this for this price range !
 I have not had the problems with this car seat that everyone has complained about . It is a pain to take apart and clean if there is something spilled . I own two eddie bauer car seats and have not had a problem . I would have to say that I prefer Britax but they 're really expensive when you have a large family .
 We received this car seat as a gift for my 1year old 's birthday . It is a great looking car seat . I have found it to be easy to get my son in and out of it . So far we have had no problems with this car seat other than the wear on it . I found it obtained little balls on it like as if I had inproperly washed it -LRB- I have n't washed it yet -RRB- . Other than that I like it a lot and would recommend it , expecially for the price !!!
 I bought this carseat to use in my car for my granddaughter . Her mom and dad bought the same one and told me about it . After searching intently for one , I bought this one after my daughters ' suggestion . My granddaughter loves this carseat , it 's easy to put in and is very well padded . I would highly recommend this carseat to any one !!
 After much research and contemplation I decided on the Twin Swift and love it ! I thought I was sold on a Maclaren Techno but after trying one out found it to be on the heavy side and difficult to fold-up . This stroller is lighter , folds up easily and steers like a dream - not too mention much more financially feasible . I have 8 month old twins and they sit comfortably and love to be able to look out and at each other . A stroller that is easy to use and comfortable can make or break your outing . I look for reasons to go out and use my Twin Swift !!
 We bought this stroller and wore it into the ground with daily sidewalk trips , many many planerides and gate-checks , folding and unfolding it constantly ... it went for a year and a half before it broke . Then we went cheap with a Graco -LRB- big mistake ... with our heavy use that lasted maybe a month -RRB- . Next I tried to save a LITTLE money with a side-by-side Peg Perego , but the basket on that thing is useless , and though it lasted about a year , that 's still 6 months less than the Inglesina . Now I have to buy a side-by-side yet again , and I 'm going back to the Inglesina . -LRB- Though it 's horrifying , how much time and money I 've put into stroller-buying over the years ! -RRB-
 I love my Inglesina Twin Swift , which nails just about everything on my wish-list for a double stroller . As wide as a standard wheelchair , it fits through pretty much all doors , is still wide enough to be comfortable to the kiddos , can turn on a dime -LRB- e.g. , enter an elevator , and just swivel in place to face the other direction -RRB- , is n't affected by a heavy child in one seat and a super-light one in the other , folds up about as small as my SINGLE Urban Jogger stroller -LRB- not as small as an umbrella single , but very small for a double -RRB- , is easy to fold , can be steered one-handed , has 6 pairs of wheels so it rides quite smoothly -LRB- not as smoothly as a jogging stroller with 1-foot wheels , but surprisingly well -RRB- , has ergonomically positioned handles , I do n't kick the wheels with my feet as I 'm walking , and the two seats can recline independently.When I was researching these online I found conflicting information -LRB- sometimes on the same web page -RRB- as to whether it holds 35 or 45 pounds per seat . The answer in the product manual is 15 kilos -LRB- about 35 pounds -RRB- . Unfortunately , my older daughter is already 30 pounds so I 'm hoping I can push the limit a little.Some online reviews complain about the hood/canopy coming off upon folding the stroller . I have n't noticed this , although I LOVE that it unclips so easily ... sometimes we clip it where it belongs , sometimes extra high , sometimes extra low , and sometimes I detach the clip and my daughter pulls the cover down to her knees for an insulated-bubble effect while walking -LRB- which is great if you get stuck in the rain ! -RRB- .
 We purchased this because I needed a car double . It 's a GREAT stroller that folds up compactly , pushes well , even with a weight difference in each seat . The recline is nice as well . The sun shades are skimpy but not awful . My biggest complaint though is that it weighs in at a whopping 28 pounds ! I understand it 's a double but holy moley ! The upside to the weight is that it does n't tip if you hang a diaper bag -LRB- or 2 -RRB- off the back , which is good because the baskets underneath are tiny and completely impossible to get to if the seat is reclined.For the price I 'd buy it again . A good travel double is hard to find .
 After researching many strollers I decided on this one since it was the lightest and most compact . I was very happy with it , it steered nicely , easy to fold up -LRB- which was important , as I only drive a car not a truck -RRB- . If I had to complain , I 'd say I wish it had a bigger canopy , also maybe a little more comfortable . My kids never complained or looked uncomfortable but it does n't have much padding . I also own a Peg Perego Twin Aria , which is more comfortable and has a front tray which is nice but it 's not a compact or lightweight .
 This is a sweet diaper bag for the Chou Chou doll or really any doll . It contains one diaper , a changing pad , pretend lotion , pretend cream , and pretend powder . And as my title states , you carry it over one shoulder . I gave it five stars for educational value as it promotes nurturing skills for the little mommy or daddy .
 I have a Chou Chou doll named Areaonna.To take care of Areaonna or any other baby you need to change her diaper so she will be fresh and clean.This diaper bag is easy to take along with you ! Get Areaonna or any other baby the things she needs like the feeding set clothes and the bouncy seat your doll will be just perfect !!!!!!
 My four year old daughter received the changing backpack for Christmas along with the bouncy seat and feeding set . The backpack is very good quality , although I feel a bit pricey -LRB- but grandma bought it -RRB- . She uses the changing pad as a doll blanket . The backpack fits the feeding set inside along with the other accessories . The best thing about it is she loves to change her doll 's diaper and the blanket matches the bouncy seat . The two zippers on the backpack are very easy for her to use .
 I agree with the other customer that wrote a reveiw for this product . I have a CHOU CHOU doll named Hermione . I also recomend this for any CHOU CHOU doll 's `` mommy . ''
 I have a Chou Chou doll , and this bag is excellent . I bought my doll about 2/3 years ago , and the bag is still in excellent condition . It has items in it too , that are also in perfect condition . Feeding Spoon , Bowl , Blanket , Creams , and Food . This is an excellent product , that I love . Very durable , and fun !
 For the price I would have expected more in the way of accessories , maybe another little diaper . The fabric the bag is made from is cute , and cleans easily , and it 's sewn well enough . I wish I had bought two when I found this on sale , because it immediately sparked a fight between my five and two year old girls . My advice , look for a sale to make the price closer to the value .
 My 3 year old daughter got this for Christmas and she LOVES it ! Great addition to her collection of baby doll stuff ! She uses it for all her babies - Chou Chou and others . She espcially liked this bag because she remembers the diaper backpack I used when she was in diapers ! Great toy !
 After one month of using the Inglesina stroller , the right hood cover has been bent . In the folded position , the hood supports have been pressed in and therefore has caused the hood to malfunction . It is out of shape and is difficult to get back to its original shape . Other than that , I have found no other problems . This double stroller rides nicely and gets through standard widths .
 This is great for toddler hair . My 3-year-old has super curly hair which tangles like crazy . Her hair can not really be combed or brushed when dry , so I comb out the tangles while she is in the tub . This shampoo makes that a lot easier and her hair never gets weighed down . Also try the Johnson & Johnson baby/toddler conditioner . It is super thick and creamy and also great for tangles .
 This product works great for my 21/2 year olds long hair . Combing her hair after a bath and in the morning is no problem .
 How could anyone not like this deal ? This is the best price I have seen on the internet ! Not only do you not pay tax but if you spend $ 25 or more -LRB- which I did because I bought 4 packs -RRB- you do n't pay for shipping ! I like huggies ultratrim because it is extremely absorbent , and I have tried various brands -LRB- including pampers -RRB- and I find that this is the best . I normally buy diapers at BJs Wholesale which sell size 1 huggies for $ 30 , which is the same as 4 packs of the size 1 on Amazon -LRB- same price too -RRB- . But I have to pay for tax and transportation so in a way , I am actually saving by buying at Amazon ! I have a 3 month old so I do n't have time to go around running for diapers that are a reasonable price . Now all I have to do is order online and wait for it to be delivered to me ! You do n't know how great I think that is !
 Huggies is the only brand of diapers I buy - all others we purchased were horrid !! If they leaked on you - they must not have been on too long ! Have never had this problem after 3 kids !
 Ahh , the ultimate controversy . I feel like I 've graduated from college to adult when the hot topic with my friends has changed from ` boxers vs briefs ' to ` huggies vs pampers ' . We did stage our own version of the Pepsi Challenge , and purchased Huggies , Papers , Luvs and even some other random brand I found in our local grocery store . Huggies wins hands down . Luvs leaked all the time , and was even kind of scratchy . Pampers was nice and soft , but also leaked . For us , Huggies has never leaked . The elastic bands around the legs fit well , the diapers are soft enough to not bother my son . We 've used Huggies from size NB up to 3 so far and have still preferred Huggies in each size range.Within the Huggies line , I prefer the Ultra-trim -LRB- which I guess is being called something else now ? -RRB- over the Huggies Supreme . The Supreme were extra padded and tended to bunch up . They did n't leak , but they just were n't as comfortable for my son 's frenzied activity level.As for fit , my son has always been small for his age -LRB- 10th percentile in weight , 60th percentile in height -RRB- , so I 'm not sure if that makes any difference ... maybe pampers works better for chunky kids ? Which opens up another age old controversy `` does size really matter '' ? But that 's a conversation for another day . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We were given Pampers in the hospital when my son was born and they leaked very often . I was constantly changing diapers . I switched to Huggies Newborn and am now on to Stage 1 . I have had a substantial reduction in leaks . For those ladies who say they are the wrong size ... not all babies waists are the same width . A one size fits all perspective does n't always work so maybe you just need to experiment with different sizes and brands . At our moms group , a lot of the ladies exchange diapers so you can try them without buying an entire pack . I am happy with the Huggies .
 Thanks so much for the excellent timing of shipping my order !! I was blown away to see my order at my doorstep in less than 24 hours later !! I will definitely be buying again from this site !! Anita
 When it comes to items like this , I am very picky . My son is only 2 months , but he is in the size 2 diapers . I have tried pampers and just did not like it at all . These diapers will hold back a river !!!! Their wipes suck so I use pampers wipes but huggies diapers are the truth .
 i 've priced out every kind of diaper and to date it 's cheaper to purchase Huggies at Amazon than anywhere else without coupons ... even Wal-Mart . i would have to hunt down coupons to get this rate and it 's even better to get free shipping on the purchase when spending $ 25 ... not hard to do with diapers ! i 've tried ALL brands and like this the best . i would recommend this over the Huggies Supreme for bigger babies ... mine is 2.5 months old and weights 15lbs -LRB- big -RRB- and the Supreme just were n't big enough around to fit his belly ... but the Ultratrim are and also provide wiggle room . given the preference , i 'd chose the Supreme but i 'd have to go up a size and you get less diapers so this is the next best thing for chunky babies . : -RRB-
 I see that some of the others did n't care much for these diapers but I absolutley love Huggies ! I have tried 'em all ! I have a three year old -LRB- outta diapers & pull ups - THANK GOODNESS ! -RRB- and a 4 month old . In my opinion , Pampers do n't do quite the job that Huggies do in the leaking deparment . It seemed like we were changing diapers twice as much with Pampers.And as others have said , this is an awsome price -LRB- ya ca n't beat it even w / coupons ! -RRB- and it 's so nice having them delivered to your door ! As stated in previous reviews , remember to get your total up to $ 25 and get that free shipping !! : -RRB-
 I checked almost every store in a 10 mile radius and this is by far the best price . It still was n't any cheaper to use a coupon at a store . The items came even faster than what was estimated .
 Ahh , the ultimate controversy . I feel like I 've graduated from college to adult when the hot topic with my friends has changed from ` boxers vs briefs ' to ` huggies vs pampers ' . We did stage our own version of the Pepsi Challenge , and purchased Huggies , Papers , Luvs and even some other random brand I found in our local grocery store . Huggies wins hands down . Luvs leaked all the time , and was even kind of scratchy . Pampers was nice and soft , but also leaked . For us , Huggies has never leaked . The elastic bands around the legs fit well , the diapers are soft enough to not bother my son . We 've used Huggies from size NB up to 3 so far and have still preferred Huggies in each size range.Within the Huggies line , I prefer the Ultra-trim -LRB- which I guess is being called something else now ? -RRB- over the Huggies Supreme . The Supreme were extra padded and tended to bunch up . They did n't leak , but they just were n't as comfortable for my son 's frenzied activity level.As for fit , my son has always been small for his age -LRB- 10th percentile in weight , 60th percentile in height -RRB- , so I 'm not sure if that makes any difference ... maybe pampers works better for chunky kids ? Which opens up another age old controversy `` does size really matter '' ? But that 's a conversation for another day . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I love these diapers ! They feel soft and my daughter is very comfortable in it , nothing like Pamper 's Baby Dry diapers which feels like paper and they make so much noise . Man , I hate those things - never will I buy them again . These Huggies Supreme diapers feel like cloth next to my daughter 's skin , has had no leaks or accidents and has kept all ` explosions ' within the diaper . The price is excellent ! I have seen these at Target and Walmart well over $ 10 + per bag , even w / a coupon . Great Job Amazon on keeping the prices minimal for an excellent product !!
 Diaper works great . Great deal when they were 7.49 with free shipping . Now is cheaper at my local warehouse club .
 I love huggies diapers . The only reason I am leaving a 4 star review is these diapers were not a good buy . I found the same ones , same size , brand , and count for $ 10.49 and paid $ 12.99 here . I guess I should have done my homework , LOL !
 I have two kids and I 've never found a better diaper than huggie brand diapers . Do n't like pampers or any other brand and believ me I 've tried them all . Of course I 've learned over the years that it depends on your baby . Believe it or not diapers are different with each baby !!! But for me and my babies its huggies , we love the stretchy sides that no other diaper seems to have . Pampers sides always seemed to tear for some reason and the material was not soft they even gave my first baby diaper rashes form the powder they use to put in their diapers . SO again we prefer huggies but thats just us .
 I 'm not sure how the diapers were fastened by those who only gave these diapers 1 star , but I find that Huggies Supreme are the best diapers and I 've tried them all . These diapers catch everything ! From side-to-side , from front to back , all the messy stuff stays inside .
 Before I had my first baby I 've been told by everyone that Pampers were the best diapers but it always leaked . With Huggies Supreme I never had the diaper leak . Well , unless my son has diarhea , but no diaper is diahrea proof . The prices that Amazon offers , you ca n't beat it , unless you purchase it wholesale .
 these are my favorite diaper around . . however , i have a big baby who weighs in at 15lbs . and is only 2.5 months old . if you have a larger baby , these are n't the best bet economically because you have to go up a size for them to fit and doing that means less diapers for the same price . the Huggies Ultratrim are awesome for this reason even though i 'd prefer the Supreme . the price is great and can not be beat at wal-mart unless you have a coupon ... plus the free shipping on spending $ 25 is quite a steal since it 's not hard to spend that much on diapers anyway . i 'd recommend this brand/style to anyone who has normal to smaller baby ... i love them !
 As a 10 year tanning veteran , I have quite a bit of experience with tanning lotions . Swedish Beauty has always been my favorite brand and I have tried many of thier lotions throughout the years - without bronzers , bronzers , tingle , blush , etc - and I can positively say that Priceless really is Priceless ! :-RRB- This is the best SB lotion I 've ever used . I go to a great salon with good beds and with this lotion will be able either go less often and maintain my tan or go the same amount and get super dark . I noticed the shade of my tan was darker the same day I tanned and I am excited to keep using this lotion ! It was explained to me that blush lotions are ` tingle free tingle lotions ' - make sense ? I have never been a fan of the tingle lines - maybe I 'm sensitive but they are pretty uncomfortable to me . This did n't feel any different than a regular lotion but has great results . It is a little more expensive than many lotions but you truly do get what you pay for . If you want a deep , dark , tan in a minimal amount of time this is the lotion for you!I ca n't believe I almost forgot to mention the scent !! Priceless smells wonderful ! It 's a light fruity scent that still smells great post tanning session ! You do n't need to immeditely shower - it smells great , but not TOO strong !
 Excellent smell -LRB- like cranberries -RRB- , applies easily , gives a great tanning boost without looking orange . I would n't say the bronzer lasts `` 8 days '' like some of the advertisements say for this product , but it sure does have a nice hold -LRB- at least one shower . I would recommend/buy this again .
 I 've used Huggies Supreme since my baby was born . Never had any leakage problems . It has double elastic and it feels more like cloth than plastic . It keeps the skin dry until the next diaper change . The least amount of diaper rash too .
 Some people complained that these diapers `` constantly '' leaked . I would like to suggest them check reasons other than the diaper itself . It took a while for my husband finally learned how to put a diaper properly on our daughter . I believe these are really the best made diapers . A little bit smaller compared to others in the same size range . Maybe little heavy for hot summer days . Otherwise perfect . I use Huggies baby-shaped/ultrium at day time more and supreme at night or for a trip ... But now there is just no advantage to buy at amazon
 I have tested all brands of diapers over the years and Huggies Supreme are the BEST ! Diaper rash is almost a thing of the past with these and was a huge problem with earlier disposable diapers . Jacob is 7 months old and has only had one major rash - wow , what a difference ! And , the price is unbeatable , coupon or not . Just be sure to order $ 25 or more for free shipping . You wo n't be sorry !
 My son has used Huggies for a year now and it is undeniably the best pamper on the market . Huggies is the top of the line over it 's competitor -LRB- Pampers -RRB- which cost more and offers less .
 I love these diapers . They are the only ones that fit my daughter well . No leak problems whatsoever .
 These are the only diapers I dont have leaks with . I love how they have the elastic tabs , it makes my baby look like shes much more comfortable and moves around a lot easier . The price on here is great as well ! This is the cheapest I have found these at !
 From $ 7.49 to $ 11.29 ? I doubt if Amazon will be able to sell this any more.I will have to go back to Wal-Mart for diapers .
 I was buying my diapers from Amazon when the price was $ 7.49 , now that its $ 11.00 , I 'm off to Target . Why the $ 4.00 price hike ?
 My son started with Pampers newborn -LRB- A gift package -RRB- . It was fine until he outgrew it . And I thought he fitted nicely in Pampers , I continued to get him the bigger one . Well , guess what ... it leaked ! Since then , I always have Huggies Supreme for him . And it hugs him nicely and he only had one mild diaper rash -LRB- when he had a severely diarrhea -RRB- . I do n't know whether it costs more than other brands , but sure its gives an assurance that my almost-a year son is happy in it . Love it !
 I have always bought my diapers from amazon but now with the price hike -LRB- the $ 4 hike is ridiculous -RRB- I can get diapers cheaper elsewhere . Good bye amazon ! You have lost alot of customers with this price hike as all of my references who too had started buying diapers from amazon , have moved elsewhere .
 My son wet through every diaper I tried until I was given a pack of Huggies Supreme . He has not leaked through yet ! He even lasts all night in the same diaper . I bought several packs at a time on Amazon.com back when they were only $ 7.49 . You could n't beat that price ! But now at $ 11.29 , I can get them anywhere for less than that . Sorry amazon .
 Wow , I am really shocked at all of the bad reviews for this diaper , because I think Huggies Supream is the best you can buy.I only used the Pamper 's Swaddlers on my daughter until she grew out of them -LRB- they only make up to size 2 -RRB- and I started using regular Pamper 's which were very hard on my daughter 's skin . Because of the way Pamper 's are made with plastic , it rubs your child 's skin and leaves angry red marks where the diapers come in contact with a baby 's thighs.Huggies Supream is clothlike and never leaves irritation marks on my daughter . They are very gentle . The only reason I could not give Huggies Supream 5 stars is that sometimes they leak in her sleep . But other than that , all day long these diapers control leaks easily . Using the Huggies Goodnights in the evening solves the sleepy time leaking problem !!!
 These are the best diapers but the $ 4.00 price hike is unfortunate . I was buying all my diapers on Amazon and talking the `` great deal and convenience '' up to friends . Off to Target or Walmart I will go now .
 I have bought these for a year here and they were always 7.50 / pack . Now they are over 11 dollars . I can go to the supermarket and buy them for less . This is absolute highway robbery !
 I always used Johnson 's Baby Lotion but was never a big fan of the strong scent . I was recommended the Bedtime Lotion by a friend who is a beauty consultant at a local department store and I do n't know how I got along without it ! I can use it at night before bed and when I wake up my skin is baby soft without a strong smell . I can use my regular lotions , body sprays , or perfumes the next day for work without having a lasting scent from using the lotion the night before ! I highly recommend this lotion along with the 24 Hour Moisturizing Johnson 's Lotion !
 I live in the desert where the temperatures are extreme , which is drying to the skin . My son has dry patches on his arms , and legs , which is easily treated with baby lotion . I noticed his dry patches fad quicker with this formula than with Johnson 's Original Baby Lotion . I 'm not sure why that is , but maybe it 's because I like the fragrance , so I 'm more inclined to use it . In the morning , I can detect the smell , but only slightly . That said , the fragrance of the Bedtime Lotion is strong . It 's so strong in fact that I 'm not sure I would use it on a newborn . That may sound weird ... but when my son was an infant , I bathed him in the morning . The Bedtime Lotion might be a bit overwhelming as an all day scent.When shopping , I was a bit disappointed when first cracking the lid of Bedtime Lotion . I could n't whiff the calming fragrance , because Johnson 's now seals their lotions . Actually , they warn buyers not to use if the seal is broken . Obviously , this precaution is good for buyers , but I see a downside to this as well . Shoppers already familiar with Johnson 's Bedtime products know that they contain lavender , and chamomile , so the seal is a safeguard . The remaining sector must read the description to discover this important fact because they ca n't smell the product before purchasing . Many might put the lotion back on the shelf if they were able to smell it first . Johnson 's does n't specify the lavender , and chamomile in the ingredients , only in the blurb . Why is this important ? Well , the ingredients have been known to cause problems in people with asthma , and allergies.In addition , I wish Johnson 's would re-design their lotion bottles to duplicate their Softwash product where the lid is placed on the bottom . The lid on the Bedtime Lotion is placed at the top making it difficult to get out the remaining squeezes . Overall , I 'm very pleased with this product as an evening lotion , because the fragrance fades overnight ; however , I probably would n't use this lotion in the morning , as the scent is a bit strong .
 This is the best it really smells nice and nourishes my baby . Pros .1 . Comes out easily2.Leaves my baby with a fresh scent3.Softens baby skin in about 1 week4.Not too perfumy5.Does not irritate babies skin
 I bought these darling baby burpies whenI was expecting my daughter because I thought they were so cute . She is now 5 months old and I still use them everyday , so I bought more . They are very nice quality and have been through so many washes . I use them on the changing table and for catching spit up . I have given them as shower gifts and they are always a big hit . They are fun to give , fun to receive and fun to use ! Enjoy !
 I love these burp cloths ! They are so cute and durable . They wash very well . The only downside is the cost . You can get something much cheaper for your baby to spit up on . These were a gift . I would probably not spend this amount of money on burp cloths myself . I pretty much use them as travel burp cloths and use cloth diapers at home ...
 These are all about style AND function . I love it when I find a product that does not compromise my sense of style . I never have to worry about urpies soaking through . Plus , my friends always comment on how cute they are . Highly recommend !
 I love these burp cloths . So , very cute and holds up wonderfully in spite of many trips through the washing machine and many messy clean-ups . I have given several as gifts and always a big hit ! Highly recommend .
 Our child loves this little sheep on a vine ! It comes with no means to attach it to a hanger , bracket , or clip of any kind -LRB- which are n't included anyhow -RRB- , so keep this in mind when ordering .
 very cute sheep . probably works better as a mobile for stroller than over a crib given the size . I 'm probably enjoying it more than my 2 months old at the moment .
 My daughter -LRB- 4 m.old -RRB- loves it!I would recommend this item to other people as well.It could be a nice gift for your friend also .
 I 'm a huge fan of no-frills yet interesting mobiles , and this one fits the bill . There are 2 detachable animals , a mirror , and a ring with a chime . It is very colorful and can be hung from the ceiling with an s-hook . If you are looking for lights , music , and cheap plastic , this wo n't be the mobile for you . If you are looking for a cozy simple fabric mobile , this is a good investment -LRB- as are most Haba toys -RRB- . Wish I 'd bought this for my first child ! One thing to note - it 's a bit heavy , due to sturdy construction .
 Simple , sweet design with adorable flying bears and a mirror to keep baby entranced . I just wish they 'd included a hook to hang it from . Otherwise , it 's one of the best old-fashioned mobiles I 've seen .
 I bought this mobile because I loved the way it looked and I hoped our little girl would like it well enough . I never would have guessed our little girl would LOVE it as much as she does
 My baby and I visit this mobile every morning and then at least one more time each day . She loves to look for the bear and the mouse and loves it when they kiss her .
 Very nice product and is exactly as was advertised . Will have to see over time how the toys hold up over time .
 I purchased this mobile for my daughter 's bassinet . She absolutely loves it ! She starts smiling at the white bear and goo ga ga-ing . It 's so cute !! The bear and the mouse have magnetic hands and there is a magnet on their back that allows you to remove them from the mobile . However , the magnet on the back of each character is not centered so they hang on their sides . Otherwise , this is an excellent product providing lots of entertainment .
 placed over babies changing table and she loves loves loves it ... . best part now that lil hands can hold toys to keep busy and entertained
 we think it is very cute , great colors , great materials ! and my little daughter , 2 month , loves to lie below it and watch it.one thing haba could have thought of is adding something to hang it up with .
 It 's strong and sturdy . It has three straps , two to tie it to the chair and one to strap the child in . My neice loves the colors and that it 's nice and high so she can reach the table like all the `` big '' people in the house now . The colors are great because my daughter has a blue/white one so now they can tell the difference in who 's is who 's . They both love them ! When my nephew is old enough we 'll probably get one for him too ! : o -RRB-
 This is a very practical , comfortable and good-looking booster seat for a toddler or small child . It is reminiscent of the booster seats from old-style diners , and seems much more appealing than some of the stiff block-like boosters out there . It is very easy to strap onto a chair , easy to clean , and easy to strap the child into . Unlike some of the booster seats on the market , this will look attractive with many adult dining sets instead of jumping out and screaming `` baby booster seat '' . It 's also comfortable for a slightly older child who still is more comfortable sitting a little higher while dining , which can help with neatness and table manners.Highly recommended .
 This is a great little booster seat . It 's very strong and sturdy and easy to clean . We have a high bar style table and my 2 year old is very secure in the seat . As other reviews said , it has adequate straps -LRB- three for your child and two for the chair -RRB- making it so the seat does n't budge and even my strong toddler ca n't climb out . The seat also has some cushion so it seems comfortable to sit in .
 I bought it for my daughter and the only complaint I had is that one of the ties was broken . but it was easy to fix and now works great ! She loves the fact that it reaches the table . It was also great because it was weighted for her , some seats I found were only weighted to 30lbs and at three years old she is over that . She likes the colors and the pocka dots . It was a great buy !
 I had the Flensted Sheep mobile for while my son was a baby , but I replaced it with the train mobile a few months ago . He saw it in a store and flipped out for it . I thought he was too old -LRB- 18 months -RRB- to care about a mobile -- WRONG . He wakes up excited to see almost every day .
 Arrived in perfect condition . Absolutely charming mobile . I did n't realize the trains required assembly when I ordered this . Upon seeing the cut pieces to assemble , I was intimidated . However , it was easy ! The pieces just click together . It was actually pretty fun putting them together . This is a very lightweight mobile ; the trains move and float around at the slightest movement of air . Soothing to watch and really cute .
 I registered and received this mobil as a shower gift . I almost took it off my register because of the reviews but decided to try it because I really wanted it to match the adorable bedding set . I 'm glad that I kept it on . I agree that the directions are not correct , at first it confused me because I was looking for more steps to do but actually it is less when you figure it out -LRB- it shows to attach the hanging ribbons to the plastic canapy but it is already done , all you have to do is slid it in place ! -RRB- . It attached to my crib securely without a problem . The only problem that I did have was that it hung too low into the crib , as if it would almost hang in the baby 's face . I just looped the ribbons around an extra time and it seemed to do the trick . Overall , I 'm satisfied right now , I just need a baby to put it there !! SOON ! It all looks great together , I really like the Hampton collection . Hope this helps .
 My husband and I got this mobile to match the Hampton bedding set and I have not experienced any of the problems mentioned by other reviewers.One thing to make note of however is that the assembly directions that come with the mobile are not for the exact model that this one is , so the instructions are not 100 % accurate . There is actually less assembly required for this one since the hanging pieces are already attached to the fabric canopy , so all you do is fit the plastic hanger pieces together ... -LRB- which you will want to do with caution as the picture illustration is backward to how it really has to go together and if you dont pay close attention you could try to force it in wrong and break it -RRB- . If your crib has wide top railings or round top railings then this mobile will not work for you as the arm has a lip that helps secure it that will not work on wide sections of railing.I still rate this a 5 because for us we had no problems at all and it really is a beautiful mobile .
 When we got the mobile it we fell in love with it , but it does not fit baby dreams cribs . We were dead set on keeping it so we ended up hanging it from the ceiling , eliminating the mobile hook and it looks great .
 I get it as gift from my Baby Shower and match whit all entire Hampton nursery collection in my Baby 's Room !!! is so cute and i do n't have any problem with this musical mobile ... the only problem was with my Baby he does n't like stay in his crib or bassinet now he 's 6 months and still he wo n't .100 % RECOMMENDED
 This is a nice blanket . Super duper soft . Its got striking colors . Worth what I paid for it -LRB- less than $ 22 -RRB- . I would never pay full price . Its a small square blanket . Excellent quality . I would definitely recommend it -- I 'm hoping it will be my babie 's `` woogie '' . : -RRB-
 This is an extremely rich , very hydrating product . It is excellent as a lip balm and for chapped skin as well . It can be used as a base to mix lipsticks in a palette , as an all around skin healer , and works amazingly well to condition eye lashes . This is a much healthier alternative to petroleum jelly , and a must have for all beauty mavens . I highly recommend it !
 This product is extremely thick . The texture is close to peanut butter , but it does not clog up pores at all . I only use at night . It is sticky , but I do not mind at all . I have smooth and rich skin next morning - after I wash my face in the morning .
 ... Okay so I 'm only 23 and I want to keep looking that way when I 'm 40 lol ! Un-petroleum Jelly is the best moisturizer that I could possibly recomend ! Use it at night , LESS than a pea size amount because you do n't want to be all greasy and slather it on areas like around your eyes , mouth , forehead ... your skin will feel so soft and supple and firm ! You can even use whatever type of moisturizer that you normally use , then put this jelly over it to REALLY lock it in ! Plus , it also removes stubborn makeup gently ... and again IT 'S ALL NATURAL ! Definately a must have for any woman !!!
 I USE THIS AS PART OF MY NIGHT TIME REGIMENT . I APPLY MY NIGHT TIME FACIAL CREAM THEN I PUT THIS ON TOP OF IT . IT SEALS IT ALL IN FOR A DEEP MOISTURIZING EXPERIENCE : o -RRB-
 One was given to us as a gift and at first I was n't excited about it . When my son first came home it was n't much fun getting up to check on him every ten minutes when he was asleep in his crib -LRB- he slept A LOT during his first couple months -RRB- . So I remembered this and dug it out . I could put him in this and carry him anywhere in the house without waking him . I could cook while keeping an eye on him , sit on the couch and not have to get up when he cried , ect . Not to mention it 's very portable so you can take it with you when visiting family for a nice safe place for baby to nap . I was very dissapointed when he outgrew it .
 I registered for this basket because I live in a 3-story townhouse and thought that having a `` portable '' bed for my baby would be handy . I was right - and this basket definitely fits the bill.It 's a beautiful basket , made of soft woven grass -- it 's flexible and soft , not rigid and scratchy like wicker might be . The foam pad in the bottom is about 1-1/2 inches thick and is firm , so no worries about suffocation . And it 's perfect for carrying my sleeping son from one floor to another without waking him.The literature that comes with the basket says it 's ok to use for children weighing up to 20 pounds ; I get the feeling that my little boy will be too long for the basket before he reaches 20 pounds , but that 's ok . The important thing for me was to have a way to move him from floor-to-floor while he was nursing every 3 hours . The basket is a little smaller than a standard bassinet ; I 've been using bassinet sheets on it and just pulling the extra fabric under the pad . Works like a charm.I 'd reccommend this to anyone who is considering a bassinet ... especially if space is an issue or if you have a multi-floor house !
 When shopping for my new grandson , this beautiful basket immediately took my eye and I had to purchase it . I continued shopping-filling it with his lst Teddy Bear and other items . Looking at it I could not only see a newborn nestled amongst the eyelets , but the opportunities of future use . For now this basket will serve as a miniature bassinett when he visits and later may be utilized to hold all of his special toys , books and keepsakes . As he outgrows it - I can see it utilized in a number of ways ... plants , flowers , books and even maybe the cat .
 This is a beautiful storage bin ! The size is great and the price wasnt too bad , but for it to be completely functional , it really needs a better way to pick it up . . handles , or an area cut out for your fingers . I 'm already somewhat concerned about grabbing it in the same places all the time , as it obviously ca n't be washed.By the way , I 'm seeing alot of reviews on here from people using this as a makeshift bassinet . Either the wrong reviews are posted here for a different product , or people think this is safe . I would not use this storage tub as a means of transporting a child anywhere ! Especially given the fact that the thing has no handles !
 This bin is super cute and looks great with the matching sheet in a blue room with brown furniture . But beware of the measurements if you are working with a tight space like under a changing table . Measurements said 10 inches high , when I got it it was actually 10.25 . That .25 is exactly what I needed to clear the top shelf . So disappointed to have to return . But found plain brown and blue bins that were smaller -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- that actually look pretty great .
 This is a good looking , well made storage bin . I got it for my daughter to stuff under her bed in the dorm.Note , it is soft-sided . The bin has a simple , but sturdy , wire frame . The ultrasuede fabric wraps around the frame , with a hard flat bottom . The ultrasuede wraps around the top of the frame and is held on with long velcro strips all the way around -LRB- on the inside -RRB- . `` Unzipping '' the velcro is how you remove the fabric for spot cleaning.The bin is soft-sided , because the sides are made up of the ultrasuede fabric -LRB- backed by a slim cushiony black fabric -RRB- , suspended between the bottom and the velcroed top . However , the sides are not real flimsy , either . I would n't use this bin to store nails and power tools , but it works fine for bottles of vitamins and dorm dishes or , of course , sweaters and other clothes.It looks very nice , not cheap . Recommended !
 The basket is beautiful . The very thin sheet is a little difficult to get on and off . The basket itself has an odor from the material used to make it . At six weeks old , my son is out-growing it -LRB- he was born at 6lbs 12 oz -RRB- . It is nice for traveling , though , and has served its purpose for me .
 Purchased these to use in the baby 's changing table . Very cute and nice colors . Went well with Lilly Pulitzer color scheme !
 While this is in the `` baby '' section I am using it for my 10 year old daughter . It is large enough for her 18 inch doll collection and another for her bountiful collections of yarn . Her room 's initial 30 second impression is clean and collected . I like the pattern of the fabric -LRB- although it is not as thick as you might expect -RRB- and the metal sturdiness of the top . It serves its purpose .
 I bought this for a friend 's baby shower . I decided to place all my gifts in the medium size bin , it all fit wonderfully and the colors match her nursery decor . It looked beautiful along with the other gifts , and my friend has ordered more from this website for her daughter 's nursery . The construction of this bin was well made , it took a few drops from me even before I brought it to the party . No tears to the cloth bin , the package it came in was sturdy , no shipping problems whatsoever . I highly recommend this product for a child 's room or nursery . Beautiful !
 I bought two of these bins - one large and one medium . I love the size and colors and that the material is removable to wash in a machine , but it still holds to the frame very snug , you cant even tell its removable .
 I love this bin . Deeper than I thought . They are well made and look great . Price was a bit spendy but worth it .
 Good quality . Bigger than I anticipated but very nice and did its job for me . I put all my 10 month old daughters toys in them : -RRB-
 The bins have soft sides and removable bottom reinforcement . Nice for a small toybox , but due to the fabric only sides -LRB- metal frame to support -RRB- it does not hold heavier or pointed objects well . I would be afraid that they would puncture the fabric . Overall , cute and functional in with the coordinating bedding and room decor .
 Second Nature bottles were great when I was nursing , since they allow the baby to control the flow of milk and as a bonus are no leak when turned upside down , etc. . The only drawback is they wear out quickly because the nipple top is very thin and our baby got teeth at three months and bites through them once in a while . We have to replace the nipples about once a month now that our 11 month old is exclusively on formulaBabys Only Organic Dairy Formula -LRB- we actually have him on the soy version , which is the ONLY organic soy formula not sweetened with corn syrup -RRB- . We 've tried other nipples , but since our son is used to sucking hard when he 's hungry , he gags on the high flow nipples and ca n't get enough from the lower flow ones .
 I have nursed my son , but wanted to be able to bottle feed when I was not around . We have gone through so many nipples and my son refused every one . I had heard of these nipples through the birthing class at the military base . I could n't find any in the local stores , so I was happy to find them here ! My son took the bottle right away with these nipples . They are soft , and have many holes to mimic a real breast . The only problem is when he got older and started biting . The nipples tear , making them useless . Even with that , I highly recommend these to any nursing mom who wants to introduce bottles . Well worth it !!
 I decided to purchase these because they were recommended in a childbirth class I attended , and I 'm glad I did . They really are comparable to breastfeeding , and I do n't have to worry about my son liking bottles more than he likes me . I have n't had them long enough to know if they wear out quickly , but so far , they are holding up great . I 've used them with the Momo Baby wide neck bottles , and the Avent bottles , because they fit both of them , and work with great with the bottles .
 I like this nipple a lot , and my baby has no problem with it . Having said that , I do n't like that it is n't rounded at all at the tip , and it is n't always easy to make sure that all the holes in the membrane get cleaned out . However , it absolutely is more like breastfeeding . We use this with Avent bottles with no problem .
 We live in a cold weather city and we love this , it is the best thing ever , we almost never go out with blankets since it is so snugly and warm that we dont need it . It is always on the bogabooo . I have a bogaboo frog and it works just fine . If the weather is warmer we just take it off and put it in the storage bag underneath . It has zippers on the sides so its really warm . and some butons that help you fold the top part and keep it in place if you dont need it to cover as much . It is the best thing !
 The product is well manufactured . However , the zippers are not very strong . I have a very lively a 18 months old that managed to damage the zipper with some pressure to the side .
 We 've had this for 8 months now and they are very durable , wash well in the dishwasher -LRB- both racks -RRB- . They 've been clanked around by two little girls and have done great . Colors do n't fade unlike other character dishes we 've had . Two super cute sets also mean you 've always got a clean dish on hand ! -LRB- Which means no fighting or having to do a last minute wash so someone gets a bunny plate ! -RRB- Love the quality and value for money . Presented very nicely in hat boxes for two lovely gifts . The hat boxes are sturdy enough to be reused as dress up boxes , too ! : -RRB-
 My Baby loves this playmat !!!!! it keeps her busy for a good hour . -LRB- that the longest I let her play , The hanging toys keep her busy and I can tell that she is visually stimulated . She also has a great time batting away at the hanging ojests . I also use it for tummy time . She is well stimulated and it keeps her attention as well . If you are looking for a great baby product this is it !
 My son seems to like his mat . He 's still young and not yet super active . I am pretty disappointed that the dangling toys do n't seem more baby friendly . They are hard plastic -LRB- except the mirror -RRB- . I find it hard to believe that my son will want to reach for them when they are n't fun to touch . We both like the bright colors and the mat is fun . I hope I can find some friendlier toys to hook to it .
 Our daughter is unable to sit up on her own so we were looking for an activity mat that could really engage her and stimulate her . The colors are extremely bright and the toys hang at the right height . I was nervous about the washability . However after washing in cold and air drying it turned out fine . No disfiguring at all . As far as stability goes the bar does seem able to fall over . However our daughter loves kicking it and while it wobbles it has yet to fall over . Like any other toy SUPERVISION is always a must !
 The border arrived sooner than expected and is absolutely adorable . It was relatively easy to put up -LRB- but did have some trouble matching in spots -RRB- . Bottom line is it looks great in the bedroom of my little princess .
 This is the only pacifier my daughter likes , she goes at it all day , great for soothing her when she 's unhappy !!
 This bowl is great . It does not slip of of the table or highchair.It holds up well also.I am buying another for my friends baby !! karen
 We loved it . KInda out growed it fast but it was wonderful . . He would swing for hours at a time and the different speeds were great . Great for a boy or girl because it was neutral and it reclines as well as sits upright .
 After reading several negative reviews here , I was a little hesitant about purchasing this but I did and I do not regret it!I read in a lot of reviews that the swing was too fast . Not true . I put my son in it for the first time when he was 1 week old and he was frightened at all , in fact he fell asleep RIGHT away , I mean , as soon as I pushed the button to start it . He sleeps in it often , sometimes it 's the only thing other than me that soothes him . -LRB- He 's now almost a month old -RRB- The only negative I 've found has been the music . Not the music itself just the duration . If you turn it on , you have to endure it for 15 minutes as there is no way to turn it off . So far we have n't exactly needed it anyways so we just do n't use it.I love this swing and so does my son . If it were n't for it , ther would be times I would n't get any housework done !
 This swing is exactly as I expected ... the sounds are nice , especailly the nature sounds . Was very easy to put together and fits perfectly in with our natural wood with dream teddy them . This swing is beautiful , but I do n't think this swing is worth as much at $ 130.00 ... . that other 6 speed one suggested on another reviwe looks like it doe sthe same thing and is just as cute . I guess it is the fact that you are paying for the wood on this swing ?? Overall ... great swing !
 My husband and I bought the Eddie Bauer swing after wanting to exchange a Graco 6 speed Swingomatic that we bought for another color . Although the the Graco works great and has great features , this swing is simply beautiful.Pros
 This was the first swing we saw that you could leave out when guests visit the home . The swing was easy to assemble , and is a solid piece of furniture . Unlike other swings we tried , this one has a basket that wo n't scrunch your baby up into a ball or swing too fast . It 's a perfect pace and comfort for the little one.We found the weight to be not much heavier than your average stroller . We do n't plan on moving it all to often ; after all , that 's what a portable stroller is for . The color scheme is A + . The batteries were very easy to install , and the speed and music controls are straighforward . Even though the music is somewhat antequated , it 's mostly classical and runs quite a while before it repeats . We also found the nature sounds to be convincing and pleasant even to us parents . And the open design makes it easy to take the little one in and out.The only real annoyance we found was adjusting the safety straps . However , they are really easy to snap and unsnap . Overall , this is a great swing !
 I bought this swing discounted as a floor model . I bought the extended warranty from BRU . I have n't needed to use it yet . This swing is beautiful however it does have a few fall backs . I loved this swing until my daughter had an accident -LRB- diaper -RRB- now I ca n't get the straps out to wash them . We had no problems with the motor or the speed . All in all it has been a good swing for us.FOR EVERYONE OUT THERE WITH THIS SWING
 it looks great , my baby stays asleep in it all night but it goes to slow for him to fall asleep in it . I have to put him in after he falls asleep . But still i love it .
 This swing works well and we love it . It 's not meant to be a compact , portable swing -- it 's a beautiful piece of furniture that works well , which is hard to come by . Most swings are plastic , cheap and ugly . We do n't understand other reviewer 's complaints . Buy it with the intention of keeping it in 1 room and you 'll be very happy . We keep ours in the kitchen - no more holding the baby in 1 hand and eating with the other !
 This swing is the best going !! It 's safe and secure with a great variety of swinging speeds .
 Son loves this swing . It was easy to put together , I did it myself at 9 months pregnant . Very sturdy , very high quality , nice music , 5 speeds to swing speed . Think you may be paying a tad more for the name then other swings but my main goal was to match the woods in his bedroom and this is natural colored so it worked out perfectly .
 I have all of the Eddie Bauer B is for Bear items -LRB- swing , bassinet , bouncy seat -RRB- and love them all . The swing is sturdy , my son is comfortable in it and I have n't experienced a problem with the `` too fast '' problem mentioned by others . My son weighed almost 9 pounds when he was born and it never scared him to be in it.The music on the swing is actually better than the music on the B is for Bear bassinet , even though it plays the same songs ! On the swing it just does n't sound so `` chimey '' , it 's more melodic . My son does n't like the nature sounds , but he does n't like nature sounds on anything . He 's a music boy.This is a beautiful swing , sturdy , not too `` baby-ish '' , with a neutral color scheme that looks nice in my living room . The bear is cute , too ! My son is n't really interested by the toys - but again that 's him , not the toys . He is n't interested in toys that dangle in front of him at all - no matter what the toy is .
 The swing is sturdy , attractive , and effective judging from the response of my granddaughter . The only drawback seems to be the bar containing the toys across the body of the swing pulls out too easily . This is not a safety hazard just a nuisance .
 I was disappointed to see that this got so many bad reviews as we love ours . I did not have any trouble putting it together and at the time was 8 plus months pregnant . Our son found it very soothing to nap in and now that he is older he enjoys just a swinging . I will admit it does move fast even at the slow speed but this did not bother our son . The toy bar does need to be jazzed up a bit but my son likes it . The music mode is ok - I wish it had an timer that you could adjust . It is very sturdy which I love and the fact that it is rated up to 25 lbs unlike most swings that the baby outgrows before he can even enjoy . We felt it was money well spent .
 I agree with some of the bad reviews on this item , but for the most part this swing is great . The belt on the swing is really difficult to deal with , especially if you have a crying baby that you are trying to get OUT of the thing . I learned though that you have to clasp both sides of the belt , and that makes un-clipping the belt much much easier . It can be very frustrating . The motor is kind of loud for a baby swing , but it is actually what puts my son to sleep most of the time , not the music . We have never had a problem with the motor . The music on this this is pretty annoying for my husband and myself , but the few times that we did turn it on my son did like it . My husband and I also have the high chair and baby bouncer that match the swing . It is a really good looking set . Bad things aside , I LOVE this swing .
 My 3month old son had a stubborn cradle cap which was n't going away with oil . I wanted to use natural shampoo the other brands had nature in the name but still had parabens . This product is really natural . It did a good job reducing his cradle cap . It also smells very nice .
 This product is pricy but it delivers what it promises . I have used it for 2 kids and it is so gentle yet effective . I believe it helped prevent cradle cap with my second child ... I wish I used it with my first born . Best part is that it smells great !!!
 This is the greatest product . I love this body wash ! I was startled when I found my daughter 's old body wash on the Skin Deep website with a 5 hazard score . After doing some research I came across California Baby -LRB- which only has a 1 hazard score -RRB- . Not only is it safe for my daughter , but it has a great smell and works really well . It is safe enough for my newborn as well . Although it is expensive , it is definitely worth it .
 I ordered this blanket to go under my daughter 's play yard so she would n't ruin my carpet . It is a decent size , and covers under her play yard area . The major complaint I have about the product is the colors . It really is much louder than I had thought . Also , in the product description it said it had places for toys to attach , but I did n't see that on my blanket . I will be keeping it though . Also , shipping time was very quick on this product .
 I have used this blanket for a while now with my potty training daughter . I had no problem with it like the other reviewer did . Worked great and functioned exactly as I thought it would . Great buy !!
 Bakground : I got the zooper bolero when I was looking for a smaller stroller for a cross country trip with my 2 year old . I had already gotten rid of the cheap umbrella because it was breaking my back at DisneyWorld . I started by looking at the Maclaren umbrellas too but I read too many negative reviews to try it for the price . I have had full sized and joggers also . The Bolero is a great overall stroller - for travel , malls , neighborhood , flat paths , bumpy streets , crowds , etc.Pros : Fabric , recline , folding , steering , napper bar , canopyCons
 Very pretty stroller , smooth ride . I am not sure if this stroller is worth the $ $ $ paid for it . It is not made all THAT great . The tray is flimsy , the tires are not made of real rubber ... only plastic . They could have done a better job .
 I love this pillow . Baby snuggles , no fear of daddy or big brother -LRB- when he sneaks in the bed -RRB- rolling over too far . Perfect allignment for nursing , and baby is safe from getting trapped somewhere or squirming away and getting into trouble . Light is a little dim-new mommies might still need a brighter one until they are more used to nursing , but after a few weeks it will be bright enough . The pockets for holding stuff are a little loose-my chapstick falls out , but my snack stays in fine . I love this pillow !!!!!!!!!!! Must have for nursing or bottle-feeding co-sleeping moms .
 Purchased this light after breast feeding in the dark with first child . This light has a very nice soft glow -LRB- and is a very soft fabric -RRB- that is a lot better than the other lights I have tried . The side pocket is very handy for pacifiers , breast pads , etc. . The only reason I give this product four stars is the internal light switch -LRB- which is located at the top of the pillow -RRB- tends to go upside down sometimes and therefore is impossible to push on until you rotate it back . Very annoying when it is go time .
 I was given this pillow by a friend after I mentioned that I was struggling to keep my newborn baby at my breast while nursing at night . It is a wonderful product ! At first I used it to wedge the baby to me and so she did not move at all while nursing . Before the pillow she would start nursing and I would doze off and then she would too and soon she would be howling because she 'd lost the nipple . The pillow solved that problem . Now that she is a couple of months old I do not need to wedge her that much as she can stay connected on her own . But I still actively use the pillow every night and during her nap time in the day . It keeps her safely on the bed and I do not worry about her rolling away . It is also great for keeping Dad from rolling on her during sleep . A must have !
 I used this nursing pillow during my second pregnancy and really enjoyed it . I like the night light function that stayed on for 30 minutes , it is just a soft glow . I also liked how it propped up my baby for nursing in bed . I used it right away when I brought my baby back from the hospital . I slept in a king size bed by myself with baby and this pillow . When done nursing I would slide away from baby and sleep on the other side of the bed . This worked well for me . My husband slept in a different room in a king size bed . I was in the spare room !
 Great for nursing at night without turning on a brighter bedroom light & waking your spouse . I would n't do without it . The timer feature is great if you fall asleep while nursing . I wish the entire fabric covering was cotton , but overall it 's a great product .
 This has been one of the best purchases I 've made . I use the Nurse N Glow every night . I 'm finally getting some rest and safely snuggling with my daughter , who is also sleeping well.This is a great product for breast feeding mothers .
 Great for toddler ! Seem be holding up very well . I 'd recommend this on over similar ones . It does take some time and effort to put it together .
 I bought this for our special-needs grandchildren ages 4 and 6 . They love it and it provides much-needed stimulation and exercise . My kids said it was n't hard to assemble and they report that it 's used everyday and has stood up to some serious play . I recommend it highly .
 love it ! wish the bar was more easily disabled and foldable like the legs . but it does just take moments to take it off to put it away . we live in a very small town-home and was realizing that the kiddos were not getting much exercise . So I had looked at these several times and this was THE best price on this brand . I have an 8 yr old girl , 5 yr old girl , & 20 month boy . They all enjoy this very much .
 I purchased this for almost 2 year old son . He loves it . He knew what to do right away and even when he 's not bouncing on it , he likes to use it as his special seat . Putting it together was easy . It does help to have a second adult to help space the bungee cord as you thread it . I also love that it is easy to collapse and fold flat when needed .
 Our son really likes this trampoline . He need the proprioceptive input and this trampoline delivers . We just got it , but it appears to be very durable and came very well recommended .
 We got this trampoline for our daughter 's 2nd birthday and she LOVES it . We put it in the living room so she has complete supervised access to it . She literally spends about 30-45 minutes every day jumping on it . -LRB- Not consecutively of course -RRB- It 's a great energy burner too ! It was easier to put together than I had read in some reviews , but yes , it was a 2 person job to put the bungee cord on . We have n't folded it up yet because she uses it so much . I would recommend this toy to every parent out there who needs their toddler to burn some energy . I would compare this trampoline to the exersaucer . -LRB- It 's a necessity for infants as this is a necessity to toddlers -RRB- Overall , great value for the price !!
 I bought it for my twin grandkids . they got right on it and just started jumping away laughing . They are 19 months old . They use a trampoline at tumbles when they go .
 We bought this for our almost 3 year old daughter for christmas and she has been on it non-stop . She absolutely loves it !!!
 My daughter loves this ! Was a little intimidated to put it together with all the comments , but it was n't that bad . It took my husband and me about an hour .
 This trampoline is awesome ! My daughter-turned-pogo-stick refuses to walk or even run ... I 'm pretty sure she 's part grasshopper . This bouncy is safe , especially once the kid realizes they can go higher !!! when they hold onto the bar . Very little scootching across the floor , the rubber feet work nicely to keep it in place . There 's a slight chance of a leg getting stuck if your child jumps close to the edge and slides under the loop cover , but the weight distribution changes enough that my daughter does n't like the way it feels , so I 've never seen her get close to that . I even consider it educational since it teaches balance . Overall , 5 star item , fantastic energy release and keeps the kiddie in one place :--RRB- My girl even does movies on this , the tension is about the same as a cot , so a couch pillow , a blanket , and a teddy make this her special snuggle zone .
 This is fun for my daughter -LRB- almost 4 -RRB- and is very well made . She has n't jumped on my furniture once since we have had it .
 Five-year old daughter here beside me tells me it 's great , and recommends 5 stars . Her 2.5 year old sister also agrees . need to be supervised as they are inclined to use the hand bar for more adventurous gymnastic efforts such as turning themselves upside down .
 I was a little skeptical when we were shopping for this , but it has turned out to be a great buy - our 2 year old loves this thing ! So do his friends when they come over for play groups.Pretty solidly built -LRB- sorry mom , 70 # weight limit -RRB- and seems pretty safe.A little tricky to put together - better labeling of the parts might have helped , but it probably took me less than 1 hour to assemble.Not sure `` educational '' category is the right question for this toy ... we are talking about a mini trampoline here .
 The trampoline is a hit . I ordered it in November of 07 and openned it days before Christmas to put together . It was simple to do , but two peolple is best for securing the bungee cord . They recommend two people in the instructions.I would recommend this to anyone with young children . Mine are 21/2 and 4 years old . The back end tends to lift a bit if they jump forward , so keep an eye on them .
 We purchased this for our 3 year old Granddaughter for her birthday and she absolutely loves it . From jumping to resting on it while watching her favorite DVD . She has 1 year old twin sisters and it is safe enought for them to enjoy also . The weight limit is up to 70 lbs . I highly recommend this trampoline for small children .
 I bought this for my 2 year old son for his 2nd birthday because he loves jumping on the beds and couches . He absolutley loves it and I love that it runs out all of his energy before bed . He calls it his jump jump and uses it everyday . I would absolutely recommend this product for energetic toddlers that like to `` jump jump '' .
 Perfect gift for a 20 month old boy . He and his parents , love it .
 it was a gift for a two year old and she loves it !! She knew exactly what to do with it . Immediately climbed on and began to jump . My only complaint is , it was so hard to find and thank you for having it available . You saved the day . I purchases another one 10 years ago and it was smaller and not as well made . I 'm very pleased with the quality of this one .
 We got this for our 2 year old son . He was jumping on the couch , our bed , his bed , so we thought this would be perfect for him and it was !! ... I am so glad we got this , he absolutely loves it !! He will jump , then lay and rest on it , then jump again ! The rubber grip for the handle was super hard to get on , but that was the only difficult thing about putting it together . It only took my husband about 10 minutes total to assemble it . Definitely worth every penny !! ...
 This product is a wonderful way to give your kids indoor exercise without taking up too much space . My twin daughters love to jump and be silly on this . Assembly can be tricky if doing it by yourself , but is not too difficult . Product is sturdy and attractive looking .
 My son is 3-years-old and this is a great outlet for excess energy ! He loves jumping on the couch and bed , so I thought this would be great for him . He absolutlely loves it ! It was easy to put together , it helps him burn energy on cold/rainy days , and saves mommy 's sanity when he has energy to burn ! It has also extended the life of the bed and couch ! Recommend it whole-heartedly . Would advise putting the handle against the couch since over-enthusiastic jumping can make the back-legs lift up when holding on to the handle bar .
 We gave this trampoline to our 2.5 YO girls for Christmas and they LOVED it !! It is very well made and easily folded to be put away . We like that there is a cover over the bungee that gives the spring so there is no risk of getting their little feet caught in there . It gives them plenty of spring action without being extreme . I did notice that the back side -LRB- the side opposite the handles -RRB- do come up a bit with one of my girls since she really jumps high . I took the advise of one of the previous reviewers and placed the trampoline against the wall and it was fine with no risk of it flipping over . I can tell that when they get a little older and they stop using the handle , the flipping will become less of an issues as well.Onto set up/putting it together . It is definitely MUCH EASIER with 2 people ! The instructions were clear and my husband was able to do everything himself . However , when it came time to put the bungee in , it was much easier to have me help him pull to get the mat centered . I would suggest a pair of gloves when pulling on the bungee , your hands will get chafed -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . Outside of that , it was easy to put together . All the pieces fit together easily and nicely.Overall , this is a good buy and safe with parental supervision !
 I purchased this for my 21/2 yr . old grandson for Christmas 2011 . He absolutely loves it , along with any of the other childreln using it . The folding capability is actually not a `` folding '' one , the handle can be unscrewed with knobs provided and removed , ego the `` folding '' . My only concern , and please realize that it would be the case with any of these trampolines , is that here it is 5 months later , and I have had to replace the bungee cord . Please check this routinely as i 'm sure the fraying -LRB- which starts at the metal grommet points -RRB- must have been happening until the cord snapped and gave way . Also be sure that the listed weight requirement is upheld especially for this reason . MMP Industries was very accommodating in sending me a free of charge replacement bungee cord .
 I bought this trampoline for my two years son and he likes it especially now in winter , is a lot of fun . Puting the trampoline togegther is at least two person job minimum . The cord is kind of tricky but with patience everyone is able to do it . The bad thing about it is that is not so stable when my son jumps on it it the whole trampoline moves so i guess i have to find a way to make it stronger . Even that i still think it was a good buy .
 My son received this as a gift for his birthday . The next morning we had to put it together right away . Ever since we put it together he has been jumping on it . It takes two people to put it together . I feel like this is more for a 3 and 4 year old because when my son jumps really high the back part seems to lift just a little , so a kid older may be able to tip it , not sure though . I do wish it was padded but I am happy they added a bar for the kids to hold on to . When my son is n't jumping on it he sometimes likes to sit on it to watch tv and even likes to eat his snack on it . As soon as he comes downstairs in the morning he runs right to the trampoline and starts jumping . Overall , it makes him very happy and that 's all that counts . We even bought another trampoline that is bigger and closed in for the backyard . The durability on this trampoline is n't as bad as some people are saying . Only issue I have is that it does lift in the back but very little . I just tell my son not to jump to high . If you have a rug or area rug I think it 's better for the trampoline . We have ours on the area rug when he is using it .
 My son 's OT recommended a mini tramp for him when he was 2 years old because he has SI dysfunction and the proprioceptive input from jumping on a trampoline is extremely calming and organizing for him.This one is very durable -LRB- although by now , 2 years later , the elastic bands are wearing thin -- wish you could simply replace the bouncing part without buying a new tramp as the frame is in excellent condition -RRB- . Safetywise , I like that it has a handle with a good , solid gripping surface , and there is very little lot of space between the elastic straps -LRB- feet falling between springs that hold a tramp 's bouncing surface is a major cause of trampoline injury -RRB- . I do not like that you must somehow anchor the tramp down to keep it from flying up during vigorous jumping -LRB- we put one corner under the wooden frame of a bed -RRB- -- parents , beware!Also , though the handle is collapsable , it is really difficult and inconvenient to collapse . We thought we 'd pull the handle down and store it under the bed between uses -- ha ha . No way.That said , the only other mini tramps with handles can not be collapsed , so despite its flaws , this remains the best mini-tramp with handle I have seen .
 My boys -LRB- 5 , 4 , and 22 mo. -RRB- love this trampoline . They use it literally every day . I like it because it is good indoor exercise , we can direct them to it when they are jumping on the couch , and it helps get the wiggles out . Also , I know it is good sensory input for my littlest guy who has sensory integration issues.Minor issues -- it was difficult to string the bungee cord -LRB- took two of us and some sweat -RRB- . Also , the handle rattles a bit in place when the kids jump . It does n't seem to connect as securely as we 'd like . The black locking screws were missing when the product arrived , but when we contacted the manufacturer they promptly sent them to us .
 We bought this trampoline last year for my 6yr old son , who was then 5 . He is now starting to grow out of it , but at the same time my 2yr old twins are getting into it . The twins are still kind of small for it , but I ` m sure they will get a lot of use out of it when they get just a little bit older . For now we keep it folded up in the closet and pull it out on rainy days , or when my 4yr old nephew comes to visit . This is a great toy . I just wish I had bought it when my son was younger so he could have gotten more use out of it . I ` m sure my twins will enjoy it just as much as he did .
 What I loved initially about this is it 's EASY to put together . I bought a different kind of mini-trampoline from Zany Brainy prior , and it was a nightmare to assemble . . and I finally sent it back . This one took 20 minutes to assemble!My 22-month old daughter LOVES it ! She always wants to bounce on it . We live in Seattle , so it 's perfect for rainy days !!
 This trampoline is a great product , I live in NEW YORK CITY , an the ability to fold the legs and handle - can make it very goood for compact storage . It is the only one on the market that carries the ASTM safety approval ... iT WILL ENCOURAGE YOUR CHILD TO EXERCISE AND KEEP FIT . You and your child will have hours of energetic play together .
 It is so durable and strong ! My son ,3 has been using it for a year and he loves it ! It is still in a great condition . What a great way for him to exercise ! ...
 We have had to move around alot lately while building a new home and moving to a very cold climate . This trampoline was relatively easy to assemble and it folds down flat so I can take it to a hotel or apt . It is a great outlet for my energetic 21/2 year old . She loves it and it has held up well .
 I HAVE PURCHASED THIS FOR MY GRANDCHILD AND HE JUST LOVES IT . WE ALSO HAD ALITLE PROBLEM WITH TIPPING , BUT AFTER CALLING THE CUSTOMER SERVICE OF THE MANUFACTURER , WE WERE ALL SET . WE HAD IT SET UP WRONG.THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT GALT AMERICA WAS JUST WONDERFUL . I HAVE READ OTHER COMMENTS ABOUT THIS TRAMPOLINE WHERE PEOPLE WERE NOT HAPPY WITH IT , I SUGGEST THAT THEY CONTACT GALT .
 Arrived quickly and was easy to put together . However , I had to order another because the mat that came with the trampoline was defective . Amazon sent another trampoline out the next day . Works great now . My grandson does n't use it as much as I thought he would though .
 I gave this trempoline as a Christmas gift in december 2008 for my nephew and according to their parents it was one of the best gift he ever had . He was 2 years old back then and play with it all the time . I had only good comments about it . I am now a step grandmother of two young children about 2 years old and plan to offer this trempoline again to each one of them this coming Christmas , this is a great gift for kids , it give them the ability to spend a great deal of energy ... I love it !!
 This is ideal for my daughter , who needs to learn how to jump . She absolutely loves it and it 's strengthening her legs.Putting it together was a bit of a sweaty job . You definitely need two people - no way you can pull the elastic rope tight enough with just one of you .
 We purchased this trampoline in 2008 for Christmas . My 3 year old son is still playing with it every day . Good Exercise and provides fun entertainment for hours . Everyone who comes to play at our house loves to jump on his trampoline . Definitely the best Christmas gift so far . Would recommend this product to anyone , LOVE IT !
 We purchased the Galt folding trampoline for our 2 year old granddaughter who loves to jump on everything ! It took some time to assemble and wrangle with the bungee cord , but it feels very secure . Our grandaughter loves it and now gets `` air '' when she jumps ! `` Air '' is the space between her feet and the trampoline floor and is an integral part of a pre-schooler 's physical development . Her brother is 5 and also enjoys jumping on the trampoline . It is so popular that their parents use a kitchen timer to make turn taking easier . The trampoline is on carpeted flooring and has not tipped in any way . Both children jump with or without holding onto the handle.The only danger I can foresee is a child jumping off the side of the trampoline and that may easily be remedied by placing the trampoline between a sofa and love seat or a sofa and a wall . So far the children have had lots of fun jumping and the parents have peace of mind knowing that their child is jumping in clear view and on a safe surface .
 This was my gift to my 2 year old grandson . His parents put in their bedroom and it keeps him occupied while they are getting ready . It was easy to put together and he and his little cousin had so much fun on it at his party . I will give my grandniece one for her upcoming 2nd birthday .
 This is a great toy for kids . My kids and their friends all love it . It 's a bit scary to see the taller kids jump on it however because it tends to want to tip over . No one has fully tipped and fallen yet because we are ALWAYS watching during jumping but potential buyers should beware of this .
 My daughter loves it ! It was a little bit hard to put together , but once we got it , she has been loving it ! Thanks
 The Galt Trampoline was well constructed and easy to put together . The physical exercise provided by this product is excellent especially during the winter months when daily outside play is limited here in NH .
 My daughter loves this product . I do get a bit nervous with how high she can jump but as the other reviewers posted I just put it up against a wall and the back legs do not come up off the ground anymore . The bungee was a bit difficult to loop through and tighten and I do agree that you need two people to assemble . I highly recommend this product though for a little one that has boundless energy !!
 I have purchased 3 of these trampolines . One for each of my grandchildren and one for my preschool classroom . It is great!Stable , durable , Safe
 Our kids got this from Santa and have been jumping on it sense . It 's great for winter when you ca n't take them out . Very durable . They also do flips on the handle and love it . Great buy , highly reccomend . Great price !
 My five year old granddaughter calls this her `` jumpoline '' and loves it as does her 2 year old brother ! Great and durable toy .
 We bought this for our 2 year old for Christmas and she loves it ! It was n't very difficult to put together , and it 's very easy for her to use by herself with the handlebar .
 My 2 yr old LOVES this product ! It was n't too hard to assemble and it provides hours of entertainment ! It 's a great way to get those extra sillys out before bedtime !
 This product was easy to assembly , its for 3 year olds . But our 1 year old can use this also its just the right hight ! -LRB-
 My two year old loves this . A friend of mine had it for his kids and my son would jump on it whenever we visited.We bought it for Christmas and my son skipped all the other toys left by Santa and jumped on this thing -LRB- called his `` jumping machine '' -RRB- all day.It is constructed of sturdy components and is very safe with a sleeve over all the bungie cords . The handle is very helpful to prevent fly offs or other injuries.My complaint is that is is a real pain to put together . It probably took me an hour and three attempts at threading the bungie cord through about 25 eyelets . The instructions were also pretty weak . But after getting it set up , the kid loves it .
 This is a great little trampoline for young ones . The handle makes it a bit safer . Kids can get some exercise and have fun bouncing , and parents do n't have to worry as much as with larger trampolines .
 I had to set up several for a day school program and was impressed by the engineering and the ease of set up . . then the kids went nuts and loved them . .
 This trampoline is awesome . Now I can tell my 5 , 3 , & 2 year old to get on the trampoline and bounce , not on the sofa and ottoman . It was easy to put together . You will need 2 people to pull the rope tight and get it looped around the connecter piece . This seems to be well put together in it 's design . I receive it a month ago and my kids play on it daily . They are on it now as I write this review . They will bounce , bounce , bounce and swing around the bar . The trampoline is easy to move from room to room with the fold in legs and the bar that is removable . The only drawback is if my 5 and 3 year old bounce very aggressivily and put a lot of weight on the bar while they are up in the air the back legs will lift off the ground . They have not tipped it over yet . Just keep a look out if you have an aggresiive child bouncer . We have rule only 1 child at a time , too . I love this trampoline and I think that this winter they can burn alot of energy .
 I bought this a year ago for my then 15 month old daughter . She 's used it quite a bit since then and it 's still in perfect condition . Granted she 's young and is only about 34 pounds now -LRB- at 27 months -RRB- so it 's not as if she 's heavy enough to wear out any of the bungee cord . I 've checked on the structure and it 's always been in perfect working order , nothing has shifted and not fraying . My husband had to help me put this together because it took a bit of strength to get the bungee evenly threaded thru and the bouncing area centered properly.I 'm only giving this 4 stars instead of 5 because this really is n't a ` Folding ' Trampoline . In order to put this away you have to pull off the legs and fold them in , then unscrew the handle bar off . It 's kind of a pain in the rear but we keep this in my daughters play room so we really do n't have to worry about storing it out of the way.Also , as with all trampolins this small there is a tipping hazard so you should supervise kids when using this . I have ours up against a wall so if it does lift a little it wedges into the wall . My friends have the triangle shaped trampoline that plays music . This one has about twice the jump space and is a bit more stable beause of it being on 4 legs not 3 .
 First of all I must say that we love this trampoline . It provides hours of fun for my two kids . It was a little tough to put together , but once done it 's great!IT IS NOT A FOLDING TRAMPOLINE , as it is called . We have a very small house and this feature was a major influence in our decision . However , it does not fold . I was under the impression that I could easily fold it up and store it when we were n't using it.The Handle Bar actually just unscrews -LRB- remove the bolts -RRB- and it comes off . But , you still have the legs that are about 8 inches high off the ground and they do not fold . So , this item can not be stored so easily . Plus , you have to make sure you store the handle bar safely and without losing the bolt and nuts .
 Good quality , reasonably durable so far , though the back legs can tend to rise up a little when the child leans forward on the hand bar .
 Easy to assemble , I did it myself but it would be easier with 2 people . Holds up great . My daughter is 21/2 and loves it more and more each day . She now bounces so high it looks like she could flip over the grab bar . No accidents yet .
 Ordered this mini-trampoline for my 3-year old . He loves it and wants to jump all the time . The handle is great for safety and for helping him stay put in the middle . The size of the trampoline itself is perfect - not too small . I was surprised that the edges are n't more padded ; the metal frame does have a cover but virtually no padding . However , it has n't been an issue as he does jump in the middle and stops to sit down and get off . The bungee cord broke after two months ' use , which seems a little extreme , but the company has said it will ship another cord free . I really like that we can fold it up and slip it under a bed for storage , but it usually stays out most of the time as my child loves this trampoline . It 's been great for early morning rev-ups and for rainy days . Well worth the investment .
 I purchased this trampoline and it is fabulous , we have had it for 4 months and I have twin 3 year olds , one really needs the movement to in better words to wake him up , he is very laid back , this was reccomended by doctors . . Now here is the problem , the bungy fraid off , broke , couldnt believe it ... I will replace it because we really need it , but the bungy is harder to replace , if anyone has an idea on how to fix it , please let me know . . Please check your bungy , it rubbed against the metal and ripped . .
 It 's a great indoor item . My kids , 11/2 and 21/2 bounce away on this trampoline . They get wonderful exercise and it can really work out their left over energy . It is made very well . I agree with another reviewer , it can tip with vigorous bouncing and my kids have bumped their mouths on the hand rail when not paying enough attention but I have no second thoughts about having it out where they can always get to it . It is a life saver for me , especially on rainy days when we ca n't get outside .
 Got this 2 years ago for my first child -LRB- now 4 -RRB- and she still enjoys it along with her little sister -LRB- 2 yr old -RRB- . It is sturdy and well made . I worried about falling accidents and though even the toddler slips , no one has been hurt . They each quickly learned to hold on and just what the limitations were , and that if they want to do heavy duty bouncing , they need to hold on . It is big enough that both can bounce together . It is great option to have around when they get energy surges on a rainy day or any time !
 Our 20 month old Daughter loves jumping . Before buying this trampoline , she would walk up to any object she could hold on to , and jump on the floor . Now she has a handle , and a surface much more springy than the floor . She LOVES IT . Her favorite is watching `` jumping J '' on Sesame Street 's `` All Star Alphabet '' video while jumping in time with the letter `` J '' . I was skeptical after reading reviews , and expected to receive a low-quality , cheaply constructed trampoline . That was not the case . I am a mechanical engineer , and I was very impressed with the level of quality , and sturdiness of construction . The price seemed high to me as well , but after receiving the item I have no regrets . To me , it is worth the price .
 My two year old was quite the sofa jumper . I wanted to redirect her desire to jump to an appropriate place . This did the trick ! We have an occasionally bout of jumping on the bed , but rarely.The only drawback is putting the item together . It can be tricky and takes some time . However , it is well worth the small hassle.The item is durable , fun , and promotes activity . If you have an active little one , I would say buy it for sure !
 Great product . Well-made , with nylon trim around the edges to cover the gap between the bungee cord and frame . Product delivered on time , with an e-mail notification of delivery date . Assembly a bit tough for one person , but completed easily with a second set of hands ! Directions stated the same , and they are correct . Your kids will certainly enjoy it !
 I 'm writing this now because after getting this toy 3 and a half years ago the bungee cord on it has finally given up the ghost . This was such a great toy , I 'm going to locate another cord to replace it.Our kids have loved this
 I bought this trampoline for my son who loves bouncing on the sofa and beds , and before I finished assembly , he started to hover over it and tried to climb all over it . He knew what it was for.Assembly took 15 minutes . The hard part was the anorexic instructions that consisted of images on a sheet of paper , not actual directions -- was my manual missing ? Getting the bungee cord taut was also harder without another person , but I did it myself by bracing my legs against the frame 's legs and pulling the cord back toward me . Be careful
 We purhcased this trampoline for Christmas and my girls have been using it quite often since and love it . On hardwood flooring it does tend to slide around a little so I think it 's best on a throw rug or carpet for security.We did notice after only a few days the blue comfort fabric on the handle was starting to tear in one area . I emailed MMP -LRB- the seller -RRB- and within a week they sent me a whole new handle . I was quite happy with their customer service .
 I ca n't say enough about how much we love this toy in our house.My favorite features : It easily folds up and slides under the sofa.The handle makes it easy to use for all ages - my youngest was jumping on it by the time he was 9 months old!We use it DAILY when we have it out - inside and outside.Right now , it 's outside on our back patio . When the kids quit using it so much , we 'll fold it up and stick it under the couch.When we pull it out again , you think they 've gotten a brand new toy!It 's the perfect winter time toy - they can burn off energy when it 's cold outside.It is made so well - better than any other one I 've ever seen.We 've had this one for 3 years now , and it still looks brand new - there 's not a thing in the world wrong with it , cosmetically or otherwise .
 After reading tons of reviews about trampolines for kids , I opted for this one . My child had already tried it out at someone else 's home , and LOVED it , so it was n't a tough choice.It 's basically the only one on the market that looks half way decent - most of them are full of neon star padding or some sort of unnecessary visual stimulation . I love that I can fold it up and put it away , and although many people wrote about it being incredibly difficult to put together , I must say , I 'm a single mom , and I easily constructed it in 10 minutes ... with an exuberant child hanging all over me . The amount of freedom this thing has bought me is worth it 's weight in gold !
 I wanted the folding trampoline so I could store it out of sight when not in use . Well , no need to fold it up - it is ALWAYS being used . My son loves this , and his friends do too . It 's a lot of fun , and is PERFECT for rainy days when they need to burn off some energy . There are only 3 things I do n't like : - He is able to lean on the handle -LRB- while jumping -RRB- in a way that causes the back feet to come up . He 's only 21/2 and nowhere near the weight limit ... so I think that 's a poor design . - The assembly is AWFUL . Luckily -LRB- thanks to reviews -RRB- we knew this . So hubby and I just started a movie and got some cocktails and took our time . I would say it took the two of us about 2 hours . It 's entirely because you have to `` feed '' the bungee cord through the loops , and tighten , tighten , tighten -LRB- which requires beginning at the beginning and feeding it through over and over again , until it 's tight enough . -RRB- - The handle is n't truly `` easy to fold '' . It 's screwed in at about 21/2 inches up the handle . So if you want to store it under the couch or bed , you have to unscrew this -LRB- Obnoxious -RRB- and it easily catches on things . I wish the handle had the same folding design as the legs -LRB- Simply pull and fold -RRB- . Otherwise , the price is good . The colors are cheerful . It 's a blast . We 've had kids 11/2 - 6 years on this thing and they ALL love it . And bonus - it makes a great `` fort '' or hiding place with some blankets and imagination . My 21/2 year old loves to hide under it .
 My grandson who was almost 3 when I purchased the trampoline loved to jump on it for a week or so but then his interest waned somewhat . He did learn to jump with 2 feet together though . It is not heavy enough in the back so lifts a little although it has never toppled over . It 's good exercise and I would buy it again .
 Our 2-year old loves this trampoline , jumping on it for quite some time every day , and lying on it to watch TV!It took a while to get it put together , but it wo n't fall apart any time soon!My only criticism is that it is too light . My husband is going to have to find a way to weight the legs this weekend . My son only weighs 26 pounds -LRB- and this is rated to 60 -RRB- and has already almost tipped it over when jumping vigorously , particularly when holding onto the handle , as it unbalances it.Other than that , he loves it , and it should last a while .
 I got this for my boys , age nearly 6 and nearly 2 . Despite the 3 and up label , it 's most fun , and perfectly safe for the very bouncy 2 year old . They both LOVE it , but after a few weeks use by the 6 year old , who is 45 pounds max , not 60 , it 's already showing significant signs of wear - stretched elastic , some of the stitching has come undone . Putting it together is not too hard , but it IS a 2 person job . Also it does n't fold flat quite as easily as I expected . It 's a worthwhile buy for small energetic children in bad weather , but shave about 20 pounds off the maximum recommended weight . And do n't expect to be able to fold it flat in 5 seconds and slide it under the futon !
 My nephew was given this trampoline more than 8 years ago . It has gone through 4 grandchildren and countless friend 's and neighbor 's kids . I have watched kids from just standing age to 6 years old having a blast on this trampoline ! My kids liked to put other toys on it while they jumped , the laughter was wonderful ! It is great for days when you ca n't get outside to burn off some of that energy . This product is worth every penny . Durable , Safe , and Tons of fun for the kids . Oh , by the way , it also folds down really easy for storage . -LRB- if you can ever get the kids off it -RRB-
 I 've had my trampoline for well over a year . I purchased it originally to help my son -LRB- who has mild CP -RRB- learn how to jump . It was a perfect aparatus for him to practice on . His PT brought it to our home for a trial and I knew immediately we would buy one . Ours arrived with a small questionable area -LRB- ? split/cut -RRB- of integrity on the jumping surface . The company was very reputable in sending a replacement surface promptly and free of charge . I have had no further problems . My children continue to jump on the trampoline very frequently and have great fun on it . My children are now 42 mo and 27 mo and are small for their age . I think that due to the size of this portable trampoline I would question it 's safety for very active and/or large kids older than 4 or 5 . When jumped on aggressively , the trampoline can lift/tilt upward opposite from the handle end . Unless you were to put brackets over the rear `` legs '' to stabilize them this could pose a safety concern .
 We bought this for our 3 year old son -LRB- now 4 -RRB- . He has loved it since the first day and uses it almost every day . He has enjoyed it immensely . Now for the bad side . The mat is not very durable . After a few months the stitching between the elastic and mat came loose . I took it to a tarp shop and they sewed it back together . Mow the mat is splitting and will have to be replaced . And of course toys r us does n't have the replacement mat so I 'll have to find it elsewhere .
 First of all , this toy is very popular with my 2 daughters -LRB- 41/2 yrs and 2yrs -RRB- . My younger daughter has gross motor delays and we purchased this to work on jumping ... WHICH SHE LOVES !! Since she is so young -LRB- and tiny -RRB- I am on top of her - trying to avoid her chin hitting the handle bar . -LRB- She does n't extend her arms out very far either -RRB- . Use extreme caution with children of ANY age . My 2 complaints
 We purchased a Junior Trampoline for our 4-year old son last Christmas . He has gotten much enjoyment from it , and we have found it useful on days when he ca n't go outside due to weather , etc. . However , he is quite rough on it . Several of the elastic bands that hold the rubber mat jumping surface on the frame have been stretched to the limit , and the stitching is beginning to pull loose .
 We gave this to our grandson for his birthday and he loved it and so did the other kids at his party .
 I 've had this for two years . My husband put it together and did n't find the assembly too difficult . Just pay attention to the orientation of the handle bar while assembling.My son used this in physical therapy to help him to jump . I also saw the same trampoline in his occupational therapist 's room . So I thought it 'd be great to have at home . He loves it . It took him about a year , but he finally got the hang of jumping .
 I first saw this trampoline at my friends house . When I saw our kids lining up to take turns jumping on it I knew we had to get one . So `` Santa '' brought this trampoline for my daughter for Christmas this year - she has n't stopped jumping on it every day since it came ! She LOVES it !!! It is the perfect place for kids to blow off extra energy while being stuck inside.I do n't have one negative thing to say about it . Assembly was fairly easy , it is sturdy , and has a great spring to the bounce surface.I wish I had room in my house for more of these ! A must-have for parents of young children .
 Purchased this product in December 2011 and gave it to my 2 yr old for Christmas.It was not to difficult to put together and at one point my two year old and her two cousins were all holding on to the bar jumping at once . So it is very durable . Well here we are a year later and this trampoline is still used by my daugther on a daily basis . It is great exercise and a great way for her to get rid of some energy . the legs lock in to place but still fold for easy storage and the handle comes off just as easy .
 My grandson loves it . He will keep jumping for a long time and it does wear him out . Good energy burner !
 This is one of my daughter 's favorites ! She has had it for 2 years and plays on it every day ! Highly recommend this !
 I love this trampoline because it does n't use springs . I never have to worry about my son pinching himself on springs ! It was a bear to put together and it took my husband a while to do it . My husband is really proficient at putting anything together and if he had a hard time - I could n't imagine someone like me trying to do it . With that being said , now that it 's been put together and we 've had it for 8 months - we LOVE it and would go through the hassle of putting it together again . = -RRB-
 My Kids love this Galt trampoline . They bounce on it every day . They can bounce a few times here and there throughout the day and sometimes bounces on it while watching T.V. . It is in our playroom . I think it is just the right size for them ! It did take two people to put together and some time . But it is worth it . It is made with a bungee cord instead of springs , which is much safer for kids . It has a cover for the edges so the kids legs do n't slip through . The bar is nice to hold on too for balance.The bungee cord did break once since we have had this item . But with constant rubbing on the metal frame it is bound to happen eventually . i do n't think it is a result of poor construction . He uses this trampoline a lot , and has put a lot of wear into it.Please let me know if my review was helpful ! Thanks !
 My 2.5 year old loves this . My 7 year old is under the weight limit too and enjoys it just as much . We have n't had any issue with slidding and its on a wood floor . Tying the trampoline was challenging but its tight enough and we are very satisfied .
 I got this for my son -LRB- 3 -RRB- for Christmas , and he really likes it . It 's a great way for him to burn off some energy when we ca n't get outside and play . Seems very sturdy so far . My only complaint is how difficult to put together it was . It took me a long time , and I 'm really good at putting things together . And I ended up needing help to finish stringing the bouncy part to the frame .
 I 'd been holding out on purchasing the trampoline for my daughter out of fear that she would become bored with it after some time . Boy was wrong ! Daughter ca n't get enough of jumping to music and just jumping to jump . Perfect for those rainy days .
 This is a great product , pretty easy to assemble and it folds up super easy for easy storage !! My son loves jumping on this trampoline , it has a bar with padding that kids can hold on too !! It does not slide around very much even on hardwood floors !! It also is great for exercise for young kids and tires them out for bed !! I highly recommend this product !!
 Got this Folding Trampoline for my Grandsons 3rd Birthday . He loves it and so dose his 19 month old brother.My son in-law said it was not easy to put to gether it takes two people to do so.All in all this product is made good and seems to meet all safty features .
 My kids -LRB- 4 and 2 years old -RRB- love our outdoor trampoline , so we got this for the winter months . It 's small enough to store out of the way and they love playing on it to burn off energy during the long winter .
 We ordered the trampoline with the hope of wearing our 21/2 yr old out and it does just that ! Beware however , he likes flipping over the handlebar as much as he likes jumping on the trampoline . Assembly was fairly easy , but it did take two of us .
 I remember as a child my Mom buying an indoor trampoline for us to jump on and any time we would get too wild in the house , my Mom would set a timer and make us just for 5 minutes . When we were done without 5 minutes , we were much more calm and relaxed . This model is an improvement of the one we had and my niece and nephew bounce on it EVERY day ! It is durable , fun and just may keep you from going stir crazy this winter !
 This trampoline has been great for my 6 year old!After having it a year the bungee cord busted . My son is special needs & was not very rough with the product , but I admit I did not do regular checks to make sure there was n't any slack -LRB- like it recommends -RRB- . So the best advice ... check the bungee 's frequently!I called galt customer service & they replaced all parts for free ! Their customer serv . was fast & helpful !!
 Great toy for little ones to burn off some energy . Easy to put together and seems pretty durable !
 Our two year old granddaughter loves this trampoline . She uses it for jumping and for resting , playing with toys and as a place to sit while watching TV . Her Dad and grandfather had quite an adventure assembling it . It seemed to be very difficult , but now that it is together it seems sturdy .
 We have had this trampoline for exactly 2 months , and my 2 year old uses it everyday when watching his DVDs . This morning , however , the bungee cord broke while my son was jumping on it . My husband was able to stretch the longest part of the existing cord enough to fix it temporarily , but we have to get a replacement cord because my son loves this trampoline and uses it so much . Besides the broken bungee , this is probably the best gift my son has ever received ! For a child who loves to bounce , this is a great toy to have around -- especially on a rainy day !
 Bought for my 21/2 yr old grandson , easy assembly light weight , he simply loves it . He has even taken naps on it , loves to bounce bounce bounce . My daughters friends have asked where we got it there kids , love bouncing on it also .
 Great product . My daughter 's preschool has one of these and she loves it . We got it for my kids for Christmas . My 1 year old daughter ca n't seem to get enough jumping in . I love the fact that it has a handle bar to hold onto . Tough to put together though . You definatley need two people to put it together and you need to read the directions thouroghly before putting it together . Once its put together though it is wonderful . Great way for the kids to get in exercise and use up their energy .
 This trampoline took quite a bit of time to assemble but seems to be pretty sturdy now that we have it put together . My 20 month old son thinks its more of a jungle gym than a trampoline but I am sure he will figure it out . It does not tip over when he hangs on the handle bar from the wrong side . I like that it has bunjee cord instead of springs so he cant be pinched by it . Maybe it will be more springy when he really learns how to jump on it or maybe he just needs to weigh more . Right now he weighs 30 lbs . I like that the legs collapse so easlily but the handle takes a little more work . But altogether it seems well built and I would recommend it to a friend .
 It was fairly easy to put together . It is durable , we have had it out since Christmas and he jumps on it on and off all day long . And it has helped with his balance . I would definitely recommend this to other parents . And I did get the best price on Amazon . I checked out several other kinds and this one had the padding around the edges which is a good safeguard .
 Great product . Our daughter loves it ! Make sure you read the directions carefully . It took me three tries to get it together correctly and would have only taken one had I not rushed through the directions .
 This is a great toy for any little one with extra energy to burn . My little girl jumps throughout the day . She is only 2 and is already challenging herself on it . At her weight she really gets some air - we will see as she gets bigger.The trampoline was fairly easy to put together with two people.I spent a lot of time searching , and this was a great price .
 My two daughters -LRB- ages 4 & 21/2 -RRB- thoroughly enjoy their new indoor/outdoor trampoline . It seems to be very sturdy , and it was n't too difficult or time consuming to assemble . I was inspired to purchase a trampoline after I saw how much my 21/2 year old enjoyed jumping on one at her Tumble Tots class . I do fear that it may eventually fall forward when they jump , but knock on wood , it has n't happened . My kids like to swing from the bar , but I try to discourage that immediately . The only real problem we 've had with the trampoline is the sharing factor . You know how kids can be ? Regardless , it is instant entertainment with just the right amount of exercise for your little one .
 My toddlers now have a great place to jump that is n't my couch . What a great source of fun and exercise ; my 3 year old works up a sweat . The handlebar makes it so safe and gives him the challenge of learning to let go ; great practice for the big outdoor trampoline which will surely be a next step for my lil bouncers.Galt New Nursery Trampoline
 I bought this trampoline for my granddaughter 's third birthday . It was the hit of her birthday party . We had to put time limits on each child 's use of the trampoline so that everyone would have a turn . It folds up and is out of the way when not in use which is a great feature . I highly recommend this item as a long lasting gift idea that will be around long after other toys are broken and forgotten .
 I 've only had this for about a month , but my 2 year old absolutely loves his trampoline . It 's a decent size with enough room for him to do `` seat drops '' that he learned in gymnastics class . It seems he 'll outgrow it soon , because he jumps so well , but I do n't think it will ever get boring . I did n't want to spend a ton of money on a large trampoline + we do n't have the outdoor space , so this fits perfectly with our situation . He 's never had an accident , fall , or otherwise , so that makes mom happy .
 my son loves it so much he sits on it when he does n't feel like jumping on it anymore .
 It is so durable and strong ! My son ,3 has been using it for a year and he loves it ! It is still in a great condition . What a great way for him to exercise ! ...
 I am very pleased with this toy . It is very sturdy and quite easy to assemble . I also would like to mention that even though the weight limit is for under 70 pounds , my older child has played on it and did no damage.One downfall , the pad that goes around the edge has velcro closures . these come unfastened when the trampoline is in use .
 My 3 year old loves it as much as I do . Now she jumps on the trampoline and not the couch . She can bounch on it for so long and does n't want to stop . And it helps her burn off energy . It is a bit hard to put together . But it is so worth it . I highly suggest anyone getting this . Go for it . It IS worth the money .
 This is a good item for children with a lot of energy who like to jump on furniture . My 3 year old son loves it . It is sturdy although I think a bit too light weight so you have to be careful when setting the angle of the handlebar so that the trampolene does not tip over when in use . The only assembly problem we had was trying to get the rubber pad onto the center of the handlebar . My husband struggled for the longest time and finally gave up . The folding feature is great for an apartment .
 Oh , god ! Not another 5 star review . Well , yes it is , and with reason . I have two girls , now 7 and 4 . We have had the trampoline for 3 years now , and they still use it every day . They fight over who gets to jump on it EVERY DAY ! Can you name any other toy that can come close to that amount of utility . I ca n't . We live in NYC , so this has been very handy when the girls ca n't go outside.Some issues
 My son -LRB- almost 3 years old -RRB- loves his new trampoline . It seems pretty sturdy -LRB- so far -RRB- but he is able to get the back legs off the ground when jumping . He only weighs 32 lbs but is very active . I worry that the trampoline will flip over one day , especially as he grows and becomes stronger.I rated 4 stars for education because it allows him to get the `` wiggles '' out so that he is then better able to concentrate when drawing , reading , etc.When the package arrived , the box was dry and it did not appear to have ever been wet . However , several of the metal legs/parts are rusty . It does n't affect the performance , but I would have liked to receive a product without rust . Also , it was missing one screw . My husband had to go to the hardware store and purchase a screw of the same size so that we could complete the assembly.Overall , I am very satisfied , though . My son loves this trampoline . Despite the rust and missing piece , I would probably purchase one again .
 This is a great trampoline . My 5 yo loves it , and has had it for a couple years . He jumps on it a lot and it still looks new . The handle is nice for extra balance -LRB- although as my child has gotten older he does n't hold the handle as much -RRB- . The fabric around the outside keeps them from jumping through the ropes on accident . The legs can pull off for storage , but we have never stored it , it gets used all the time . I 've seen other brands of trampolines at friend 's houses , and they either do n't have the fabric outside -LRB- dangerous -RRB- or they are already saggy in the middle -LRB- lame -RRB- or they have lots of extra buttons and gadgets on the front for noises or sounds or something -LRB- unnecessary -RRB- . This one seems great.My only caution is that if your child likes to jump REALLY high while holding the handle , they might push on the handle causing the trampoline to tilt a little . It 's not that much , but I am super-careful so I put the trampoline facing the wall -LRB- handle side to the wall -RRB- to prevent any accidental tips . Also , my husband said the bungee cord rope was really tight and hard to put on , so just plan for that when you assemble it .
 We recently purchased this trampoline after the One Step Ahead trampoline my daughter had got recalled . As far I can tell this trampoline is almost identical but cost much less . My 3 year old gets many hours of enjoyment jumping on it and is probably one of the best toys we have purchased for her .
 Seems to be a little pricey for what it is , but it seems to be a decently sturdy product . Not sure about the bungee cord yet ... As stated by other reviewers , it took help from another person . Just to hold tension as I pulled more of the bungee from where it was already laced through . It was n't a very difficult assembly . Just make sure that you look at the picture and ensure proper placement of the attachement for the handle . I put the frame together wrong and did not figure it out until I tried to place the cover on -LRB- then had to take it completely apart and repeat -RRB- . The directions were n't clear about the frame assembly . Even with that misstep , it only took me about 45 minutes.The kid I bought it for absolutely LOVES it , though . We 'll see how it holds up ...
 This is a excellent product for motor skills in a younger than 3 years group , due to the extended handle ... which other like products do not have .
 I did A LOT of research about it before I bought and ended up buying a GALT - it is the model that is listed on Amazon right now for $ 136 , which , I know , seems pretty steep . But , the reasons I chose it were
 Fairly easy installation instructions . My 20 mn old was introduced to this trampoline at a friend 's house . I got one and all the kids in the neighborhood are enjoying it .
 My Granddaughter is a very active 2 year old . She loves to jump on the ground , so I thought why not give her something springy to jump on . This was he favorite Christmas gift . Amazon offered it at a great price . It was a slow assembly , but worth it . Great purchase !
 I am a big fan of this product . The kids love it , I have had children as young as 8 months jumping on this all the way to 8 year old 's . This is the one toy in my daycare that gets used everyday , without question . A few things I did not know about the product before buying it : - Putting it together takes 2 people and a bunch of patience . - The metal connections of the frame will start to rip your bungee cord . Once I noticed what was happening I cut some strips of fabric and wrapped and tied it around the cracks in the metal frame where the pieces of metal met . This has given the bungee cord a smooth surface and slowed the friction and ripping of the cord . Wish I would have done this from the start . - The handle of the trampoline does NOT fold down . The legs are really easy to fold , but the handle you have to unscrew . Mine is a tight fit and not easy to get back on as easily . Not the quick storage I thought it would be but to be honest , the kids are not happy when it gets put away so I have not really stored it for breaks like I thought I would anyway.Overall , I love this product and am really glad we bought it . I watched the price on Amazon for almost a year before buying it and was thrilled when it went under $ 40 close to Black Friday in 2011 . We have been using it for over a year and it has held up well with the exception of the cord ripping mentioned above .
 I bought this for my niece last Christmas and she loved it . She started bouncing immediately and kept going for over 20 minutes ... she only stopped when she was about to collapse from exhaustion . Stores well and is good exercise . It does take some strength and dexterity to weave the bungee cord thru the frame tight enough to tie so you may need some help if you struggle with hand/arm strength . Great active toy for a little one .
 My 5yo and 3yo have played with it for two years now and we have yet to have problem . I was hesitant to spend this much money on such a small trampoline but it 's been totally worth it considering the hours of entertainment provided . My husband said assembly was a bit of a hassle but we 've never had to re-adjust it since day one .
 Got this for my childcare . All the kids love it . The folding part is helpful but still hard to move in and out of my inner garage door where I store it due to long handle . It has been a good purchase but due to much use the cord got frayed and I need to replace it . Otherwise , I found it a good value .
 This unit was expensive , and took two people to assemble in order to get the bungee chord evenly distributed and tight enough . Once together , my then 18 month old and now 3.5 year old jumped on it for at least 30 minutes a day almost every single day . This is a BIG hit in our household and with kids in the neighbourhood.Children DO need to be taught basic safety skills -- like not intentionally rocking the trampoline or going over the handle by not jumling properly and putting too much weight on the handle as opposed to just using it for balance when needed . Most children understand the common sense of this , however , and we find they opt to bounce without holding the handle at all once they are a little more skilled.The bolts do come loose and require retightenning on a somewhat regular basis -LRB- bi-weekly for us -RRB- , and we have had to adjust/fix the bungee cord once in these last two years too . We know another family who had to replace their bungee cord and did so with another they purchased at the hardware store.The bungee makes it substantially safer than springs would be however , and I like the exercise kids get from it , which can be adjusted as the bungee is adjusted . My son jumps on this when he watches TV -LRB- rather than just sitting -RRB- , or other times just for the fun of it.I gave this a 4 star rather than a 5 star -LRB- tho we like it better than any other we have seen -RRB- because of the expense , having to tighten and readjust things , and because it has to sit out as opposed to somehow folding flat and tucking away . Though it gets used with too much regularity to really put away anyway.All in all , a good but . Especially now as we are expecting another bouncing boy !
 I decided on this trampoline because it was just the right size and the stars were cute for a little kid . When I received the trampoline it was just plain red.It was not the one I ordered .
 We got this for our 2 year old son because he was jumping on the furniture . We bought this so that he could have a place to jump and not get in trouble and he absolutely loves it . Well worth the money .
 My 2.5 yr olds daughter was having trouble jumping so I purchased this trampoline as per her therapists request . She has since began almost jumping . When kids come over and see this toy , they immeidately run to it ! I would say its a hit . It was close to impossible to put together though . My husband was cursing and had robe burns on his hands . I would say 2 people need to put it together the entire time . Overall a good toy !
 Our 4 year old wanted an indoor trampoline and this was the best one we could find for the purpose.It 's sturdy and seems to be a quality product.If you do n't want to have to reconstruct it , do n't let your father-in-law try to build it first .
 It was quite the pain to put together . However , you can purchase replacement bungees -LRB- though ours shows no wear and tear at two months of vigorous use - when I was shopping no other models had available replacement parts . When the kiddo really gets into the jumping and holds the bar , it does tend to `` buck '' a little , and she is only 27 pounds . I imagine it would tip worse for a bigger child . As a heads up , the bar is pretty unneccessary . She used it the first week or so , and now never holds it -LRB- it is almost a hazard , and I am likely to take it back off soon . Without holding the bar , the trampoline is very stable and does not tip or `` buck '' . All in all , she loves loves loves this toy , and uses it 4x more than any other Christmas gift she received ! It sure makes me feel less guilty about letting the TV run so much during the day ... It 's also great to cheer her on it when the weather is foul out and she needs to burn some energy . I will keep this up and in running condition until she out grows it , then will get a larger/sturdier model.My only real complaint - I ca n't figure out how to fold it up when , for when company comes . Anyone ?
 Bought this for my grandson , he just loves it . It is prone to tipping forward when holding on the the handle and jumping . Would only reccomend for a 1-2yr old .
 My grandson -LRB- 2 years 10 months -RRB- enjoys this very much ! He was doing all kinds of jumps and exercizes on it .
 The trampoline is great fun ! My four-year-old granddaughter jumps endlessly . She assures me she loves the trampoline . Assembly was somewhat awkward and directions could have been more detailed . The term `` folding '' is a little misleading as you must use a tool to disconnect the handle before the legs can be folded for storage . This is not a quick putaway at the end of the day . The frame is covered with padding for safety . Overall it has been a great investment and outlet for that wintertime stored-up energy .
 These pads are really great . They are thick and squishy and fit well onto edges . I put these on my hearth as well as the shelves of our entertainment system . The only problem is that they are n't as sticky as I would like . Although part of the problem is that my hearth is rough brick and not smooth . I have used velcro pads in the past and definitely prefer these .
 I bought this because my son seems to have sensitive skin . He has had no reactions to this lotion . The super sensitive has no fragrance which is nice if you have sensitive skin .
 I bought this bubble bath for my four-year-old son . Because it is natural you have to agitate the water to make a lot of bubbles . My son uses a wire whisk to do this and has a blast doing it . Also , it comes with a bubble wand so I blow bubbles into the bath and my son loves it ! They smell fantastic ! I love this product .
 This is a wonderful bubble bath -- safe and natural . It smells great and my son loves his bath so much . Maybe a little expensive for the amount you get , but then again it is so much better than anything you can buy at the drugstore .
 This product has nearly 101 uses ! Personally , I use it as a toner for my face ! We use it to treat scrapes and other boo-boos . We also use it for the intended purpose and it works wonderfuly , even on basic toilet paper - no need to purchase wipes which can irritate the diaper area even more . Since switching to this product , we 've no longer had to use diaper creams or powders . I recommend all California Baby products , and the prices offered for the multi-packs here on amazon.com or amazing !
 This is the one of the best products I have ever used for my twin boys , who ae now 21 months old . The product is great for cleaning and disinfecting the diaper area as well as for cuts and scrapes anywhere on the body ... it 's a great product ! My boys have never had a diaper rash and I think it 's because i use this product with every diaper change .
 I use this product at each diaper change-works great to get `` stuck on '' stuff off of there , if you know what I 'm saying.Discovered it when we noticed an irritated patch on baby 's bottom . She had been tensing up when I was wiping , but when I sprayed this on she relaxed . So I have been using it as regular diaper maintenance ever since.Additionally , I have used it on myself with heat rashes and cuts and scrapes . It really cools and calms angry skin . The label says this is a `` great boo boo spray '' and I wholeheartedly agree!I would HIGHLY recommend , my family is a huge fan of this product .
 I am very happy to have purchased this item . After cleaning up poop and pee diapers it is good to have a wash to use after each diaper change . i highly recommend this product to any parent .
 I purchased these diapers based on the previous reviews ; I only bought two just in case I did n't like them . They have ended up being wonderful diapers ! I love the extra soaker pad that snaps into them , and they hold for quite a while before needing to be changed . I have not had an issue with either of the diapers leaking.The reason I only gave four stars is because the velcro wont stay down when put in the washer and dryer . I have also had an issue with the entire velcro pad staying down when my son wears one of the diapers . I am sure over time it will be used less because of this issue , but they are still great . It could also just be an issue with the diaper I received , because it is only one of them that has the problem .
 I love these diapers , they are so cute !! I typically use bumgenius diapers but wanted a few backups and I really picked these for the cute prints . I am more than happy with my purchase .
 This item was given to a new mother as a gift and as far as I know , she loves it . The material is extremely soft which is not the case in many of the other cloth diapers I have seen . So we were happy with the softness for the baby 's skin .
 I have not used this product yet , but it seems very soft and likely to be very absorbent . It looks way too big to fit my seven pound newborn , I have n't even tried .
 I bought 12 of these diapers when I decided to start using cloth diapers on my 16 month old . We have been using them for a week . I really love these diapers . We have had a couple of leaks , but it has been mostly trial and error on my part.My tips about leaks : - Make sure the diaper is 100 % dry before you use it ! They do take a lot of drying time - more than 40 minutes on high in the dryer.-If you snap the doubler in the front , make sure it does not go to close to the waist of the diaper . This happened today and his urine went right out . Do n't know why the doubler was so high up . Maybe it was for a prints and I used it in a solids . I usually use them in the back anyway.-When you put the diaper on a wiggly baby , make sure the sewn in soaker is smoothed and in proper position.Other notes : - I use flushable liners since my son is on table food and is teething . For new moms , this means poo that is not solid ... However , the couple of times I skipped the liner and had to clean up the diaper , a bit of toilet paper and a good rinse in the sink took care of it . Or get a diaper sprayer...-The diapers have come out looking like new after every wash . I 've only done a few washes , but so far , no stains or smell.Drawbacks : I personally think these will be very bulky for a newborn . But I have n't tried it either . And of course , it would depend on how big your newborn is.If your baby has chunky thighs you will have to play with the snap settings a bit to keep him/her from getting red elastic marks on his thighs . I hear that Happy Heiny 's do n't have elastic leg casings and wo n't leave marks . Have n't tried them yet as they are sized diapers , but it 's something to consider .
 These diapers are my favorites , followed closely by Bumgenius . I 'm a fan of AIOs and Pocket diaps , but you should know that when I ordered these I ordered the snaps AND the touchtapes , and the ones with snaps did n't come with a free insert . The ones with touchtape were all there.These diapers are pricey , but the best quality . THey dry fast and are super , super absorbent . I absolutely love them ... and they are the only ones on the market to come in cute colors and designs . yay ! Save all your baby money and spend it on a good set of these instead of all the other stuff your baby will outgrow in a few months .
 We started using these diapers this week and we love them . My husband likes the snaps whereas I like the snaps and velcro ones equally . We are so excited because when our first baby was born we wanted to use cloth diapers and never found ones we liked , so we resigned ourselves to using disposables . These absorb well , they fit well , and we have n't used any disposable diapers this week . My older daughter -LRB- 4 yr old -RRB- loves picking out which diaper -LRB- color and design -RRB- we will put on the baby/toddler -LRB- 14 months old -RRB- and we will definitely be using these exclusively with our next baby from birth onwards . Thank you for such a fantastic product !
 I normally do n't buy velcro diapers but these are great . I feel that the velcro fits better than the snap versions . The velcro version are smaller and slimmer looking . The velcro tabs are heavy duty and still looks nice after several washes so far .
 this strap is easy to attach , quick to detach , holds any size baby cup or bottle , and when they throw it , it stays upright unlike other straps I 've seen/have so leaky sippies do n't leak . Quality construction . made in usa .
 This is such a simple idea , and it works great . I had been looking for something to keep my daughter 's bottle from being thrown on the floor for awhile , and this worked perfectly . We brought it on our Caribbean cruise with us , it attaches to anything - car seat , stroller , handle of a shopping cart . . I also like that since it is so stretchy you can use it with any type of bottle or sippy cup .
 I was looking for a way to keep JR 's bottle with him -- I came accross this item and had to get it . What a wonderful idea . JazzE company has been great both times I have ordered !
 I love this product . You get two large bottles of aromatherapy spray , which makes it convienient to keep one on the changing table and one in the diaper bag . It smells really good - it 's not overpowering , but it smells good enough that it makes you want to use it all the time . It truly is a calming , cheering-up sort of scent , and my baby loves it . I spray it on his blanket before I rock him to sleep , and by now , the scent alone makes him feel relaxed and sleepy . The scent is not chemically or even too `` babyish '' , so I can even give myself a spritz and enjoy the aromatherapy . I highly recommend this one !
 I started using California Baby 's calming oil with my baby when she was a few weeks old to sooth evening fussiness . Now , at four months , her eyes light up every time I squirt the oil in my hands and rub them together to warm the oil . It 's lilke she can anticipate the pleasure of the massage . It 's definitely helped her fussiness and she sleeps well too .
 This item was shipped very quickly by amazon as usual . The corner cushions were a little larger than I expected , but I liked this fact to do more cushion . I have a chest that has four corners with metal caps that if a child were to fall and hit would cause serious injury . After I put the cushions on , I now feel completely at ease about letting children play around the chest.The only con was the tape was a little tricky to apply . You will get through it though .
 So far neither of my boys have been able to rip them off , which means alot in this house !!! They have alot of cushion , I have ran into the corner twice and it finally did n't hurt or leave a mark ... LOL I would say that this is a very very good buy !! I also doubled up and put one on top and another one on the bottom for extra protection
 These corner guards are very similar to ones I had purchased a number of years ago for our coffee table . The last set stayed on for about 2 years until I decided to take them off . This set appears to be identical and should last the same amount of time . Perfect for protecting toddlers and babys from nasty corners on the edges of tables . Easy to put on - just peel and stick !
 I bought these to baby proof the corners of our furniture for our soon-to be toddler . They have n't come off , even though he likes to chew on them .
 There are not many options out there which are black in color . I first bought the Roost Edge Protectors & sent them back immediately . Then I decided to try these out . They work great , soft material and do n't look garish on my kitchen table . I stuck them on my table after my toddler was tucked in bed for the night . They thus had all night to stick to the table and my toddler did n't have his attention drawn to them since he did n't see me put them on . He has not touched them and they are firmly set .
 We bought these to put on our piano bench , which has very sharp corners right at baby/toddler height . We applied them at night so they had time to set before he tried to pull them off the next day -LRB- with no success -RRB- . They were pretty easy to put on , though time will tell what will happen in a few years when we try to remove them . They 're very substantial and cushiony and I feel baby is adequately protected . -LRB- We also like the corner guards by Prince Lionheart , but they did n't have them in black . -RRB-
 This corner cushion is very soft and does the job . We also bought a set from IKEA , but the Cardinal Gates Cushion is much softer compared to the IKEA one . I strongly recommend this product .
 I do n't have children , however I own an IKEA malm bed with razor-sharp corners . I kept hurting my shins with the corners due to the tight space in my studio and having to navigate around the bed to get to my closet . I ordered these in black and it blends in perfectly with the malm black-brown veneer . It was easy to install with the included double-stick tape . It remains to be seen if this leaves a residue on my furniture . You can hardly tell the corner cushions are there and my shins are much happier .
 The corners of my wooden bed frame are really sharp . I have scars to prove it . With these guards I do n't worry anymore . The color did n't match exactly but my bedskirt covers them up for the most part so you ca n't tell . Great purchase . They stick great and seem like they 'll stick firmly for a long time to come .
 for my sons play room I tried to remove any and all protruding things . I replaced cable outlets with flat plats and used these to guard the windowsill . So far he has not showed much interest in the window .
 I have a heavy , old wooden coffee table and every time someone held the baby near the edge , I would have a little panic attack about the `` table of death . '' Mind her little fontanelle ! Now that she is old enough to toddle around herself , I am relieved to find these . The adhesive is almost perfect . We have beveled corners on the table so we were n't able to get a perfect seal , so I think that on a normal table edge , they 'd be super.Such a stress reliever . Now if I could only wrap the whole house in bubble wrap !
 Works great on our bench at the foot of our bed that kept attacking our knees as we walked by . Very impressed . Have stayed on for years . great adhesive . Does not fall off even which the daily wear & tear of sitting each day .
 I pop a bottle in it when I start the car and by the time we get to where we are going it is hot . If I need a bottle hot right this moment I pop into Starbucks and get some hot water . It does take longer to heat if the bottle is cold , it works best with room temperature bottles . I have used it with 4 oz and 9 oz Avent bottles and 6 oz Playtex Ventaire bottles . The first one I got did not work and the company did some troubleshotting with me and then promptly replaced it by mail .
 I traveled alot with my infant and had this product so I could heat her milk anywhere we went ! I loved this product ! It heated evenly and worked well with both my Avent and off brand bottles .
 We used this for several months for our picky baby when we were on the road and it worked very well . We learned that the bottle MUST be completely round in order for it to work well - any tapering or other shaping that prevents complete contact with the warming belt really is detrimental . I searched high and low for such a bottle and finally found them at my local dollar store of all things . Once we got the right bottle , we were very satisfied with it . You have to plan ahead - it takes about 20-30 minutes to heat it up to where my baby would drink it , depending on how cold it was to start with - and I usually gave it a few swishes during the heating process to get the heat evenly distributed - but it satisfied our requirements and the price was right .
 I got the DEX Products Automobile Bottle Warmer last weedend and used it ? the warmer is pretty fast to warm cold temperature . . around 10 to 15 minutes . if you try to warm chil temperature ... then you have to take around 30 minutes to warm your milk . . so this product is base on your bottle temperature . For me , this product is very useful . . if you looking for 30 minutes meal for your kids , that is the ONE ...
 It 'll warm your baby 's bottles in less than 10 minutes . That 's good enough for me while on the road .
 This warmer works very well . It was a great price , for a quality product also bought another for a gift .
 Works very well with medela bottles.It does take a little while to warm up a 5 oz bottle but it does work . Make sure it is sitting securely on the bottom to press down the button that tells the device a bottle is there . This is just like putting a miniature heating pad around a bottle .
 It is as the other reveiws said slow it takes about 20 min to heat the bottle not to big of a problem my son eats on a schedual so I know when to start heating the bottle . every one needs to remember it 's drawing power from a 12v power sourse so it or any other portable heater can only do so much with that amount of power . That said I would love to have one that heats a bottle in a min or two and the saftey switch on the bottom was really not an issue I just use a pen at the bottom of the bottle to keep the switch down . I did n't want to give the item a 3 star rating although I thought about it but I expected it to be slow when I ordered it and it will heat the bottle we use plastic bottles I do n't know if glass ones would heat faster or not .
 The bottle warmer does take a while to heat the bottle ! Maybe 15-30 minutes , depending on how cold the bottle is . My advice is to just pay attenion to your babies feeding times . Start warming before their normal feeding time . Do not wait until they are screaming because they are hungry ! Otherwise that will be a very long 15-30 minutes ! The item does work though . You do have to make sure that the bottle is pushed down well to press down the sensor to make it heat . It does not sit well in a standard size cup holder either . So you have to be careful that it does not tip over . Overall , it gets the job done ... with a little planning ahead . : - -RRB-
 Fits wide bottles . It takes about 20min. , so you have to prepare in advance . Small & convenient . It 's a great product .
 My first impression was that this would be a great product for when I need a bottle warmed as soon as I get somewhere , and that it would be great for the Ventaire Advanced wide bottles I use because of the adjustable strap . I was a little frustrated at first with the product because the Ventaire bottles are indented at the bottom and do n't hit the button which keeps it on . This is temporarily fixed with a folded piece of cardstock . It fits in the cup holder and on a ride to or from somewhere , the bottle is plenty warm in about 15-20 minutes . I 've only used it twice , so I 'm unsure of how long it will last , but it works well enough .
 The product is very good . Easy to operate . Gets warm up very fast . & so I do n't have any problems while driving . Love this product . I recommend this product .
 Being a new parent in germany it helps out a lot while traveling i wish i could of found it sooner
 This product works exactly as stated . My son is very big for his age and has outgrown his baby bathtub at age 9 months . I now bathe him in the regular tub , but I was worried about my son hitting his head on the spout , even with padding he would have hurt himself . Of course , I still keep an eagle eye on him , but now I do n't have to constantly grab him and move him away . I would recommend this to anyone , perhaps even to use when bathing pets !
 This product works fine with adjustments if you have a tub that is curved we had to do some modification . If you have a regular tub it would work great . It does keep your little one from the drain & faucets .
 I am so excited about this product ! My baby daughter always wanted to play with the faucet , and I was constantly having to slide her away from it and tell her no . With The Baby Bath Gate , I no longer have to struggle with my baby . We just have a good time . The gate is really easy to use . You just put it in the tub and you 're set . My baby ca n't move it at all . This product is amazing !
 I received this as a shower gift and have since made it the only gift I give to new and expectant mothers . It has caught on so much within my circle of friends that we all have them and bring them with us when we travel . They are light and easy to pack making bath time much more fun for baby and less stress for mom . Highly recommend as a shower gift if you want to wow your friends and have the most unique gift .
 We bought this for our son when he was only a couple of weeks old . He loved it from the start ! I used to put him in it -LRB- in the bathroom -RRB- so that I could shower/get ready . He would usually sleep in it long enough for me to get ready . The music/mobile kept him occupied . Now , at 3 months , he REALLY loves it ! I put him in it each morning for 30 min to 1 hour -LRB- and let him watch his Baby Einstein DVDs -RRB- , so that I can get things done around the house . He grabs the toys , and looks up at the mobile . He gets excited and bounces ! It has been a * best buy * ! We have used it for at least 2 months now , and I believe I have changed the batteries one time !! Also , the vivid colors are great ; they def . get my little man 's attention !!
 my daughter kamryn is 5 months young and the panda and bumble bee rattles -LRB- that detatch -RRB- from this bouncey seat are her ABSOLUTE FAVORITE toys and have been ever since she was an infant ! they seem to be very visually stimulating plus they are so easy to clean after she is done munching on them . she is a little big for the bouncer now -LRB- 17 lbs . -RRB- but when she was small enough to sit comfortably in it she loved it ! i do feel the incline posotioning of the seat is a little bit awkward for a babys neck , but compared to other bouncey seats that my girlfriends with infants have , i definitely rate this one the best !
 I did a lot of research and settled on this one.It is very colorful and has a mobile.It has a lot of activities and music too.The seat is very comfy too.My baby loved and used it from about 2 months to 6months .
 We got this chair right when the baby was born , and she LOVED it immediatly . She loves listening to the music . Her favorite thing on the chair right now is the orange speaker , but she is only 3 weeks old . The mobile and rattles catch her eye sometimes - I am sure as she gets older she will explore more on it . Overall I am very pleased with this product .
 My little one loves this bouncer . She has been fascinated by the mirror since she was a few weeks old and now she loves to try to reach out and grab the bear and bee . She gets so excited and kicks her legs and the chair actually bounces . So many other `` bouncer chairs '' barely move at all.The only reason I took a star off is because I wish the mobile maybe had something else besides the sliding plastic shapes . They do n't do anything , maybe when she is older she can reach them ???
 I got this bouncer at my shower and it was n't the one I had registered for . When I went to exchange it they were out of the one I wanted so I just kept it . That was the best thing I could have done . My son loves it ! We have a crib and a bassinet for him and it was the only thing he would sleep in when we got home from the hospital ! He loves the mirror and the rattles , and now that he 's started to make noises he `` talks '' to the bee ! This a MUST HAVE for any new mom !
 We got this for our son when he was about a month and a half old and he loves it . He is 4 months now and trying to sit up in it , but he still loves it and can spend a long time in it . At the beginning , he loved the vibration , then he learned to bounce , now he loves the toys - he plays with them to the point that they are almost worn out . He just noticed the mirror on the overhead mobile a few weeks ago - so many different sensory experiences for different stages.I highly reccommend this product . I have been able to have some important ` me ' time while my son has learned to self entertain in this bouncer , one of the best baby purchases we have made to date .
 SOur daughter frist had the lullaby dreams she hated it!So we got her this bouncer shes 2 months old tomorrew we putted her in it right away and she loved it!she laughed and giggled she loves watching her baby enstien videos in it .
 My family absolutely loves this bouncer ! My son spends much of his day in it . I do n't know how I managed my first son without it !
 I was going to give it 2 stars because , like some other reviewers , I was sure that the speakers did not work - but I gave another try , and figured out that you have to pull speakers really strongly and make them click . So , after over a month using the silent bouncer my son can finally listen music . He loves it ! He listens and tries to sing ! This changed my evaluation dramatically . The mirror also attracts his attention . I do not like the cover material - too rough for tender baby skin - my son turns his head and rubs his face against it sometims , so I have to cover it with a cotton flannel blanket , otherwise his facial skin is irritated . At his 2 months my baby is 22 '' - 13lbs , but seems like in couple of months he with outgrow it , no way to use this up to 3 years ! And anyway , such bouncers should not be used for babies able to sit without help . I have to keep the rattle arms down most of time - his hands could stuck under it and it is not very safe . The bouncer itself is nice and good quality - if I was rating just a bouncer I would give 5 stars definitely . My little boy likes bouncing in it and often falls asleep . But I think it 's a little overpriced .
 I just purchased this today . My baby will be born on Dec. 30th and I have already put this together . It looks cuter in person than in the pictures . I like that u can add more Miracles & Milestones toys to it . I will have to do an update review once I get to actually use it . The mobile has a mirror on it so the baby can see herself . Cute colors too !
 lost a part . my inlaws dissembled it when we had to travel and now we d'ont have a part to resemble it completely . also the manual is lost . kindly send me costumer service number . but overall good bouncer .
 My 6 week old hates her swing , so we were hoping this bouncer would keep her occupied . She LOVES this bouncer.What I like about this particular bouncer : * the overhead mobile spins to keep her attention * there is a mirror right above her so she can easily see herself * the side arms with cute rattle toys are within her reach -LRB- or at her current age
 We just received this bouncer a few days ago and after Hubby put it together , thought we had a defective unit as the sound would not work . I have seen others on here say that they had the same problem . I have just discovered today that to operate the music you have to turn the speakers toward the baby until they SNAP into place . THEN the music will play . Just turning them inward will not cause it to operate , it must be snapped into position . Hope this helps others who have the same dilemma . : - -RRB-
 I bought this bouncer to leave at my mother-in-law 's because she keeps my son . My sister had given me her old bouncer which was just the old standard bouncer . He liked it okay and would stay in it for about 10 minutes without getting fussy . You can imagine my surprise the first night when I put him in this bouncer and my husband and I were able to eat dinner uninterrupted . His face just lit up when I put him in it ! I took it to my mother-in-law 's the next day . He uses it every day . He was about 21/2 months when I got it and now he is almost 4 months . He will stay in it for almost an hour now . He seems to discover something new about it every day as he develops new skills . As an example , just a few weeks ago he discovered the bee . He loves it , especially the mobile . I would HIGHLY recommend this bouncer . I read the reviews before I buy anything and I usually see where even though someone likes a product , they always seem to mention a drawback . I do n't have one negative thing to say about it . If you are looking for a bouncer , either for yourself or as a gift , this is the one !
 My daughter hates her swing , so I bought this bouncer . She absolutely LOVES it . The moblie is clearly visible and grabs her attention . The toys on the side are at a great position for her to hit them and activate the mobile . She is only a month old , and realizes the moblie is above her head . The bouncer is also flexible onough for her to bounce it on her own . GREAT for a newborn !
 I ordered this bouncer yesterday and received it in the mail today , and I am more than pleased with it . First of all , it bounces reverse of other bouncers ... the legs are `` backwards '' which allows the feet to bounce more than the head . The other thing I like about this feature is that for big babies , the heavier they get -LRB- and the older they get -RRB- the more upright they sit rather than weighing themselves down . My first son was out of the infant carseat at 3 months because of his weight , and the doctor has already told us that this baby is going to be the same size or bigger . We had the Fisher Price kick 'n' play bouncer with my first son , and he loved it , only the bigger he got , the closer his head got to the floor and we were constantly rebending the wire legs to keep him upright . I love the music features - both parent and baby activated , and the spinning mirror globe is a great feature . My 20-month old has been looking at himself in the mirror all day . The toys are cute and are placed right by the baby 's hands ... my only complaint is that Fisher Price advertises -LRB- even on the bouncer 's box -RRB- that you can purchase additional toys , and I can only find them on UK websites that want a lot of money to ship to the US - not even the Fisher Price website carries them . All in all , I love the bouncer - the design , style , fabric , features , colors , etc. and I ca n't wait until my son gets here to use it -LRB- 10 days and counting ... -RRB- !
 This was a gift at my baby shower and turned out to be the biggest life-saver of all . It 's all my son would sleep in the first week of his life ; all he would nap in for nearly two months ! My only complaints
 We LOVE this chair . My son has loved since he was a newborn . It really helped when he was colicky , to shift some of the air bubbles around in his stomach . Now that he is three months old , he loves to grab the rattles and play with them . He has never liked the overhead arm , so we do n't use it often . He just does n't like to look up , he 'd rather be looking around the room . The only improvement I would request is that it somehow fold up . It 's not portable , which is a shame because it 's our son 's favorite place to sit and we wanted to take it to the babysitters , but it 's just too big to take places . It also seems to use up batteries.However , we highly recommend this chair because : - It 's easy to clean-It definitely keeps him entertained , long enough for me to get a shower and get dressed.-It helps with colic-The music is not too annoying-My son LOVES the bee rattle .
 We had the Delightful Dream bouncer for my son who is 5-1/2 weeks old and a little over 9 lbs . and it just did n't do anything for him . So after a lot of on line research we bought this one . It was a toss up between this and the Fisher Price Aquarium bouncer . But this one had more features and we really like that we can move the mobile , speakers and hand held toys out of the way so he is n't over-stimulated . Also , this one is n't so inclined so his head does n't get tilted forward . It 's at just the right angle for him to lay in it comfortably.My son loves this !! The mobile is right above him and he 'll just sit and stare it.Would recommend this to anyone !
 This bouncer is great all around . It is bigger so larger babies arecomfortabl . It is designed so the babies can ACTUALLY make it bounce ... they can really get it going. , the toys are easy to reach and play with and my son has LOVED the mirror since just a few weeks old . He is now 6 months and still loves it . My first daughter we had two high priced bouncers and did n't like them . This is a GREAT buy .
 I have 6 month old twins and recommend this product to everyone . We used it the day we came home from the hospital when our smallest weighed 4.5 lbs and still use it now . The boys LOVE the mobile and the toys , it is at a great angle and the vibration does NOT turn off -LRB- the baby papasan does and my babies woke up as soon as the vibration shut off -RRB- . The only thing you need to know is that the product has sound `` wings '' up by the babies ears -- when you put it together pull the wings up toward the mobile until they snap then the sound will work .
 I like how you can decide how much stimulation the baby has !! We got it when our daughter was 1 month old and she mostly slept in it , now a very big 8 months old , she still plays in it !!
 This bouncer was really useful when my daughter was 3 months old.She used to play with the toy and look herself in the mirror and used to talk . . :-RRB- Now that she is 6 months old , We feel it 's too small for her . Need throw this bouncer in the garrage . I prefer this bouncer for childs aging 2 to 6 months . Hope this review helps .
 My preemie son loves this bouncer seat ! The toys are colorful and stimulating , the overhead mirror provides lots of entertainment for little ones . The music is soothing enough for when he falls asleep , but also upbeat and the volume can be turned up if you choose . The vibrations are also quieting and calming without being harsh and causing him to spit up like some swings do.I highly recommend this bouncer seat . It is also reasonably priced . A worthwhile product that will keep your baby happy when you need a break !
 I really hated the look of this product when I put in on my registry , but all the choices seemed ugly and this did seem to have good features . Looks aside , my child loves the chair . As a newborn , the vibration feature was great and he found it very soothing when agitated . He seemed very comfortable to fall asleep in it . Now that he is 3 months , he will just stare at the bumble bee and smile and coo . He does look up at the thing above . I think sometimes he is looking at his reflection in the mirror and othertimes I think he is watching it spin . I do wish the music would play longer because sometimes he reacts when it stops and he is not old enough for the feature where they turn on when something is touched . All in all , I think it was worth the money .
 I love how this has music and a spinning action above her . The ony thing I changed was instead of the brightly colored plastic thing that spins going face up , I put it so it faces where she can see it . That makes more sense to me . You can see in the pic what I mean , other than that it is great .
 My daughter is 6 weeks old and if I didnt have this then neither one of us would get any sleep . She loves to sleep in this and also love to watch everything around her in the mirror on the top This bouncer is a life saver
 I really love this bouncer . I bought it for my daughter when I was pregnant and started using it when she was days old . The colors , music , toys , and vibrations really captivate her . At only a week old she is already looking and loving her toys ! The only slight problem is the seat covering , which keeps sliding off it 's velcro fasteners . I am a little worried that as she grows older and gets bigger -LRB- she 's only 6 lbs . now -RRB- , the seat covering will continue to come off . Other than that , I absolutely love it and would reccomend it to any family .
 My son LOVES this seat . We 've been using it since we brought him home from the hospital and he 's 3 months old now . At first , he just napped in it , but now that he 's old enough to focus on things and try to grab them , he 's mesmerized by the overhead mobile -LRB- he `` talks '' to it all the time -RRB- and loves trying to get a hold of the bee and panda rattles . The vibration feature is also very soothing . We also have the Fisher Price Aquarium Bouncer , which he also likes , but he 'll only sit in it during quiet times ... it 's too boring when he 's in his active mode .
 I love this bouncer . It does so much for the money . It has a woonderful removable fleece seat that is easily washable . Plus has built in speakers that move for music and automatic mobil on top to keep my son entertained plus the chair vibrates . My son loves it . It was the best little find . There were wonderful write ups in magazines about it so I decided to go with it and Love IT ! The mobil also flips back to get your child in/out of it easlity without bumping his head . Its a must have !!!
 My son , who is now 10 weeks old , has had this bouncer for about a month . He LOVES it . He 's very comfortable in it , likes the bouncing and vibration , and is absolutely enthralled with the mobile . He recently started trying to touch and grab the little bear and the bee as well . This has been such a great investment . I love the look of it too , and the music is not annoying . I also like that all of the features work independantly of eachother . I can turn on the mobile , but not the sound , or turn on the vibration , but not the mobile . It 's great all around .
 I recently returned the carter 's cradle daisy bouncer as I was not very happy with that bouncer . Before taking it back to the store I read the reviews on all the bouncers and found that almost all of them had mixed reviews . Unsure what one to pick my friend rcommended this one as she has it for her son . I returned the other bouncer to Babies-R-Us with no problems , I recieved store credit for my return . I looked at all the bouncers and asked the store clerk for recommendations , she stated this had become a popular model . I brought it home and put it together . Putting it together was easy for the most part but their instructions were hard to follow as they had multiple languages all over the pages . My daughter LOVES this bouncer . She actually fights going to sleep because she is so entertained by the mirrored mobile above her that spins . -LRB- I was a little disappointed after getting home as the store clerk told me the mobile had lights and it does not have any -RRB- The speakers are by their head with 2 volume selections . The speakers fold down and turn the music off for times when you do not want that function . The music is more on the entertaining side than the soothing side . Vibration works really well but is a little on the noisy side . There are 2 toy bars that flip up with 2 removeable toys that when not in use can be stored on the base . The bouncer bounces so easy that I dont have to really do anything . Just the babies movements alone bounce this seat . It is a little higher off the ground so it goes nicely if you want to lay on the couch and you can just reach down without having to go to far . The moble bar above flips backwards if you dont want it to distract the baby or to easily take baby in and out . The top fabric piece velcroes on for easy washing and the material is very soft . Great for the price of $ 49.99 .
 I loved this bouncer from the moment I saw it . I thought all the toys and colors were great . So far my 2 month old loves it . He loves watching the mobile and looking at the rattles . The two drawbacks I found was that the vibrator seems to be a bit noisy because of all the stuff on the seat . The mobile rattles a bit and we have had to hit it a couple of times to get the vibrator to work . Thought it may be the batteries but even with new ones it seems to work fast sometimes and slow other times . The noise is n't too bad unless you little one is in there at 3:00 am trying to sleep . The other drawback is the fold down arms for the rattles . Seems like ones my son grows some more his legs wo n't fit under it . Overall though I do like the bouncy seat especially the angle of it . He is much more laid back and this is good when they are so little .
 We got this bouncer for our second child as it just had so much more to do/see then our previous one . Our daughter loves it ! At only a couple of months she was already pulling on the toys and mesmerized by seeing herself in the mirror . The toys are great as there are so many different colors and textures to explore , and I love that we can not only adjust the sound level , but easily turn the speakers off entirely .
 My daughter really likes her bouncer , but after only about 2 weeks , it started making a loud humming noise everytime I turn on the vibration . I thought maybe it was the surface I had it on , but it does n't matter , carpet or floor , it hums . Then , I tried squeezing together the battery box . The noise stops if I hold it tightly so I thought maybe the vibration loosened the screws . I tightened them , but it STILL makes that annoying humming noise . I really do n't know what else to do . She loves the vibration and it puts her to sleep and even makes her less gassy , but we ca n't stand that loud noise ! Besides that , everything else is great ! I love the colors of the fabric and the toys . My daughter is 2 months and is now talking to herself in the mirror .
 The bouncer does everything that the ad said that it would . It 's nice and colorful and handy to have around . My son lays in it and watches me in the kitchen . The vibrations are really nice if he 's in a good mood . And I can bounce him in it to soothe him to sleep . He also likes the rattles . But , too much time in it for our 3 month old gets him -LSB- ... -RSB- . The buttons on the bouncer are not as clear as they could be . I keep having to refer to the instructions to figure out which combination of buttons does what . I also wish that the ad would have given a size/age estimate . I wish I had bought it sooner since my 3 month-17lb . baby will be out-growing it very soon .
 This is the best bouncer ever made ! I have gotten five bouncers one for my mothers home and one for my house and three for three different friends . It teaches babies so many new developmental skills such as touching , cooing , hearing sounds and distinguishing differnt colors for good eye coordination . I absolutely love it . If you have a fussy baby or just want to put him down to rest yourself , turn the music on with the vibrations and it will definetely soothe your child and heor she will definetly find someway to entertain himself . It is also a personal chair for your little one when you do not want them in their crib or play pen . I recommend this product to all mothers around the world . It is the best gift ever .
 My baby loved this bouncer from the age of 2 weeks to 4 months . She loved looking at the toys plastic toys that are attached by the arms . The vibrating feature seems annoying to me and I never used it , but the music and mobile is really nice . Highly recommended .
 This bouncer has a seat with the least incline of all the Fisher-Price bouncers , and it is suitable for a very young baby without much head control . Of the three bouncers we 've owned , this one is my favorite . The melody of the music moves between the left and right speakers and features a variety of instruments and sounds to stimulate the baby 's mind . The toys are within reach of a small baby and the mirror overhead is interesting to our baby -LRB- though it might be more interesting if it were n't so convex -RRB- . Fisher-Price is not a reliable brand and this bouncer is no exception . The baby 's right-hand toy mount does not trigger the music when it is pulled as the left-hand toy mount does . The vibration motor in the Sensory bouncer we received had a high-pitched whine as if a ball bearing were going bad . The two other bouncers we 've tried include the rainforest bouncer -LRB- the volume control periodically changes to `` loud '' on its own -RRB- and the puppy bouncer -LRB- though the baby loves the puppy face , the poor connection in the arch often turns off the music , and the toys are out of reach for all but the biggest babies -RRB- .
 Being somewhat shell-shocked , overwhelmed new parents , we tried nearly every gadget and gizmo out there , searching in vain for something that our daughter would enjoy and feel comfortable in for more than a few minutes . Swings , rockers , bouncy chairs ... you name it , we tried it.Tried this one in a last-ditch effort and were astonished when she first got excited -LRB- gurgling and cooing -RRB- , then eventually fell asleep comfortably in it . Could it be ? Could we have finally found THE chair ? Yep ; we did.Since then , the chair has been used on a daily basis . She loves it as much now as she did the day we bought it.My only concern is that it does not have an adaptor , so you have to use batteries . You will want to buy rechargeable batteries , since you 'll go through them quickly with this product .
 We love this product . We have a 3 month old daughter that has been using it since she was a new born . She sleeps , plays and just relaxes in the bouncer . We liked it so much that we gave it to two friends who have infants and they love it too . It vibrates , bounces , has music and a mirror that hangs over the child so they can look up and be entertained . Money well spent !
 we all love this , my son is 3 months and still talks to the mirror and its great to fall asleep with the vibration , also great to talk and play with the baby .
 We bought and tried three different bouncers before this one and they were all flops . Our son LOVED this one and it was worth the little bit of extra money to have something he can enjoy w/o being held . He is eight weeks old and we got it when he was 5 weeks old . He loved it then , loves it now , and will likely continue to enjoy it ! kudos to FP !
 This bouncer keeps my 3 month old entertained while I clean and do mommy things . She loves it , the fabirc is colorful , seems very comfy , she loves watching herself in the mirror . The only reason I gave it four stars is because the batteries dont seem to last long but other than that love it .
 My 2 month old previously had the larger Eddie Bauer bouncer and hated it-too large and no fun.This bouncer keeps her very entertained.Only one problem-my child is small-and her legs barely fit under the 2 side fold-in toys . I would n't recommend this for a large child.Other than that 1 drawback-this bouncer is great !
 This bouncer is perfect for my three month old . I tried three others , but this one beat them all by far . Not only does my daughter look absolutely comfortable , but she stays completely entertained as well . The other wonderful thing is that the bouncer is really cute so it is n't so hard to look at day after day in the middle of the living room floor . Also , all the toys on the bouncer fold out of the way so you can get baby in and out very easily .
 I love this bouncer so much , I had to buy two for each of my twins . My babies absolutely love this bouncer . They enjoy looking at themselves in the mirror and they coo no-stop at the bumblebee . The bumblebee really gets them going . I have bought this for friends and they too enjoy it . I did a lot of research and found that this is the best bouncer out there . The bright , fun colors will certainly grab the attention of your baby .
 My baby absolutely LOVES this bouncer ! He loves the vibration setting , the music , the overhead mirror ball , and the 2 little attached toys . It is super easy to get him in and out of the bouncer because the two side toys just flip up and down . The two side toys are also detachable and we carry one of these with us in the stroller because he likes them so much . The bouncer was also very easy to put together and seems quite sturdy . This is a great purchase !
 I wonder what I would do without this bouncer it 's the greatest . This is my second one since my Noah was born and it has been so much fun for him . It allows me to get things done as he is occupied for 30 + minutes unless he crashes out in it . I like how it reclines as opposed to sitting up . I had the fisher price aquarium and he would lean to far to the sides almost tipping over . With this one he is n't able to get into that position.The only negative is it should have an automatic shut off on the vibration portion . Sometimes I leave it on and the batteries drain -LRB- my fault -RRB- Oh and the mobil would be nice if you can adjust the height . Due to my son being so large he reaches both hands onto it and attempts to pull it towards him !
 We bought this bouncer after having the ocean aquariums bouncer . It has a nice deep seat , and a nice size strap on piece in the front -LRB- the ocean aquarium 's is too short and too small -RRB- . It bounces better than our other bouncer ; the metal frame it sits on is designed the opposite way of other bouncers , therefore , i think , giving it a better bounce when the baby moves . As for the features , I originally thought all of the extra attachments were unnecessary . But my baby loves them ! She loves the bee rattle , and loves the overhead mirror/mobile ! One drawback . There is no padding down by the frame where the babies kick their feet , so they are kicking on the hard metal frame . So I stuffed it with some padding . But this bouncer was made with a lot of thought , and it shows . Now if they could only make a collapsible one like this with a 25lb weight limit or higher ...
 I have owned MANY bouncers in the past and because my babies are all so big -LRB- # 3 is 17 pounds at 12weeks -RRB- they were all useless because their heads would be by the floor due to their weight . This bouncer is reverse ... the heavier a baby gets , the bum end gets lower , not the head !! It is AMAZING ... sounds , toys , mirror , vibrate , mobile , frills galore for a decent price . Fisher price got this one right ! Everything that is in the description is there and your baby will get much more out of it . I am buying 2 more of these ... one for everyone I know having a baby . Oh , and the colors are great too , soild with no icky stupid patterns . I 'd give this a 10 * rating if I could .
 We absolutley love this bouncer . Our son , for the first month , would only sleep in this with the vibration on . It was fantastic . We still use it when he just wants to stretch out and stare at the mirror above him .
 I originally purchased my son the baby papysan chair and absolutely hated it from day one . Ever since birth hes been one to like to be engaged with his toys and he would start crying the second I put him in the baby papysan and if he wasnt crying he would just go to sleep . Well I then decided to try a different chair and bought this one . He absolutely loves it ! The mobile spins in circles and has a mirror on the top so they can look at themselves . He watches that mirror nonstop . The toys on the sidebars are made to be removeable so that they can hold them once they are able to . He has finally figured out how to pull the toys out and just absolutely thinks this chair is great . The music is very upbeat and he really enjoys it too !
 our 6 month likes this item but get it jumping off the floor quite easily . We need a instruction sheet / parts list for this because it was given to us . Thanks for any help!rails99This is for the Fisher = Price sensory selection bounceer
 I recieved this bouncer as a shower gift when i was pregnant with my first son and he absolutley Loved this one ! we also had the ocean wonders bouncer which he didnt care for at all ! He would stay all day in this bouncer but when he out grew it ANd it took him a while to out grow it ! I lent it to a cousin and now that im pregnant again i call for her to return it . She did , but she lost the toys so im bummed and im actually contemplating buying another one because my son loved to play with the rattles too . . but yea its a great bouncer !!
 My 3 month old has loved this from day one !!! We started only by strapping her in and letting her body movement be the `` bounce '' . We later added batteries ; it takes 3 different kinds , which is the only downfall . She never cared for the vibration feature . Every time she goes in it she immedietly looks up for the toys above the mirror to spin . She loves that she can have it make noise by playing with the toys . She has never complained about being in it , and has no problem falling asleep in it . This is a great product and I highly recommend it from birth on up .
 My grandaughter used this for almost 8 months . She loved the mobil on the top and that she could see herself in the mirror . I read reviews that the toys on the sides interferred with the baby 's thighs . My grandaughter had pretty chunky thighs and the toys were never a problem . She liked pulling the toys off to play with them . The music was plenty loud but not too loud that is would annoy anyone . Also she liked the vibrator , but you have to remember to shut it off -LRB- we often forgor -RRB- if you want to conserve the battery life . I would highly recommend this bouncer .
 I love this bouncer ! The best is that you can select the level of stimulation for the baby . When my son starts to get stressed from too much playing , I can turn off the music , or vibration , or swivel back the mirror/mobile and/or the toys so he can go to sleep without moving him to another place . All of the options enable bay to play and sleep in this item - other bouncers do n't allow for under/over stimulation.Love that the pieces are interchangeable with our 3 in 1 gym and other miracles and milestones toys with the same round base ... he loves the toys .
 My daughter loves this bouncer . She is now three months old and we have had it since birth . It is the only place that she enjoyed sitting for the first two months , as she did n't seem to be a big swing fan . It was the only way I got a shower , hair dried , or a meal eaten.We initially bought this because my husband picked it out . He loved that it had `` surround sound '' and bright colors.I loved that it seemed so large and sturdy , and that the toys could flip off to the sides and be removed or stored in the bottom legs.Our daughter loves this more than we ever imagined . We are n't annoyed by the music , and the lower volume is great . I like the vibration and it does n't eat batteries . We are still operating on the same batteries since birth ! Three months!She LOVES the toys . She has yet to discover the mobile , as it is so far above her little head , but she loves the rest , especially the music setting -LRB- interactive -RRB- where her own motion and batting of the toys sets the music off.Great product and will work for her for a long time because of it 's sturdy size and how high it sits off the floor .
 I bought two packs of Diaper Mate 's Disposable Diaper Bags for our son when he was a newborn . These bags have come in such handy so many times for my wife and I . While on the road or plane we have used them to store dirty diapers and dirty clothes . These bags repel all smells so they can be kept in a diaper bag in a car or on a plane without anyone suffering from the smells within . I would recommend these bags to any parent traveling - day-to-day or long haul .
 These works well if you travel a lot and do n't want to bring a big box of bags and or have them all over the bag .
 i appreciate this this comes in a resealable package - to keep the freshness of the bags . unfortunately when you buy such a product in the stores , it 's hard to reseal the package between uses , and that 's a problem . thank you !
 Love it super good stuff for friend my , her son love it I will give to my son too ,
 We purchased this carseat because it was the most affordable and highest rated according to the American Academy of Pediatrics website . We love it ! It is easy to use and very convenient to get in and out of the car without disturbing baby . We also purchased the Snap n Go Stroller and I highly recommend it ! It is very lightweight , easy to operate , and easy to manuever . We can take her anywhere without disturbing her if she is sleeping and we do n't have a huge stroller to lug around ... I really love it at the dr. office when all the other moms are trying to manuever their HUGE strollers and carseats and we have a nice , easy compact duo ! It 's great !
 I got this based on it 's high ratings . I found a few problems with it , but overall it was a good buy . The car seat was a little heavy , by itself , add an infant into the mix , you have to be very strong to lift and carry for any amount of time . I did n't like the handle either . It was awkward to maneuver into a carrying position . However , the features that I did like , the material , the easy adjust straps , ease of cleaning and getting unattached from the base totally override the bad things . I am expecting again and am looking to buy a Baby Trend car seat again , just ca n't beat those ratings for the money !!!
 I purchased two of these because I had twins and they have been good car seats . The one thing that frustrated me was that the handles are very difficult to release so that you can get the babies out .
 I love the triangular handle on this car seat . Only down side is the buttons on the side of the handle are a little hard to push when you want to slide the handle back to put baby in/take baby out . But it snaps into the car in a flash and my little guy is very comfortable in it .
 This is our first and only child seat and has worked quite well for us . We do need to put in a specialized cushon for our baby 's head . There have been recent articles warning against letting your baby sleep in a child seat and sine babies ' head muscles are n't very strong , the support is a good addition . I find the triangle grip excellent but even with a small baby in the seat , you will not want to cary this very far at all . My wife in fact had a back injury carying our son in this seat and that was just from the car to our house ! Some day , these seats may come with some other innovation making them more ergonomic for parents . I do n't know that it would have been different in another seat , but be warned , these things are not meant to actually carry a child by hand and women have weakened muscles after giving birth . It 's a terrible combination . Carying the baby in this seat should be a task for husbands for several months as I found out too late.Back to the seat , it works quite well in the car and with the baby trend snap-n-go . We use the snap-n-go quite often and it prevents you from repeatedly removing your child from the seat and snapping him back in -LRB- which can be trying for you and your kid -RRB- . I was disappointed the unit had no SPF rating for the sun shade . That feature may not have made it to child seats but sun protection is extremely important for babies and it would n't be difficult to use a protective fabric . I called Baby Trend and they had no idea if and how well the shade actually blocked harmful UV rays . Other seats may not have this feature either but we will look closely for it in the future after being sternly warned by the child safety class at the hospital . Babies have super sensitive skin and it 's important to avoid any direct sunlight if possible . I know it sounds extreme and alarmist but it also should be very easy to do and is recommended by the American Adadamy of Pediatrics -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . For now , you would need an additional cover on top of the included cover.Pros
 I have had two kids use my Evenflo carseat . I HATED it . It was like they never even tried it out to see how well its features worked . I finally got so sick of it when my 2nd child was 4 months old that I ordered a Babytrend Flexloc . At first I was seduced by the high safety ratings , but even after that Consumer Reports article was rescinded , I still liked a lot of the features.Pros : - very comfy seat , good padding-the canopy is twice as long as my Evenflo so it can cover baby almost completely - the canopy stays in place ; it does n't fall forward or backward behind the seat - the tightening mechanism under the baby 's feet is easy to reach and VERY easy to adjust to make the straps tighter or looser depending on what baby is wearing - the harness mechanism is very easy to adjust -LRB- the shoulder strap height -RRB- . My Evenflo had to be rethreaded every few months and even my mechanically inclined husband said it was horrible . The Flexloc is just a dial on the back that you turn -- it 's a breeze . - The seat can be transfered between cars without the base . It can be strapped directly to the car by using a seat belt on the car seat or by using the LATCH system if your car has it . - the triangular handle has a nice grip and is easy to hold in any position - this carseat is lighter than my Evenflo - The cloth is very wipeable , not as absorbant of spills and stains as my EvenfloCons : I found a few minor cons that definitely would not deter me from buying this carseat , and one that might -LRB- depending on how I can resolve it once I contact Babytrend -RRB- . - The release button to take the seat off its base is at the toes under the seat . It 's a little harder to reach than the ones behind the head if the carseat is backward facing . - As others have said , the buttons to move the handle are a bit stiff , but not horribly so . I was prepared for them to be way worse . - The handle is thinner and does n't FEEL as sturdy as my Evenflo when carrying baby around , but it has n't had any problems-This is the one BIG one that I have to check with Babytrend on
 I have been using this seat for a month now . I am mostly pleased with it . I was unsure I 'd like the triangle handle but I find it as comfortable to use as any of the other styles , if not better.I love the covering . It wipes clean pretty easy . It 's not like the cloth covered seats where stains soak in.Very nice sun hood . Almost covers the entire seat.The few things I 'd like changed would be the way you have to put the two strap sections togehter to get them to snap in . It 's a little hard to do if the baby is really wiggly.Also , the handle is pretty stiff to move back.In all , it 's my favorite infant seat we 've had and we 've had many in the past !
 I love this car seat except for the fact that the one I have is defective . The crotch snap does not work properly . When I contacted Baby Trend , they advised that they do not exchange or repair their products free , even though mine was manufactured in October 2006 & I contacted them in December - less than a month after I bought it.Otherwise , this is a wonderful seat . I love the triangular handle . I use it with the Snap & Go and have no trouble at all transferring her . If she falls asleep in it , it is easy to take her wherever I want without disturbing her . She seems very comfortable in it as well . She was born November 12 , 2006 . The hood is such that it can block out the sun , no matter from which direction it is shining . And you can still see her face - if you are tall enough.The product is great - if yours if fully functioning . I 'm anxious for her to grow to 20 pounds so I can buy another seat . As it is , I try not to take her in the car any more than I have to because of the defective lock since I ca n't spring for another seat now . I will never buy another Baby Trend for that reason .
 I got this carseat because I loved the look of it and it had a high safety rating . My son was born 10.5 lbs and 21 inches long ... he was a moose ! He stayed in that carseat until he was 10 months or so with NO problems . The straps still fit him , the only issue was that he got a little long for it and he got so heavy that I did n't want to carry him in ANY carseat , I started using a sling . Not the carseat 's fault.The fabric is easy to clean and he was a super spitter ! It was heavy but so was he . The carseat also attached nicely in the car and strollers - even the shopping carts at the grocery store.The only reason I gave it 4 starts instead of 5 was because as a newborn , my little guy seemed to sit very upright . Not a big issue if you get a headrest for it . Also , the handle is a little stiff but nothing I could n't handle , and I have small hands.We are now pregnant with twins and I 'm looking to get the SAME carseat again .
 I LOVE this car seat . There are a few deterrents , but my son is just a month shy of 2 years old and he still fits in this seat quite well . When placed at the proper angle in the car and bucked in you will not find any safety issues at all . The base is a challenge to put in , but for ease of use we do n't even use the base.It is a bit heavy to carry around , but it is not recommended for bonding with your child that you leave them in the car seat while out and about but rather purchase a sling or carry your baby.Unlike other seats this buckle is very hard to buckle and unbuckle meaning when my son at 8 months began trying to get out of his seat he could not , while friends with graco seats their babies were letting themselves out of the seat with ease.The foam is very strong and the seat overall still looks brand new after 2 years of use , and I plan on using it for my next baby . Unlike carseats made from a woven cotton fabric this is very easy to wipe clean to make sure things are always clean . None of the fabric has worn out or faded.You will find that this seat is well worth the money you spend on it . ** NEW ** Well we are retiring this seat . It made it through a second baby prior to it 's expiration date . I still have the complaint about the challenge of the buckle , but I think the pros are worth it.The material is still in great shape . I was however not able to use it as long this time . My baby was about 4 months old when he hit 22lbs . My second was a much larger baby than my first . I feel this seat was money well spent and would get another Baby Trend again .
 I actually hate carseats because they are usually pretty heavy and bulky . This one is pretty nice . Not as heavy as the carseat we originally purchased for our 3.5 month old . I love the triangle handle.I know that the little buttons on the side are a little hard to press in when you want to move the handle , but I do n't think its all that bad.This carseat has very high safety ratings . The adjustable head cushion is a major plus , super easy to adjust and super easy to loosen and tighten 5-point harness.I love the handle that unlocks the carseat from the base , very easy and smooth , no more struggling like a mad woman to release the carseat from the car or the stroller .
 I had been looking for a bumper for my son 's room for ages before I found this . It is the perfect color red . My only complaints are that the ties are only on the top of the bumper . I 'm considering adding some to the bottom since I sew and it would n't be hard . Previous comments mention that the fabric is n't very soft . I personally do n't have a problem with it . It 's not ` scratchy , ' it 's just cotton and the babes are n't going to be sleeping right on it anyway . I like it for the price , function and color . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 Nice pretty pink , soft , fits crib great ! High recommend . Also bought the matching crib bed skirt - perfect combo ! The solid color leaves me more open to decorating options .
 I love this . Perfect bright red color and matches the crib skirt wonderfully . Well made . Held up nicely after washing .
 I like this bumper . I like that they had solid colors and it fit the crib perfectly . Only thing i recommend is to watch it carefully if you wash it in a standard washing machine - mine the padding scrunched together in a small section , its not too noticeable though . Other than that its a nice crib bumper and i recommend it .
 Bought this to match the crib dust ruffle by American Baby Company . Color matches , and this bumper fits crib well . I think it is a bit over priced but if it holds up I 'm happy with it .
 This is a standard bumper . Nothing special about it really . It fits nicely and the ties work well . Its not solid , it is checkered green and white . Glad I spent the money I am pleased with it .
 beautiful bedding great quality at a good price . . Excellent service and shipping from seller would and will buy from again .
 This is the perfect first birthday present . This will be the keepsake that will always remind her , everytime she loses a tooth , of that special day she recieved this keepsake.This is also an heirloom quality piece . She can pass this down to her daughter as tradition on her first birthday . It 's so wonderfully made , in sterling silver , and it 's topped off by an amazingly beautiful little toothfairy of gold on the lid . It 's a perfect keepsake or gift for any age in my opinion , not just infants .
 This item is gorgeous ! The only quandry that I am easily perplexed by , is the fact that my child 's tooth is much too large to fit into this little trinket . I know this is a common problem , but please fix this . Thank you .
 We are also in the process of painting our baby 's nursery . We decided to play up the blue in this set , so we are decorating the top half of the wall a light blue , and the bottom half a darker blue with the border in the middle . It is going to be so adorable ! We have showed many people our choice for a nursery bedding -LRB- via Internet -RRB- and everyone raves about how cute it is!I hope babies r us keeps this in stock and gets more of the matching accessories in the store!The patchwork on this quilt is just gorgeous and I 'm sure our baby boy is going to love it as much as we do !
 We have gotten so many compliments on our bedding ! It is very cute and would be good for a girl or a boy . We have a baby boy , so we accented the blue , but it would be just as easy to accent the pink . This is a great set that we will have for all of our kids !
 I just loved this set for our son . I have washed it several times using tide and fabric softner and hung the bumper and quilt to dry . No problems . I also recieved the lounge chair as a gift and its wonderful too.Ideally you dont need the full set , because you cant use the quit to cover baby , but I hung mine on the wall and somtimes use it for floor play , and depending on your child they may use the bumper as a stepping tool to try and climb out of the crib .
 I think the set is beautiful . We purchased just about all of the room pieces to match . I liked it because it was very neutral , boy/girl appropriate , and its not so busy or loud like many other sets out there . We have had the set for 8 months now , and it has worn appropriately . Its been through the wash several times and has not shrunk very much nor torn .
 I have the entire set of Malawi ... everything !!!! I LOVE IT ! My daughter is now 9 months old and she simles every time we walk into her room ! I suggest if you can buying the boarder and wall hangings ... it really makes the room look wonderful . Another suggestion is painting the walls bright yellow ... it looks great with the pattern ! I give the entire Malawi collection 5 huge stars !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love this Malawi bedding . It is so soft , and made of good quality . The mattress sheet did rip in the corner , but that could be because I wash all bedding in hot water and it may have shrunk a little bit . It is perfect for a boy or girl . We used this for our son who was born in August 2003 , and we will be using it for our daughter due in September 2005 . We even got my son the Malawi toddler bed set for his toddler bed . We had our home on the market this last January and about 90 percent of people looking at our home complimented the nursery . The valance was a big hit ! One lady even asked if we would consider leaving the nursery decor , as she was expecting , of course that was a big NO WAY , as we are expecting in September 2005 . I would highly recommend this product !
 My sister bought us our bedding set for our second child , a baby girl ! I absolutely love this set ! I have not had any problems with it falling apart in the washing machine or dryer , but would recommend that you wash it on gentle ... Someone had asked what color others had painted the room to go with this set ... we painted the room 2 shades of green from Disney ... one is a very light green and the other is a med . green . The room our daughter is in is small , and these two colors do not close the room in at all !
 We love this set . We did not know what we were having . We had a girl & it is perfect for her . It washed nicely , is of great quality and holds it 's shape very well . She loves to look at the animals on the bumper when laying in her crib .
 I love the bedding but am having a difficult time finding a paint color that goes with it . Does anyone have some advice for me as to what colors they went with for the walls . Please keep in mind that we are having a baby girl !! If you went with yellow-can you tell me where you got it from and what it is called !!!!
 We got this set 5 months ago -LRB- before we knew whether we were having a boy or a girl -RRB- . We painted the room a soft yellow and put up the matching border . It looks beautiful . The border went up really easily and we have had no problems with it coming `` unstuck '' . I wanted to do a `` wild animal '' theme and wanted to stay away from commercial characters like Disney . This set was perfect.The set comes with 1 sheet , comforter , bumper , dust ruffle , and one curtain . My only regret is that we did n't really need the whole set and would have saved money if we could have purchased only the itmes we needed . We never used the curtain . The comforter ca n't be used in the crib . Who knew babies ca n't use any kind of blanket for the first year ? I do set it down on the floor as a mat sometimes though . But , since this is my first child , I went all out . We also bought the matching light switch and the wastebasket . Then you can always accessorize with stuffed animals -LRB- giraffes , lions , etc -RRB- that are inexpensive and easy to find . I also took some of the extra border and cut out some of the animals to use as stickers in a few spots on the walls -LRB- like over the changing table -RRB- . My son loves to try and grab at the animals and it keeps his attention as he is being changed.Last note - I threw the whole set in the washer on gentle cycle with Dreft and then into the Dryer and had NO shrinkage .
 Ever since I saw the photo of a mother giraffe `` kissing '' her baby 's head , I knew I wanted animals as a theme in a nursery if I ever had a child . Once I became pregnant , I started looking , and was so disappointed by all the Noah 's Ark or teddy bear themes . I was actually contemplating solid color bedding sets when I saw this one . I immediately fell in love , and the nursery has come out better than I could have ever imagined . My husband and I painted the walls a creamy warm vanilla color on top , with a chair rail , and then a soothing sage green on the bottom . Along with some accessories , pecan-colored furniture , and a framed print of that photo that inspired it all , the nursery does not scream or assault you with cutsie gender-specific stereotypes that will make visitors cringe once they see it . The set is really quite perfect for either sex , and pleasing to adult eyes as well , which , believe it or not is pretty important when you think about how much time you and your husband are going to be spending in that nursery . The colors in the set are neutral enough to make buying other accessories for the nursery quite easy , even if you do n't purchase the Malawi accessories , and the whole effect is so calming , rather than having screaming yellows and roaring reds attack you once you walk in the room . There is plenty of that everywhere else you go , so this set has made it really easy to create a look that your baby will not outgrow so quickly , and wo n't make you squint your eyes in pain either . I highly recommend this set not only for parents looking for a gender neutral set in case they are choosing to not know the sex of the baby , but also for those parents who just do n't want the typical every day , every other nursery look . The quality is very nice , and one of my friends actually thought it was a much more expensive designer set she had seen in a catalog . A great product , five stars all the way .
 I have to be honest , my husband picked this set out . I was n't quite sure about it at first but I LOVE it now . We bought everything that matches . Painted the bottom half of the wall sage green & the top half a lighter version with the border in the middle . Our carpet is a very pale yellow , almost white -LRB- very daring -RRB- All of the furniture is white . The colors are soft which makes it a very calming room , it looks beautiful . I found out I was having a boy , but just to be on the safe side I wanted something that was unisex . The quality of everything is great . I washed the bed set and curtains and did n't have any kind of problems . I would recommend this to everyone !!!!
 After months of searching for that `` gender neutral '' bedding set , we found this one . The colors are perfect for either a boy or a girl , and the cross-stitched animals are very adorable . And , the palm trees , and birds are a nice touch . This bedding is very well made too . Trust me , we have looked at many . But , you really must see this bedding in person , as the internet picture does n't do it justice . I just hope that more accessory pieces will become available too.We plan on buying the wallpaper border , and have our eye on the lamp , and mobile as well .
 My husband and I just fell in love with this set ! It is perfect for a boy or a girl -LRB- we are having a boy -RRB- , and it 's not so `` baby '' that a toddler would cease to like it . We painted the room periwinkle blue and sage green to go with the colors in the quilt and put the matching wall boarder up as well ! We took two old dressers and painted one yellow and the other aqua and then cut out some of the animals from the remaining wall boarder and placed them on the drawer fronts . The quality is very nice and there is a lot of value out of getting all six pieces in one set . You wo n't be dissapointed ! Enjoy .
 The entire ` Malawi ' collection is beautiful . We are in the process of decorating our nursery and put up the border and it is just too precious . And the colors are great ... not to busy and boy/girl appropriate.I am so glad I went with this collection !
 If you are looking for more accessories for this set goto babylove.com .
 i have seen many more accessories for this cute set on
 We knew we were having a girl & when we saw this theme at Babies R Us we knew this was it ! We registered for every matching Malawi item available-rug , switchplate , wall art , lamp , nightlight , picture frame , club chair , table & chairs , toy chest , receiving blankets , etc. . Went a little crazy , but it all looks so cute-it makes us happy to walk into her room ! We painted the wall butter yellow-matching the giraffe & put the border & window valances up-it looks terrific . The sheets wash very well . Get this set-you 'll be glad you did !
 I bought everything Malawi ; from the bedding to the switch plate cover . and my baby boy 's room looks beautiful !
 My husband actually picked out this set and we just set it up in the nursery and simply love it . Not knowing what gender our baby will be , all our friends comment on how it is really perfect for either a boy or girl . The colors are bright and the animals provide such a friendly and comforting look . We hope our baby ends up loving it as much as we do !
 It have beautiful colors . My baby 's room is perfect and beautiful . We have it on time to decorate the room .
 We Love it . Love the colors . It is easy to find things to match . Cute for A boy or a girl .
 i fell in love with this theme and soon as i seen it , with my first son i had gotten winnie the pooh i didnt want to the same with my new son . i shopped around for almost 4mths trying to figure out what i wanted , which of course was neutral i didnt know what i was having yet . I had seen the bedding set @ babies r us first , thought it was kind of high but i loved it , i ended up going to baby depot i bought it there for 129.99 it was on sale . I love the colors on it very neutral and all the extras that you can get for it , i plan to have 1 more child so i believe if i have a girl it will go perfect as well .
 We love love love this pattern ! My only regret is that we did n't measure the nursery window first . The valance is fairly short , so it wo n't reach across our wide window . I plan to hang it above the closet door , instead . Also , does anybody even USE a diaper stacker anymore ? I think they should have included another sheet , decorative pillow , or nightlight instead of the diaper stacker . Other than these two issues , it has been great.I highly recommend getting some solid jersey knit or flannel sheets -LRB- sage green and baby blue -RRB- to match . The fabrics are n't as startling as cold cotton when you lay a sleepy baby down on them .
 This bedding is awesome . It is a great unisex pattern . The accessories are great too . I have the lamp , the valences , the sheets , fleece blanket , the border and the light switch . I decked out my son 's room with this pattern . It looks great .
 I really like this bedding . The theme is quite perfect since my husband and I both like animals . Our main reason for purchasing this set was the animals . We immediately washed the set and we were surprised that it did n't hold up well . Do not wash this set too much . We purchased additional crib sheets and these we change often but do n't wash this set if you do n't have to . Otherwise this is one of the best sets out there .
 I picked this bedding set on my registry and I just received the set , I set it up as soon as I got it and I could n't be happier . I am having a boy and I wanted to pick a set that was just perfect for a baby boy . I did n't want to pick an all blue set for the nursery and it just seems like everyone is doing the `` Bear in overalls '' theme . The `` animals '' theme is different and the blue , green , and yellow colors are just perfect for a boy . So if your looking for a set that will be perfect for your baby boy 's nursery this is the one right here !
 My husband and I chose this set because it is playful and sweet . We did not know the sex of our baby and felt that it would be perfect for either boy or girl . Our nursery is pale yellow w / antique white furniture . I sponge painted an armoir sage , bought a ceiling fan w / pastel blades , trimmed the blue edging off of the extra border we had to outline the windows , doors and closet in the room . Our son is 6 months old and he loves his nursery ! When I change him on the changing table he loves to look at the border and touch it ! He talks to his mobile and the animals on his bumper all the time !!!
 Love the set . When washed , it seems to hold up , but then it really did n't iron well . The decals are ironed on -LRB- I think -RRB- and they will stick to the other side if you are n't careful . Had to pull apart the diaper stacker because of it . Possible that I 'm just bad at ironing -LRB- not a bad trait -RRB- .
 When we got pregnant we knew we did n't want to know what it is . Then we started shopping and we thought that we would because there is NO gender neutral items . Then we happened to find this in the Babies r us . We fell in love with it and had to have it . So we bought the border to see if we could settle on paint a paint color . We decided to make the walls four different colors . It turned out so great . I ca n't wait for the baby to come home .
 I like this bedding set . Our baby loves the animals . We also got the mobile , the lamp , and the wall hangings . It 's great for a boy or a girl , so you will get lots of use out of it . The colors are nice and neutral , but cheerful enough for a baby 's room ! A great bedding set all around . The comforter part is kind of impractical , but great as a decoration .
 This set is absolutely gorgeous in person . The colors are gender neutral , so it works well for a girl or a boy . Although there is very little pink in the set , we chose some pink accents and they complemented very well.My daughter loves to touch and babble at the animals on bumper and the mobile -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . Having little animal faces comforting her is worth the set entirely since it gives her something to do in the morning before I get there . She will never feel alone in her crib with her little Malawi buddies watching over her.The quilt did come apart at the seams in a few small places after washing a few times , however a few stitches remedied that . The stitches must have been loose when I purchased it because it has n't happened again since I fixed it .
 I really like this set and so does my little girl ! She likes to look at the animals on the bumper pads and on the border . I use the quilt to decorate our glider since she ca n't use it in her bed.I gave this set 4 stars instead of 5 because I thought the bumper pads were really hard to get on . We managed once I went over and looked at my friend 's bedding set . I think it should come with instructions . My advice is to tie the pads to the corners of the crib first . Then go back and do the other ties . You really have to pull to get it to line up . Once you get the pads on , it looks great!Also , the border came off in a couple of places , but we got some wallpaper paste , and it worked just fine and has stayed up ever since ! It looks great with her blue walls.Instead of buying the wall art , we cut a few squares out of the extra border and put them in frames . It looks great and is a lot cheaper!Overall , I really like this set and would recommend it .
 I searched for literally 2 months for the `` perfect '' bedding set and none seemed to fit all my requirements . There were always bad reviews about them `` falling apart '' or `` shrinking '' and the ones that did n't fall apart on everyone were either extremely boyish -LSB- I 'm having a girl -RSB- or they just did n't look right . I had seen the Malawi set online on numerous occasions but it was n't until I saw it on BabyBeddingTown that I really fell in love with it , the BRU pic does n't do it justice , so I 'd never bothered to look at it in the store . Well I 'm glad I saw it in a different light . I showed my husband the set in the store and we both loved it so much we bought it the very next day . It is ADORABLE in person , and not gender specific , which I was very cautious of as I am having a girl . The blue looks overwhelming online but in person you notice more of the green around the blue and the animals , so it works perfect . And the material is a lot softer than I 'd imagined . The only thing I wish was different is the matching sheet which you can purchase seperately is in the blue plaid material , unlike the set which is a yellow plaid material , but I can easily live with that . I highly reccomend this bedding set : -RRB-
 And we LOVE it . We needed something gender neutral , although we will hopefully be finding out our baby 's sex in a few weeks the baby is sharing a room with it 's big brother ... so we definately did n't want `` girlie '' in there and we wanted it to match our son 's decor . We are going to be repainting the walls , we 're doing a very pale blue below the chair rail and above the chair rail a light green/yellow modeled effect . We also bought the matching wallpaper border to go on the baby 's wall by the chair rail ... it 's going to be SO cute . I love it ! It looks much better in person !
 Absolutely adorable set , that is n't too babyish . A previous reviewer talked about using it until their child was a toddler . The store at BabyCenter.com carries a twin size quilt in this pattern -LRB- perhaps babiesrus will start carrying it soon too -RRB- it would make switching the room over to a `` big kids '' room very easy .
 I am 7 1 \ 2 months pregnant , and have my baby boy 's room all done . I bought this set , and it is very cute . I wanted something that I could leave up in his room until he is at least 3 . We plan on having another baby , and will use it again even if we have a girl . I painted the walls a light yellow , and the trim white . We also had a blue rug installed . The room is beautiful .
 This nursery theme is adorable ! We didnt know the sex of our baby and it turned out to be perfect . Our little girl is now 8 months old and she loves to look at the animals . When she wakes up she spends at least 10 minutes looking at the animals on the crib bumper . The peach color in the pattern could pass for pink if you accent it with pink blankets , rugs , etc. . You could do the same for blue or sage green for a boy . This is an excellent choice if you dont know the sex of your baby ! We put the wall border at the very top of the walls . It looks really cute . I am going to purchase the toddler bed Malawi set so she can keep this theme for her toddler room also .
 I absolutely LOVE this bedding set . It looks stunning and I would highly recommend it . I just dont care for the valance thats included , its pretty but looks awfull when it hangs , I wont be using it .
 I registered for this bedding set , and it is just so nice.We paitned the room Yellow with a sage green trim and it matches so great . It ggod for a boy or girl . ... I cant wait for our little boy to arrive to enjoy his beautiful room . 8 more weeks !
 This was by far , my favorite bedding set that Babies R us carried . I received it for my baby shower , and we went right home and set it up . It looks absolutely adorable . The sheets washed nicely , and the bumpers are a nice thick quality . I could n't be more pleased with the set . It is great for a boy or a girl , and because the set is so colorful , any color sheet matches great . Very pleased .
 We purchased this when we were expecting our son . We love it . His room was painted a pale green on the bottom for grass and the top half and ceiling were painted a baby blue and my husband sponge painted clouds on the ceiling . It looks so cute!We did purchase the whole entire set including all of the wall decorations , lamp , switchplate cover and hamper . I was able to use everything in the set . My crib is a sleigh crib , so the comforter hangs over the sleigh rail in the front!We love this set and highly recommend it to anyone !!!!
 Very nice looking and good quality . Have the entire collection including the wall accessories , lamp and valances . Would buy it all over again !
 We bought this set plus the lamp shade , light switch cover and frame . I wanted something gender neutral so that future children could also use it . However , for the last 18 mos that our daughter has used it , I felt a little regret that I did n't get something more girly because quite frankly while this is `` neutral '' , it 's more boyish with the blue and green . I do agree you could throw in some pink and purple to make it work better for a girl.As far as quality goes , it 's satisfactory . The sheet is holding up ok after dozens of washes but like most people have mentioned , this set wrinkles very easily . I just ironed the diaper stacker and skirt and it looked fine again . The comforter is stiff and polyester feeling . Clearly , it 's more for decor than for function.All in all I like it .
 I , too , went all out being this is my first baby and we could n't be happier with our Malawi themed nursery . We did n't know what we were having and the colors would have worked for either a girl or boy . Our son loves his mobile and I am thrilled with the quality of the bedding and accessories.I highly recommend this set .
 I bought this when I was pregnant with my son , who is now 10 months old , because it 's so neutral for boy or girl . I absolutely love it and my son loves to look at the animals on the bumper pad as well as the mobile -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- . I do n't know why they include a diaper stacker because no one ever uses those anymore . The valance worked perfect on our window and it looks great with the room.I suggest buying the jersey knit sheets by Kidsline especially for winter use cuz the cotton sheet is a little cold for them when they 're warm and sleepy . They have great matching colors for this set like the sage , yellow , cream , blue and pink . Buy this theme ; it 's awesome !!
 We bought this bedding for our daughter before she was born . We knew we were having a girl , but I did n't believe thema nd I thought that this would be able to go either way . We painted the walls a beige and the ceiling a blue with the border , and it looks awesome . We got most of the accessories except our 8 year old niece drew pics of safari animals and we had them framed for the walls and it really brought the whole room together ! What is nice also is that the John Lennon receiving blankets and Sienna Patterns also look nice with this line , so the choices are endless ! I have some pieces of those lines also and it really looks nice!Our daughter is now 2 and we have moved her into a big bed and wish it came in full size ! It is nice because we can use it again whenever we have another.Huge thumbs up !!!!!!
 I love this bedding , too ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it could have a higher thread count , but it 's really cute and works for a little boy -LRB- we 're having a boy -RRB- . I plan to get higher-thread-count crib sheets for the elements that actually touch the baby.Anyway , an earlier reviewer wanted to know what color paint matches the yellow . We got ours at Home Depot -- it 's by Behr , and the color is `` Moon Dance '' , no. 380C-3 . Yellows are very hard , because what looks fine on a paint chip can scream luridly from 4 walls . This color is a nice , clean , pale-lemon color that offsets the sage-and-blue tones we 're using in the rest of the room . It 's warm but not intrusive . Just thought I 'd offer that up as a public service . Enjoy !
 I looked everywhere for a crib set that I really liked and would be neutral for both a boy or girl , since we do n't know what are having . The colors are great for both sexes and so is the pattern . I was a little uneasy paying so much for a crib set , but the quality is excellent and my husband loves it too .
 My husband and I love this set . We do n't know if we are having a boy or a girl , so we wanted something for either and that could grow with our child . The actual colors and fabrics are much prettier than on the website . We painted the walls a medium blue and two dressers , one yellow and one green to match . We purchased animal knobs at a home improvement center for the dressers . I washed the bumpers with Dreft on delicate cycle and hung to dry , they came out beautifully , it held its shape and there were no rips . I washed and dried the sheet on delicate and had no fading and very few wrinkles . I have n't washed any of the other items yet because they wo n't be touching the baby . -LRB- We are hanging the quilt on the wall for now . -RRB- We purchased or registered for many of the coordinating accessories , but we like that we can add almost anything animal theme to the room and it fits in nicely . Everyone tells us how gorgeous the room is and we ca n't wait for the baby to arrive in a couple of weeks to see how he or she likes it .
 We bought this set for our son when he was born . He just turned 2 and we are still using this set on his toddler bed . The set is well made and we will use it again for our 3rd child if we find out it 's a boy.We painted our son 's room sage green from the chair rail down and a med . sky blue above the chair rail and the ceiling . Then we faux finished light and airy clouds on the blue . It looks wonderful and he has been able to grow with it.The only thing that I found wrong was that the ties on the bumper pad were not long enough to tie in bows , and one of the ties came off , I just sew it back on ... no big deal !
 We bought our set last night and I washed it all . The quilt ripped in the wash , but Babies R Us exchanged it with no problem . My only other complaint would be how WRINKLED the sheets get ... Maybe after a few more washes they will soften up a little.It looks super cute in our babies room -LRB- we do n't know what we are having -RRB- . We have white furniture and painted a periwinkle blue color . Very sharp looking!We even bought some plain colored sheets that match great , I thought the replacement sheets that matched were a little pricey .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . I liked this set the first time I saw it and love it even more now that the nursery is all decorated . We painted the room a pale yellow on top and sage green on the bottom and put the border print in the middle . It looks great ! My mother-in-law made curtains to match the valence . I found matching fabric on www.onestepahead.com . Our daughter is now 2 months old and loves to look at the border print when being changed . The print is adorable and I love the soft colors but the quality is only good , not great .
 My husband actually picked out this set and we just set it up in the nursery and simply love it . Not knowing what gender our baby will be , all our friends comment on how it is really perfect for either a boy or girl . The colors are bright and the animals provide such a friendly and comforting look . We hope our baby ends up loving it as much as we do !
 My husband and I are adopting our first child soon . The colors on the Malawi set are calming and neutral . The fabric and stiching is of good quality . I can imagine parents teaching their children the names of all of the animals.I thought this might be interesting to others too
 We bought this for our son 's nursery . Actually , my husband picked it out . The colors are bright and beautiful , and the patchwork animals are adorable . I am purchasing some of the other accessories soon and ca n't wait to see the finished room . My only complaint is that the bumper drew up some when I washed it and line dried it . The two ends do n't quite meet together . OVerall , you will not be disappointed with this set .
 I love this bedding set . We researched so many baby sets , and this one not only had the best ratings , but is beautiful to boot . It washes well , and the colorful animals really brighten up not only my baby 's day , but mine too . I would recommend this set to any parent . Also , kudos to the grandma who made the valance into pillows . I did the same thing , and hung the pillows on the wall with ribbons . It 's cute , and easy to do . BUY THIS SET ! You wo n't regret it .
 I ordered this for my baby boy and I love this bedding ! I also have the lamp with the blue base and the clothes hamper . I just think it makes a nursery look so pretty and it can be for boy or girl which is really nice .
 I love this bedding set , we bought this as a neutral set b/c we did n't know what we were having . My firts choice was Noah 's Ark , we could n't find it and this was our next choice , I am glad we chose this one . Now that we have our son we love it and its perfect for him . We are now thinking of getting the whole set of accessories that go along with it . Its great for any parent that loves the neutral look and do n't like the whole athletic or barn yard theme for a boy . The colors are great and bright enough for him to love and enjoy w/o blinding him either .
 This is the cutest theme . My 2 month old son loves looking at the animals , he just stares at them . The bedding is good quality and I love everything about the entire set !!
 We love this bedding for our baby boy . We are still trying to decide on a paint color for the room ? For anyone who has already painted the room , what color did you do and what would you recommend ??
 I had choosen this bedding set because I really liked it in the store . I had figured it was very gender neutral . I received it for my baby shower and it looks even better in the nursery . I get so many compliments on the entire Malawi set . I think I pretty much received everthing and everything was top quality !!
 We actually ended up buying all the products that go w / the Malawi set and absoluately love it . We have found that the valance hangs much better with a wide valance rod.We primarly chose this because it is gender neutral and were not disappointed . The colors are soft and when mixed with pastel wall colors , it is perfect for either gender .
 We too do not know the gender of our baby and this set is perfect . The animals and colors are soooo cute . I sometimes wish they would make this for adults . :--RRB- I highly recommend this theme for either gender . The quality is excellent . We also purchased the pillow , hamper , picture frame , wall pegs and growth chart to match . The nursery is absolutely adorable .
 We purchased this bedding set because I really liked the color 's , most of my house has the same or similar colors so it went well with everything . Also , I was not sure if we were having a Girl or Boy so it works either way . The only downside is that I could not find a lot of the other accessories in stock . We purchesed all the usual accessories bedding , lamp , mobile ... but I would have liked a few more things for the walls and the only ones I found I did n't care for . Otherwise , I 'm very happy with the set .
 We are having a boy and wanted something more on sporty looking , but everything we found was to bright and not soothing for a infant . We love this set . We painted the bottom half of the room blue and the top half yellow with the border inbetween . It looks great . The two colors realy bring out all of the plaid patterns . My only problem is the valance , it is too big for a normal size window . It does not need to be as long as it is . And if they are going to put one in the set they might as well put the other in there too . Most rooms have two windows .
 I really love the style of this crib set and that the patterns and colors are gender neutral . I do n't like the pattern on the sheet though , I prefer the Carter 's crib sheet in blue to go with this set , I think it matches better . I tried the Carter 's crib sheet in sage and once washed and in place the sheet is much brighter than the colors on the bumper and ruffle and do n't match at all . Stick with Carter 's sheets in blue for a perfect match!Hi ! It 's 28 months later and I 'm expecting baby # 2 . I sold the diaper stacker as I never used it . The sheet has held up nicely -LRB- thicker than the Carter 's sheets I have -RRB- , and I have n't had any problems with the ruffle or comforter -LRB- which I use as a wall hanging -RRB- . I had to trim the valance some since it was too long for my windows , and I also sewed down the hanging tabs since I did n't like the way it looked.My complaint is about the bumper . In the past few months the stitching has come off of the trim on the edges and I had to sew it back on and I had to sew 2 ties back on as well . I guess it 's to be expected since because the bumper was the item that received the most wear in the set with my son always stepping on it or it being removed to be washed , etc. . . Hope this helps !
 We bought this set before we found out we were having a girl because we wanted to select something we could use for future children as well . This is one of the few out there that is truly gender neutral.Once we found out we were having a girl , we painted the nursery lavendar -LRB- which looks great with the border -RRB- and accesorized with more girly things -LRB- pinks and purples blend just fine with it -RRB- . So even though the set is gender neutral , you can tell you 're walking into a girl 's room when you enter the nursery . The set really is adorable . We have the comforter , sheet , bumper pad , diaper stacker , valance , lamp , light switch cover , night light , padded wall hangings and rug.My daughter stares at the border all the time and we hung the padded wall hangings over the changing table . She loves to look at those as well . She is totally intrigued by the animals.My one complaint is that it becomes obvious when the set is washed . Ours has n't fallen apart or anything , but it just has a `` wrinkled '' look to it that I wish it did n't have . But all in all , it still looks very cute and it makes my little one smile which makes ME happy !
 After many weeks of shopping , we liked this one the best . We ended up decorating the room safari style and these pieces really tied up the theme . All of the bedding , including the quilt , the curtains and the bumper washed very well and still looked great when I pulled them out of the dryer !
 I decided to buy this bedding set after about 2 months of doing research and have been using it for 7 months . I absolutely love it . The fabric is very high quality and the colors are perfect for boy or girl . I was able to find all the matching pieces to go with it , including a rug . We painted the walls a light green . This set makes the most beautiful baby 's room ... we got lots of compliments on ours.I highly recomend buying it .
 We bought this set before we found out that we were having a girl , but then we wanted something neutral just in case . We painted the room light green at the bottom and then light yellow on top with the border in the middle . The border is quite pricey and the set only comes with one valance . But everthing blended well . We had no problems with the fabric after washing them . We just love how calming it looks ! It is easy to blend almost anything with it because of the different colors that it carries . Definitely would recommend to other parents !
 I was looking for something that was n't all denim or completely blue and I fell in love with this set . My baby 's room is the best room in the house ! I have just about everything you can find to go with this set and when I was pregnant , it was n't easy to find . I am so glad they are carrying more of it at Babies R Us now . I also found the perfect paint to go with it . In case you are wondering and like the color blue , it is `` Celestial '' , by Sherwin Williams . I also painted the trim in the room `` Orange Frenzy '' . Everyone thinks it 's just gorgeous and the baby seems to love it in there .
 I really enjoyed the bright colors of this bedding set . I feel the quality of the fabric and the stitching were a little bit nicer than some of the other sets I have seen .
 After finding out my pregnancy had a low chance of miscarriage , the bedding set was the most exciting purchase in my mind . I am not thrilled with getting everything that matches exactly with a set . I also plan to avoid the pink or blue standard wall colors . I 'd like a more original and versatile nursery . The Malawi set gives me the opportunity to pull out the pretty orange colors for the walls and have a fun and different nursery . The animals are cute and I found a great stuffed giraffe to help bring out the orange . The set is perfect for a boy or girl , and now that I know I am having a girl , I can adjust my nursery to be a little more feminine . The only problem I have is that the vallance is too short . Another reviewer said it was too long . I guess we have a big nursery window . I 'll have to add side curtain panels if I want to use it .
 We love this set ! It 's neutral for either boys or girls , since we are waiting for the big day to find out . It works well with our yellow walls and sky painted ceiling . We love animals and figure it will be just another way to start teaching the little one about animals . I actually purchased it at Babycenter since it was on sale for less than I saw anywhere else . Check around for pricing ...
 I like this sheet because it is soft , washes well and matches the set . I 've only washed it a few times because my son still mostly sleeps in his bassinet . It does have some wrinkles when I take it out of the dryer , but when I put in on the mattress I hardly notice them . It fits very tightly on my mattress , which makes it a little difficult to get on but keeps it in place . It does cost more than solid color knit sheets , but it 's worth it if you like everything to match .
 I bought this sheet for my child two years ago when she was born . It has held up well until now , the edges are a little ripped but still usable . It fits very snug on the mattress which I liked , but makes it a little hard to change out . Yes , it wrinkles out of the dryer , but it is so taught on the mattress you ca n't see the wrinkles once it 's on . It is also thicker than other less expensive sheets we have purchased . I have another baby coming and I will buy another one .
 after reading the reviews i still went for it and got this extra crib sheet , the first time i washed it and put it in the dryer on no heat of course so it wont shrink , it came very wrinkled i had to iron it . . what i do now is wash it on extra low cycle and when i take it out the dryer i stretch it out a little then hang dry it and looks brand new and i have to wash them often with my son due to reflex problems
 I just purchased two of these sheets for my newborn twins . I washed them for the first time and put them on the mattresses ... no problems at all with fitting or wrinkling . They appear very durable and so far , I am very pleased !
 Got this because my gf was bumping into sharp corners of my el cheapo ikea queen bed . Applies very easy , glue seem to hold for a year now with no issue .
 I really like this edge protector . I did n't have trouble with it sticking like other people 's reviews said . In fact I had a little trouble getting it off some of my smoother surfaces . But you can always remove any adhesive residue with alcohol and a razor blade scraper.I like that you can cut it to the size you need and it is very soft . I also like that there are multiple colors .
 I covered almost every corner in my house with this product -LRB- I purchased rolls -RRB- - after I saw my toddler collide with a corner wall and cut his forehead . Until my next house is built with bullnose corners , this product does a great job at reducing the possibility of damage during falls , and the price was very cheap compared to other sellers .
 I placed this onto the corners of my tiled stairs . I was very worried about the corners hurting my baby and have searched everywhere for something that can hold up well and prevent a serious accident . I glued these on about 1 year ago and they are still there today and have prevented my little girl from really hurting herself on that very sharp edge . I would highly recommend this product to cover up those sharp edges from stairs , or platforms .
 The hamper fit into a comfortable space in the room and blended well with the decor . It was a welcome and practical gift . The take out bag is convenient for traveling to the washing machine and is easily washable .
 I REALLY LIKE THE CHAMBRAY HAMPER . IT FITS A LARGE AMOUNT OF LAUNDRY AND FOLDS FOR CONVIENENCE . HOWEVER , MY ONE YEAR OLD MANAGED TO GET ONE OF THE WOOD BUTTONS OFF OF THE FLAP AND INTO TO HIS MOUTH . I BELIEVE THE BUTTONS ARE MOST LIKELY TO LARGE TO CHOKE ON BUT I STILL REMOVED BOTH OF THEM . THE HAMPER IS STILL REALLY CUTE , EVEN WITHOUT THE BUTTONS AND YOU REALLY CAN NOT BEAT THAT PRICE , OVERALL I THINK ITS A GREAT DEAL .
 I love this hamper . It looks nice in my daughters room and it is very versatile as well . Inner bag lifts out easily for carrying to the washer/dryer . Very durable and attractive .
 My son is now 21/2 and we still use this hamper in his bedroom . Outstanding quality . It even held up in an interstate move and temporary storage in humid Florida . It held a lot of newborn sized clothes but it holds about a weeks worth of toddler clothing too . Highly recommend
 I bought this four our 4 year old 's room . It 's done in horses and the blue matched perfectly with her bed spread . The mesh bag inside could be a little bigger . But it seems to work fine .
 This hamper is great ! It looks awesome in my son 's room , and it is sturdy enough to hold a week 's worth of his laundry , including sheets ! The inside liner has held up very well , no rips or tears . The real seller for me was that it will fit with his `` big boy '' room decor . I am expecting our second baby and have already registered for another one !
 I got this for my 2 year olds bedroom , and we use it for his clothes as well as baby clothes since we are expecting our second child in a few weeks . It holds both of their clothes nicely , and the removable mesh bag makes it easy to do laundry . I also like that I can tie on my son 's mesh laundry bag onto the frame for the small socks -LRB- since the sock monster lives in my washing machine motor -RRB- . I really do n't see the need for washing the outer fabric unless you are not using the mesh bag . I 'm thinking about getting one for my room , so my husband will pick up his dirty socks !
 I received this hamper as a shower gift and am super pleased with it . I love the removable mesh liner , it makes the trip to the laundry room very easy . It is pretty large and can hold a whole load of laundry so I know when its full that I have a load ready to go . The bedding set I purchased -LRB- Lambs & Ivy All Stars -RRB- did not have a matching hamper and I am pleased that the chambray color goes very well with the beddng . It looks like it belongs together and it is a very attractive hamper .
 Item was just as pictured and there was no assembly required . I just opened the box and set the hamper up . I love that there is a separate bag within it for the dirty clothes and it 's the perfect size for my son 's nursery .
 We love the hamper . I do not use anything in the nursery more except the changing table . We have the blue one and to spice it up a bit we bought little airplanes -LRB- our sons room decor -RRB- from Hobby Lobby -LRB- any craft store will do -RRB- and glued them in place of the buttons . Though after our son was able to start roaming we had to remove them so he would not try to remove them himself and eat them , but by that age we were too busy chasing him to care about decor anymore.The hamper is light , big enough to hold everything yet small enough to put anywhere without being a big trip zone.Another great plus is that you can wash the fabric , huge bonus in my book .
 This hamper makes doing the laundry a snap . I just take the inner mesh liner full of dirty clothes down to the laundry room with me when it 's full . The mesh liner makes a great `` basket '' to cary the clean clothes back upstairs in as well . The hamper is small enough to not be too noticable in the corner , but large enough to hold a load of dirty baby clothes . It 's a vital piece in my nursery !
 This hamper is fantastic ! I love that the mesh basket inside just slides right out making laundry time so much easier ! And it 's so adorable . I very rarely have the flap over the top , since I tend to undress and toss , but it 's still precious !
 This hamper is great and will match almost any color scheme . My son 's room is Lambs & Ivy Precious Cargo and the blue goes perfectly!Some people are complaining about shrinkage , but the inside mesh liner keeps the actual hamper from getting dirty . The actual fabric of the hamper is such a snug fit that I can see where any shrinkage would make it a problem to put it back on . But like I said , I have n't needed to wash the fabric ... but I 've thrown the mesh bag in the wash HUNDREDS of times . No problems there ! Definitely worth the price !
 This hamper has worked wonderfully . It does n't take up much room , yet it has a large capapcity for clothes . It also looks nice in the room . I am getting another one , now that my guy is older , to sort his laundry better . Great VALUE for the price !!
 This hamper is so cute and goes very well with the Osh Kosh `` Bears Bears Everywhere '' border , valences , and bedding set that we picked out . I like that it folds up easily , and that the inside liner comes out to use like a laundry bag .
 This hamper is perfect for my son 's room . It does n't take up much space , but holds a lot of clothes , sheets , etc. . It is cute and sturdy at the same time . I love the removable mesh basket - it makes taking laundry to the washer very easy . I definitely recommend this !
 I love that you can take the inner net bag out and just carry that to the laundry room ... so easy !
 love this hamper . cheaper than some of the others and looks great . i espcially love the net bag that can be removed to bring to the laundry room .
 This hamper is wonderful ! You do n't have to take the whole thing to the laundry room . Just pull out the net bag on the inside . It is so great !
 I adore this hamper . It is so cute and matches my son 's room very well.I love that you can pull the inner basket out with just the pull of a few loops and take the whole thing to the laundry room.However , I very rarely have the top cover actually over it . It 's just easier to toss in whatever clothes I need to , so I guess I never bother.For $ 20 I think it 's well worth it .
 The mesh laundry bag inside is constructed well and the buttons on the front flap of the cover add a nice touch .
 given as a gift and the person was very pleased with the product
 Not only was this hamper stylish but it will hold a ton of dirty clothes , i love how i can put my cover over it when my son has his company !
 I bought the lavender hamper for my 2 year old , and love it . Although , we did paint the wood frame white to match her all lavender/white room . It looks so cute , but do follow people 's advice when they advise not to wash it . I have n't washed mine , but maybe someday will see if it can be dry cleaned and without shrinking it . The new one I bought is the pink one for my 9 year old . I am also painting this frame white . Her room is all white and pink . What can I say , I am just not a fan of the light wood color . Other than that , we love them !
 I was a little scared ordering this off the interet because things are not usually what they seem to be . This hamper is adorable I have gotten so many compliments on it . Also if anybody is buying the oshkosh baby bears bedroom set this hamper matches perfectly .
 takes up little space and I love the mesh bag inside it you just pull out and to the washer I go . No complaints lots of room
 I received this hamper as a baby shower gift and I love it ! It looks nice and it 's affordable , but the best part about it is it 's convenience . You can remove the inside liner and take the clothes out without having to lug around the whole hamper . I recommend it to everyone !
 I was finishing up my nursery and was grateful to find this . On the one hand , there are cheaper laundry hampers . But the cheaper ones never have a mesh liner like this one . I 'm very grateful I do n't have to reconstruct the hamper every time I take clothes down to the laundry room . On the other hand , there are are more expensive hampers -- but for the cost this one is great . This one also looks very nice and tailored . It 's a great affordable option and I was not disappointed .
 Wish I had ordered more for my older children to use in their rooms .
 We purchased this hamper for our daughters nursery and I 'm very pleased with it . It did not require any assembly and it does not take up a lot of space . I like the mesh laundry bag that goes inside , it just makes toting all the dirty clothes to the washer that much easier .
 I am so happy with this hamper . It is perfect for my two preschool aged children , and looks great in their room . I was pleasantly surprised by the generous proportions of this hamper . It is also convenient in that it has an inner mesh bag that can be easily removed to bring the clothes to the laundry room .
 I just bought this hamper to go in my sons room because I was tired of throwing his clothes on the floor . I really enjoy this hamper . It matches his bedding perfectly -LRB- beep beep -RRB- . It has the removable mesh inside which is wonderful . I love the flap that goes over the top , so you do n't see the clothes . There is NO assembly except take it out of the box and unfold !! If it would hold my clothes , I would get one for me ! Would make a great shower gift !
 Great hamper . Nice size , shape and the inner mesh bag is terrific so you do n't have to go digging deep to get the dirty clothes out . . just lift the bag out and empty into the washing machine!TIP FOR WASHING THE OUTER BAG ... wash on cold or warm then put back onto the frame to dry it . Do n't put it into the dryer if you are worried it 's going to shrink . -LRB- see reviews below -RRB- I received one of these as a shower gift and went back to buy another for my newest addition to the family , another baby girl ! I love the blue colour as it 's not too boyish and too much pink is just too much for me !!
 This hamper looks so cute in our son 's room and I love how much laundry it holds ! Being a first time mom , I have quickly learned how much dirty laundry a little baby can make ! It 's nice to not have to empty the hamper all the time . I also love the removable inner bag , it makes it so easy to take the dirty laundry downstairs to be washed . I really like this product and would definitely recommend it .
 Wonderful Product !! These days everything you buy you have to put together . When I opened the box I was pleasantly surprised . It was already assmebled . Mesh bag is a great idea . This hamper is very functionable . Way to go KIDSLINE .
 We are very happy with this hamper . It looks great in the baby 's room and is very functional . Easy to open and throw baby clothes in . Also , easy to empty and carry to the laundry room if desired .
 I absolutely love the way this looks in my house . It was a little tough to get hung at exactly the right height . We also are still trying to figure out the right kind of pen to use to write on it . But we love the way it looks , and that it is portable - you 're not stuck with where you keep your kids ' measurements in the house .
 I love the fact that this is solid wood construction and feels like it will likely out-last me and possibly even my kiddo ! I do wish there were comment that tells you how high to hang the nail -LRB- rather than having to measure it and risk messing it up ! -RRB- and it would be great if we could order an `` extender '' for when they get older -LRB- right now it barely goes over 6 ' and the guys in our family are 6 ' 6 '' + !! -RRB- but overall , it is wonderful and is sure to delight my son for many years .
 I absolutely love the way this looks in my house . It was a little tough to get hung at exactly the right height . We also are still trying to figure out the right kind of pen to use to write on it . But we love the way it looks , and that it is portable - you 're not stuck with where you keep your kids ' measurements in the house .
 I love the fact that this is solid wood construction and feels like it will likely out-last me and possibly even my kiddo ! I do wish there were comment that tells you how high to hang the nail -LRB- rather than having to measure it and risk messing it up ! -RRB- and it would be great if we could order an `` extender '' for when they get older -LRB- right now it barely goes over 6 ' and the guys in our family are 6 ' 6 '' + !! -RRB- but overall , it is wonderful and is sure to delight my son for many years .
 I absolutely love the way this looks in my house . It was a little tough to get hung at exactly the right height . We also are still trying to figure out the right kind of pen to use to write on it . But we love the way it looks , and that it is portable - you 're not stuck with where you keep your kids ' measurements in the house .
 I love the fact that this is solid wood construction and feels like it will likely out-last me and possibly even my kiddo ! I do wish there were comment that tells you how high to hang the nail -LRB- rather than having to measure it and risk messing it up ! -RRB- and it would be great if we could order an `` extender '' for when they get older -LRB- right now it barely goes over 6 ' and the guys in our family are 6 ' 6 '' + !! -RRB- but overall , it is wonderful and is sure to delight my son for many years .
 Peace of mind !! Our daughter has autism and recently figured out the window stops we were using on our second floor windows . These guards were VERY easy to install , arrived quickly with standard shipping and have allowed us to sleep again . The only down side was the guard was n't quite tall enough for our windows . To prevent her from squeezing her head under or over the top we used two guards one on top of the other .
 We have low windows on the second floor and while the cat did jump once , thankfully , the kids have been safely kept inside !
 I love to open the windows and let fresh spring air come in and I have n't been able to do it since my little ones started moving about . Now with the window bars I can relax and let them play knowing they are safe . They love it too !! They giggle at the birds outside and say `` hi '' to our neighbours :--RRB- So worth the money !
 I absolutely love the way this looks in my house . It was a little tough to get hung at exactly the right height . We also are still trying to figure out the right kind of pen to use to write on it . But we love the way it looks , and that it is portable - you 're not stuck with where you keep your kids ' measurements in the house .
 I love the fact that this is solid wood construction and feels like it will likely out-last me and possibly even my kiddo ! I do wish there were comment that tells you how high to hang the nail -LRB- rather than having to measure it and risk messing it up ! -RRB- and it would be great if we could order an `` extender '' for when they get older -LRB- right now it barely goes over 6 ' and the guys in our family are 6 ' 6 '' + !! -RRB- but overall , it is wonderful and is sure to delight my son for many years .
 I absolutely love the way this looks in my house . It was a little tough to get hung at exactly the right height . We also are still trying to figure out the right kind of pen to use to write on it . But we love the way it looks , and that it is portable - you 're not stuck with where you keep your kids ' measurements in the house .
 I love the fact that this is solid wood construction and feels like it will likely out-last me and possibly even my kiddo ! I do wish there were comment that tells you how high to hang the nail -LRB- rather than having to measure it and risk messing it up ! -RRB- and it would be great if we could order an `` extender '' for when they get older -LRB- right now it barely goes over 6 ' and the guys in our family are 6 ' 6 '' + !! -RRB- but overall , it is wonderful and is sure to delight my son for many years .
 I only wish I would have found this a long time ago . It 's exactly what I 've been searching for . thanks you
 We 're expecting twins and need car seats for them . We used a Graco SnugRide with my son 4 years ago but 1 . that was before the redesign that lets them hold a little bigger baby and 2 . the padding in his was THIN and 3 . a cat got in our garage and peed on his so I do n't want to use it again EVER -LRB- except maybe to hurl at that cat -RRB- . My biggest concern with the SnugRide was that my son 's was so hard - he hated being in the car seat as an infant . I briefly considered getting something `` fancier '' -LRB- such as the Chicco Keyfit -RRB- thinking it might be more comfortable for baby OR getting the Graco SafeSeat 1 since it can be used longer . However , the fancier seats cost more and the SnugRide has always come out on top for safety - even with the recent bizarre recalled safety test , Graco won . So I set about finding a SnugRide that was comfy - and not ugly ! -LRB- There are some remarkably hideous SnugRides out there !!! -RRB- A tip - the Graco seats that come with the travel systems * seem * to be more cheaply made , thin padding , etc. . If you want a nice one , you may have to buy alone - not an issue for us since Graco does n't sell a double travel system anyway that I can tell . Look for the Gracos with the `` gracopedic '' foam . Some of the SafeSeats have them , some of the SnugRides have them . It 's GOOD stuff.The cover on this seat is flashy , but neutral . I mean , you can use it for a girl or a boy . We are having two little girls and hope to have one more child - this could be re-used either way.The fabric is nylony - kind of smooth , slippery , not scratchy . * Maybe * not as nice as cotton but my thinking is little spills will wipe off easily.Two cons - sunshades have to be assembled yourself and it 's a little tricky , and I do n't know that the `` boot '' will proove that useful . But all around this is a safer , comfier , and cheaper seat than the flashier brands - even if it is pricey for a SnugRide . Worth the extra money.We decided ultimately to skip the SafeSeat since , even though the longer range of use is nice , realistically we are not going to want to be hauling two babies in buckets once they get that big . The seat itself is bigger and just seems more akward over all . Maybe a good consideration , though , for only one baby.SnugRide in Lotus seems the way to go , to me . Search around - I was able to get this seat for thirty bucks less than here . ; - -RRB-
 We 've been using the SnugRide for the past 2 months now and it is very sturdy and easy to use . It is more expensive than some infant seats but does score high marks for ease of use . It is also on the heavy side , but so are most modern infant seats . It integrates well with our Graco stroller and has a spiffy red and black color scheme . The only drawback I can think of thus far is the mechanism to adjust the harness is more inconveniently placed than some other seats I 've used . Other than that , it 's an excellent seat . Having an extra base is ideal for 2-car families to facilitate driving baby around .
 I love the color and design of this seat as well as the excellent safety reputation . It 's gender-neutral and not so `` babyish '' as some of the designs out there . My 2000 New Beetle has the LATCH system which was great for installing the seat , but the new recommendations are to install the seat behind the driver , and it just would n't fit . Not unless I drive with my knees completely up in my chest . It installed fine behind the passenger side , but similarly , a front seat passenger will not have much leg room . I 'm still very happy with my purchase . I just wanted to put this FYI out there for anyone else who might drive a small car like me .
 We bought this seat last summer for our preemie son . For safety record , you ca n't beat a Snugride , but some of the patterns did n't exactly wow me . I wanted something sharp and gender-neutral , and this pattern -LRB- Lotus -RRB- fit the bill.After using this seat for five months , I can say that the fabric is quite durable . It is , however , not soft , and would probably be very hot in the summer -LRB- a problem the Metropolitan fabric also suffers from -RRB- . The canopy has been very useful for keeping out rain , snow , and wind . The boot , however , does n't really offer much protection.The infant inserts in this model are outstanding . When our boy came home he weighed 5 lb 4 oz and the inserts kept him secure quite easily . Adjusting the straps and moving the harness up were n't exactly easy but it was doable and still feels secure.We pair this seat with the Graco stroller frame , which you ca n't beat for price and ease of use .
 After trying 3 other types of infant and toddler tubs , rings , etc. with my oldest , I finally bought this one for our new baby . I love that I do n't have to fill the tub all the way -LRB- saves water -RRB- , but it is still big enough for him to splash around and play with toys . The lying down side worked great for the first few months , and now at 13 mos old he is still loving the sitting up side . Also , there 's nothing pressing on his crotch area -LRB- like with the toddler bath rings -RRB- . It 's super easy to clean - no crevices or fabric to get moldy.Even with our tiny 5x6 ' bathroom we are able to lean it against the wall out of the way . When guests come , we slip it under his crib to hide . It is definitely worth the price , as you wo n't need anything other than this .
 I got this from a friend of mine and I love it . It keeps my son submerged in water , allows him freedom to float and move his legs -LRB- read
 I have loved this tub since we got it , our daughter was around 2 weeks old . She seemed so small in it then but she has grown into it now 18 months old . It will last us for at least another year with her . She has so much fun just being in it . It helps save on water considering she loves a full bath tub . I would n't recommend buying anything else .
 My daughter LOVES this bathtub ! We originally had one of the travel kinds that fold up and she hated it . Only her bottom was in the water , so I had a hard time keeping her warm . I love how this one she also had her back and legs in the water , and she loved being able to kick in the water and splash with her arms . And now that she is 10 months old , she is sitting up in it -LRB- in the side where they lay down -RRB- until I feel more sure she can handle the `` big kid '' side -LRB- turned around -RRB- . One of my best online purchases !
 The bath tub is BIG but I like the size ! I like that the tub grows with the infant . I do not use the plug on the tub because after I finish with the water , I lift one side of the tub and pour the water down the drain of my sink without any problems . This tub is perfect for my family !
 These floral waters actually come in the blue glass spritzer bottle that sometimes is shown on Amazon and sometimes not . I love the whole line ! The Rosewater is a great toner and skin conditioner . I love to freshen my hair with the Chamomile floralwater , massage into scalp , and restyle for a fresh soft hairstyle that leaves no residue on my hair ! Consistently a great line from a great company .
 I really like the hot sling , as soon as I received I put my 3 week old baby in it and she fell asleep within 10minutes . I am 200 lbs , 5 ' 7 '' tall and wear 40 DD bra size and I ordered size 5 and it seems a bit tight with the baby in the sling and I am returning it for a size 6 in a different color . Once I saw the pink ecru pattern/color in person I did not like it at all , I want something that will go with several shirts/outfits . I will put the size 6 sling in the dryer if it turns out to be a little to large . Hot slings are expensive but if you search well there are ones out there that are cheaper . I found one on -LSB- ... -RSB- for $ 23.99 . I have a 15 month old and a newborn and I needed something to be able to breastfeed on the go and this works great .
 This is such a beautiful blanket . We also have a carseat cover.There was a minor problem after washing it -LRB- which you have to do before you use it -RRB- - some stitching came apart . The seller , Serendipity Shopper , handled it right away , and Snugglewool is sending a replacement immediately . They said there was a glitch in making it -LRB- incorrect needle used to stitch it -RRB- . Great customer service - better than you could expect.I know my baby is going to LOVE this blanket !
 Mustela has been really good for my son 's sensitive skin . He breaks out at the sight of any of the kid 's body washes on the market that one might by at a general retailer.This lotion has a bit of a scent to it , but it 's not strong or over powering . It smells pretty clean . It seems to last until the next day 's bath and it does keep his skin very soft . We live in very harsh winter conditions and lotion is a must during the winter.During the summer months , I use this on my son every other bath . It seems to work very nicely that way . It is n't greasy and it absorbs very well.We have been using Mustela products on my son since he was 4 months old and he is now 4 years old . It is such nice stuff , I do n't know when we will switch to another product , nor do I know what those products will have in them that might cause a rash . There are no dyes in this lotion . A little bit really goes a long way , too . One need n't apply a lot to moisturize a child 's body .
 I love Mustela products ! I love this lotion and use it on my baby every day ! It smells great and keeps her skin soft .
 My daughter has severe eczema and have been using this product now for many months with very good results . I have got so many compliments about how great she smells . Some people might be put off by the smell though . It is a great moisturizer . I found it a little pricey but anything for her .
 I have used this lotion on my daughter since she was born an her skin is as soft as the day she was born ... she does have sensitive skin and has never had any problems . . i love this lotion !
 Love the scent and its gentle on my baby 's skin . Seems to hydrate well . Love the bath/hair soap that goes with .
 Mustela Hydra-Bebe Body LotionSilky skin , gentle to baby , and the most scrumptuous scent ever
 I purchased this Body moisturiser cream after my first purchase of Mustela products - the hair and body wash . Both this moisturiser and the body wash are awesome products and smell great . They last forever too - I 've used the body & hair wash every single day and my baby 's 4 months and there 's still heaps left . My coworkers comment on her yummy `` baby smell '' . I do n't think you really need body moisturiser for a baby - unless you want to give your baby massages . After they lose all that flaky skin when they 're little , their skin becomes soft , smooth and definitely not dry -LRB- at least that 's the case with my 4 month old -RRB- . So do n't bother purchasing this unless you want to massage your baby.PS I use this to massage my baby girl and I do n't think she really enjoys the massage - I am persisting because maybe the sounds she 's making are good sounds ... or curious sounds ... I am still learning ... but your baby may be different .
 I love love love Mustela bebe products in general , I 'm living in New York City and discovered this brand whilst on holiday with my baby in Spain , we used the body lotion , the foam bath -LRB- works well as a shower gel too -RRB- , the creme pour le change -LRB- butt cream lol -RRB- ... then after becoming addicted to the smell , and the gentle feel of these french skin products for baby ... I checked out Amazon and began ordering to my home in NY , we tried the physiobebe -LRB- a no rinse cleansing fluid , use this for travelling out and about . . when baby poops himself in the park or somewhere there 's no easy way to wash him down with a damp wash cloth ... this cleans up messier messes like a woman 's cleanser would removing all traces with ease and leaving a much more pleasant smell , useful for when wipes are n't quite enough -RRB- . We also tried the eau de cologne for baby -LRB- very light scent and so gentle , smells like rest of mustela products -RRB- this comes in the cutest glass bottle and would make a lovely baby shower gift . I also use the mustela face cream on my baby to preserve his perfect skin lol It 's just beautiful lightly scented gentle products . . I would highly recommend . I 'm going to try the sun screen -LRB- nivea baby is very greasy not such a pleasant consistency -RRB- and the shampoo . Price to buy in USA is comparative to prices I paid in Europe so it 's not hiked up too much , maybe a little though . Oh yes and I got the face wipes too which are great for cleaning baby 's face when out and about ... and you want him to remain perfectly smelling and groomed ! and no I do not rep Mustela just love the products especially compared the stuff available on the US market .
 VIvo en Venezuela , y aqu&iacute; nadie vende productos Mustela , que considero lo m&aacute;s sofisticado en cosmetica para bebes y ni & ntilde ; os . Mi hijo usa toda la linea Mustela , desde Estelatopia hasta los protectores solares . El tratamiento con Hidrocortizona fu&eacute; suspendido pu&eacute;s la aplicaci&oacute;n de los productos Mustela hizo desaparecer magicamente todos los s&iacute;ntomas y signos de la dermatitis at&oacute;pica . A todos los padres del mundo , por favor , solo usen esta marca de productos .
 I own a similar product and have used it for over 3 years . We bought this for our first child -LRB- age 3 at the time -RRB- after our second child was born . My husband 's truck only fits three -LRB- driver included -RRB- and two full size seats would never fit -LRB- he delivers to daycare/school , I pick up -RRB- . It was difficult to install , but where there is a will , there 's a way . I was determined to make it work , because to be honest , this car seat fit our budget and a new car definitely did not -LRB- especially since his truck is the most reliable vehicle we 've ever owned -RRB- ! I finally used a bungee cord to help anchor the car seat in place , and it did n't budge . Once it fit securely , I did n't dare take it out for the duration of its use ! Once my oldest child 's head reached over the top of the middle seat , I switched the youngest to the middle seat and put a big kid seat by the door where the infant seat had been . Now that my youngest child 's head reaches over the top of the restraint , we do n't use it in the truck anymore -LRB- we found a very thin regular seat to use instead - though space is much tighter now -RRB- , but I still have the seat and carry it with me for use in family or friends ' cars . I love my `` babies '' very much ; I would never allow either one to travel for three years in a seat I felt was unsafe . If it had a higher back , it would have received 5 stars .
 I needed a car seat that would fit in the back seats of my husband 's chevy S10 and this works . Although it is better with a shoulder harness seatbelt , I am still happy with it even though it is a little loose with a lap belt . We can now all ride together in the truck without one of the adults in a back seat .
 For those who live in big cities or travel alot , this is a must ! We live in NYC and travel at least 4 weeks out of the year . It 's really easy to install and although not the most comfortable thing , it 's secure and gives us a piece of mind . I 've had no problems despite the other comments about how hard it is to install or that it does n't work in all cars . BUT it does shift a little and may not seem like it 's in place , but once you put the child in and you sit next to him/her , it does it 's job . Granted , people have to understand this is not a top of the line car seat , it 's minimal in what it offers ; Safety . We know he wo n't go flying through the windows if anything were to happen . We 've rented car seats through the rental companies , but not only are they expensive -LRB- $ 8-10 / day plus tax -RRB- we found them to be either really gross or outdated and my son did n't end up sitting in it anyways.Great for short trips , city traveling , or vacationing ! Even if you ca n't find it cheaper , do n't waste your money on the rentals , this will last you.I checked out the manufacture 's website and it seems they are no longer making these ... good idea to get your hands on one when you can .
 We bought this for a week long trip to Florida . . so we would n't have to bring the big , bulky one along . Easy enought to install , and takes up no room to travel with . Worked great . . and will use again for another trip where bringing the bulky car seat is not practical
 The Eddie Bauer Portable Car seat is a must for traveling with little ones . It 's light weight and easy to take along . However , the directions were a little sketchy but finally I was able to find the straps which were located in the back , under the metal piece . I would definitely recommend it .
 This is a life saver , We take this with us to overseas trips . I still use them . They do n't take any space at all and can be sat on during short trips
 First , watch the price . I purchased mine from Amazon itself for $ 60 -LRB- free shipping -RRB- and today this seller is asking for more than 4 times that!In answer to the legitimate criticisms of the seat sliding laterally -- I 've found that to occur depending on the back seat type and the placement of the seat belts as well as how well you affix the metal locking mechanism to the car 's seat belt . As we use it , we place the seat in the middle seat position between the two of us when we travel by cab , so lateral motion really does not become an issue.To enhance head and neck support without adding much weight or losing the car seat 's portability , we add two neck wings to the shoulder straps , which also makes it more comfortable for the child to sleep in the seat.Keep in mind also that not every car seat will fit well into every vehicle , so bringing your regular car seat with you when you travel rather rather than this portable unit does not necessarily guarantee you a good safe fit -LRB- eg , the evenflo convertible seat I have takes me a set of forceps and my putting my weight in the seat in order to achieve a tight fit in my vehicle -RRB- . Lastly , keep in mind that since the seat does not lock open -LRB- unlike a Radian80 car seat -RRB- it is not FAA approved for air travel and some flight attendants may or may not let you use it . I find that FAA regulation a little odd since the airplane seats themselves do lock , but that 's the situation
 I purchased this car seat for my son when he was 2 . It is fine for tour buses etc. . It is not meant to be a primary car seat . It is meant to be a car seat for the little ones when there would otherwise be no carseat available.At 21/2 , my son was close to the size limit for the car seat . So , my recommendation would be to purchase it if you are touring with a one or two year old . A small 3 year old would fit as well .
 Eddie Bauer Portable Car Seat Bryant CollectionI bought this in September of 2007 in order to take my 13 month old on a cruise . I did not want to have to lug around a big car seat . This worked very well . We were able to pack this in our carry on luggage and go . It is very small , compact , and serves it purpose . We only used it for the cab ride from the airport to the hotel and back . If we were going to be in cars more frequently , I probably would have opted for a full-size car seat due to the fact that I like knowing my son is as secure as he can be . But do n't let that deter you ... This car seat is still safe though . It has a harness , and when installed correctly , it does not move . We had no issues with it , nor did the Florida trooper who found us a cab at the airport . He actually commented on what a great idea it was . My son seemed to be comfortable in it for the 30 minute trips and thought he was a big boy ! I did , however , sit him between my husband and I for my own piece of mind . All said , it was a good investment . A year ago I paid $ 35 for it and have no idea how it shot up to nearly $ 100 more ! But it is still worht the price , as it goes up to 40 lbs - so I think we can use it next year as well .
 This seat is very convenient but make sure you read the instructions on how to install it otherwise the car seat will move around in the car . At the beginning we did n't do it properly and my daughter would cry in every corner !
 i think this is such a convenient baby item . i had no problem installing . i would highly recommend to friends + new moms/dads .
 i bought a pair of these a year ago and have no regrets . i have twin girls now 2.5 years old and travel quite often . on trips where we need to rent a car , these car seats , although , not the most secure , are the least cumbersome . if i did n't have to lug 2 heavy carseats and all the luggage , then i would love to bring my britax everywhere . but realistically , these carseats are simple enough to secure my children in and also easy to lug to the airport , into the rental car , install , and the reverse . there is no question that i would use these everytime i travel .
 This car seat should be a must for every family . They are great in an emergency and they are wonderful if you travel . They can be tricky to install - practice is recommended . I have found that this seat can be invaluable . Great Item !!!
 We used this portable carseat for our one-year-old while we travelled overseas and it was an excellent -LRB- and quick -RRB- alternative to just holding our child in our lap when using public transportation . I agree with the other reviewer who suggested practicing installing it ahead of time , because it does take a few minutes to figure out . Once you do , it takes only 30 seconds to install . We also brought it `` just in case '' to Puerto Rico , where the car rental agency promised us an infant car seat , but only had a booster seat that was way to big for him . I sat in the back with our child as my husband drove and it did n't seem as if the seat moved at all while braking or making turns , etc. . Despite being small , it seems quite sturdy .
 I have two small childern and fly often . The airlines do not like the car seats on the plane and say they are not safe . If this could get FAA aproved it would be the best item to have . I need something small like this for on the plane so my request to the makers is to try to get this aproved for the parents that travel . We need something to keep childeren safe in flight that the airlines will alowe on any flight . Eroupe does not alowe car seats on planes and The kids are not safe in the seats that adults seat in . I would give this a 10 if you would get it approved and buy two of them . Mother that travels .
 I purchased 3 of these seats for my two daughters and nephew . Our family travels to Cabo once a year , and with 3 toddlers in tow , we had no extra hands to be carrying their carseats . The seats fit easily in one backpack and fit perfectly in the taxi from the airport to the hotel . I would n't recommend them for long drives because there is no head support , but our ride was only 25 minutes , so they worked out perfectly .
 I loved having a safe , clean , and managable alternative for my child 's seating in the rental car during our vacation . I appreciated the fact that I was saving money over the additional cost I would have accrued to rent a child seat for the rental car . The seat was so light that I packed it in my carry-on bag for our flight . I had some difficulty using it during the flight due to how the airplane 's safety belts were made ; however , using it in the car was convenient and easy ! I 'm glad I made the decision to buy a seat rather than to rent a used seat !
 We travel 4-5 times per year with our small children - currently 11/2 and 21/2 years old . We were tired of either having to lug our children 's car seats with us or rent them for $ 9.99 per day per child for each day of our trip and receiving not-so clean car seats . When I saw the Eddie Bauer Portable Car Seat featured in our local newspaper , I thought I would try it outEddie Bauer Portable Car Seat , Bryant Collection . Even if we only used it for one of our trips , I figured it was the same price as renting the car seats for a few days from a rental car place . The seats are lightweight and fit nicely in the kids ' suitcase . They were extremely easy to install . Our 21/2 year old loved it . He felt like a `` big boy '' sitting in this - it was like sitting in the seat like a big person . My 11/2 year old was n't wild about it . She seemed a little uncomfortable at first , but adjusted nicely after the first leg of our trip . The only draw back was when the little guys tried to sleep . There is n't any head support , but a rolled up blanket or jacket worked nicely . The travel seat does n't appear to offer the same level of safety that our every day car seat does -LRB- no side protection , side head support , etc. -RRB- , but you ca n't beat the convienience . I would recommend this if you are travelling with small children on a regular basis and you do n't want to lug around the standard car seats .
 I purchased this car seat because we were travelling in Florida . I knew we would be taking a cab to and from the airport and renting a car for one day . I did n't wanted to lug my 2 year olds big car seat around when we would n't even have a car most of the time . This car seat worked out fine . Just make sure you adjust the straps way before you use it in the car . It 's difficult to adjust in a hurry . During wake time it was great . She was securely strapped in and comfortable . It is good for short trips but do n't use it for long rides . It is terrible for sleeping in . The baby had nowhere to lay her head . All in all , it served its purpose for our vacation . We will use it again .
 I used this in taxis while on vacation , and will again . While it is n't the best carseat , when one is not available , this still provides a five point harness and a solid way to secure your child . I do n't love that there is n't any side support , but she sat between her dad and I which seemed to make me feel better about that . Took some pulling on the belt to get it secured tightly , but after a few times became easy . The seat then folds and fit into the small basket under my stroller so we could cart it everywhere !! If I rent a car I will rent a seat , but if traveling by taxis , this is the only real option and better than no seat at all !!!
 This product has been a lifesaver I babysit in my home and these seats are so easy to use and take so little space for storage . I just fold them up and put them in the storage area in the floor of my van . They are right there in the morning and I can take them out at night when my family goes away . One of the best baby products I have for convenience and ease of use . Ideally the straps could be a little easier to adjust but for the convenience and price they are awesome .
 I bought the Eddie Bauer portable carseat for my 2-year-old daughter.It did n't come with any instruction ! For shame.However , if you fiddle with it enough , you 'll figure it out eventually.That said , it is lightweight and easy to tote around.It comes in super handy when visiting big cities like London , Moscow and NYC , where you take cabs quite often.And best of all my daughter likes it .
 I purchased this carseat for a roadtrip to be the third carseat in the row and LOVED it . It 's very convenient for short-term use .
 I babysit kids , and these seats are great because of their size they are so easy to store when not in use . The only thing I dont like are that they really need a tether strap to help keep them secure . The seat back is hooked securely by the seat belt , but the child can lean forward a lot when in the seat . A strap fixes the problem . I use a small ratchet strap and then there is no problem at all .
 I was flying to New York City solo with a three year old in tow to visit relatives and we were going to do a lot of driving at our destination . I looked into renting a seat . In theory this is an available service , but try finding one -- and compare the cost if you do . I bought this seat and just tucked it in my suitcase . It sure beat hauling a regular car seat.We have the Eddie Bauer regular seat and the harness is the same , although the push button was much harder to work.I recommend letting your kid try it out before you travel , and get it adjusted to fit as this is not as simple as it is in a regular car seat.It is not as comfortable for long rides because there are no ` wings ' to rest your head on -LRB- or fall asleep on -RRB- , but it worked out well for a 3 yr old on this trip.In theory it will work for a two year old -LRB- not for rear-facing infants -RRB- , but if they sleep alot in the car , I would n't recommend it .
 Fits in a suitcase , very lightweight . Easy to use , once you know how . DEFINITELY adjust the straps and learn to use it before you go on vacation , because it takes a good 10 to 15 minutes the first time . But after that it only takes a few seconds to get it in and out of a car . Great for taxis , rental cars , friends cars etc. . The instructions are tucked under the back of the car seat . You need to know that , or you 'll think they were not included .
 We used this seat when we went on a short trip to San Francisco and it worked great . It was way easier than lugging a big carseat through the airport , it fit right in my suitcase . It does take a little bit of time to get in , but while my husband was taking care of the bags I would put this in , also if you do n't put the locking clip on it can slide around if the child moves . My daughter loved using it , and I think it will be very convenant to keep in the car as a extra seat when we have friends that have kids . I would n't use it every day , but I do n't think that that was its intention .
 Nice size low bowl with good suction . Good price .
 This bowl is perfect for toddlers just learning to use a fork.It stays put and they can not pick it up and dump the food out!Love it !
 My teenager can not stand for her food to touch . This is a great product for her ! I was skeptical to purchase the bowl at first , but I am pleased with it .
 This is one of the best infant / toddler bowls that I have found . There is a separation down the center , perfect for soups , cereal etc. . The suction works well esp . When you add a little water and use on a laminated/coated surface . The lids are handy for storage and cleanliness .
 Wish the suction worked a little better but overall its a nice size for a toddler meal
 This product is absolutely fantastic . Until we got this item for our 21/2 year old , meals could get pretty exciting in an instant . But now , meals are much more predictable since our little angel can no longer launch his bowls across the room . The lid stays on nice and tight , and the suction base really holds firm . The rubberized handles make it easy for mom and dad to get hold of as well . I am sure that my mother wouold have killed for this bowl when I was a kid .
 I 've tried several brands of covered bowls including Sassy and this bowl . The Munchkin is by the far the superior product . The lid snaps on easily , stays on , does n't leak , and does not warp in the dishwasher . The suction ring also continues to stick , even after multiple washing . This can not be said for the Sassy . My only complaint is the higher price and the unavailability of this bowl . Why ca n't I just by it in a store like Target ?
 My boys are 5 and 4 years old now and we have been using this product since the oldest was born . I love that I can use one product for both soap and shampoo , and it also works for bubble bath ! They boys do n't complain about it hurting when it gets in their eyes and we have no trouble with it causing irritation with my one son who has sensitive skin . After baths both boys have such soft skin ! Fragrance-free is at the top of our priority list due to family allergies and none of us have a problem with this soap . I 've even used it on myself and have no complaints .
 My 3 year old son was forever complaining about soap or shampoo in his eyes . We tried lots of products , including J&J and California Baby . Finally we tried Magic Baby and he has n't complained since .
 Very nice dresser . Directions could be written a little more clear in a few spots but if you are mechanically inclined , you 'll figure them out .
 The dresser was fairly easy to put together by myself , it only took a couple of hours . My only complaint would be poor engineering on for the bottom drawer as you need to unscrew the rails in order to attach the frame to the base . Also , one piece was cracked when I took it out of the box but since that piece will never be seen I decided to go ahead without getting it replaced.The finished product is very nice , the drawers are deep and it will hold a lot of clothes . The wood is good quality with no scratches . We have the matching crib and the two look great together .
 I really love the color and the quality is good too . We did need to add drawer stoppers because they shut pretty hard/loud .
 Stylish , beautiful finish and easy to put together . We have had this for a little over two years and it still looks great -LRB- a few scratches due to normal wear , but because it is wood it looks natural -RRB- . Highly recommened especially for the price , the matching crib is great as well !
 I looked everywhere for a good , used crib in this style , but you really ca n't beat this price for a brand new crib . It 's very classy looking in the nursery and was relatively easy to assemble . So far we 're very happy that we went with this product ! I know other people had commented that theirs came scratched , but ours was perfect in the box it was shipped in .
 We previously purchased the Kalani crib and Kalani changing table with three drawers in Espresso . While it looked beautiful at first , the wood dents VERY easily ... As in your jeans button hits the changer , and there is a nice scratch and knick in the wood ... . Now that we are setting up another nursery , we wanted the same brand because of the quality but did n't want the Espresso color . We chose white , and we are SO happy with it ! The finish seems much more durable compared to the Espresso . All of the pieces were perfect , and it 's a very sturdy product . It 's made of solid wood except for the drawer bottoms and back of the dresser . We wanted a dresser that could be used as a changer and carry our child into the grade school years . This does not look babyish ; however , the changing pad barely fits on top ! We purchased the standard size contoured pad . . I thought we 'd have room for a small basket for cloth diapers , wipes , etc. . Probably going to order the Badger Basket three-cubby tall storage unit to go next to it in order to have a place for essentials . All in all , a good purchase that will last for years . Just take your time assembling it ! My husband did the dresser portion this past weekend while watching his alma mater , Syracuse , play . :-RRB- I assembled the drawers , and it took us about two hours total !
 The dresser is nice looking . It is cheap quality though and I know we will be replacing it in a few years . It 's a good dresser for now , The color matches my son 's crib wonderfully . My husband could see where people could have trouble putting it together . The instructions were worthless . People joked that you 'd have to be an engineer to put the dresser together . My husband is an engineer and it took him about 30 min to put it together lol !!
 I was pleased with the quality and the rich looks of my baby boys new dresser . I also found it very roomy .
 I was a little skeptical ordering this dresser based upon other reviews but took a chance and was glad . It came with no damage and all parts were in the box . The espresso color is very pretty and the size is just right for small light weight baby clothes in a nursery . The dresser itself is sturdy and went together nicely but as other reviews mentioned the drawer bottoms are not very strong . They are made out of particle board that just slides into groves , they do not have any bottom support which makes it a bit flimsy . With heavy clothes and prolonged usage I can see where the bottom of the drawer might break over time but for the money it 's a decent dresser . After all , it is a put together and not a high end piece of furniture . The instructions only had pictures to guide you through putting it together , it would be helpful if it also gave you written directions . My husband has had a lot of experience over the years putting together furniture so only having pictures was not a big deal , took about 2 hrs but for the `` new guy/gal '' this might present a little challenge & certainly allow more time .
 We have had this dresser for almost 3 years . My husband put it together in about 30 minutes if I remember correctly . He is a very skilled carpenter . The dresser still looks brand new even after 2 + years of use . The drawers roll just as smooth as our Pottery Barn furniture -LRB- for the record I have not been all that impressed with PB furniture in the past -RRB- and hold quite a bit . I really like the height of the dresser , high enough that I can put fragile items on it , but not so high I am afraid our 2 year old will tip it over . I really do n't understand what people are complaining about . Maybe the assembly has to be just perfect for the drawers to roll smoothly ? I have had cheap furniture -LRB- Target brand -RRB- in the past as well as more expensive -LRB- Ethan Allen , PB , etc -RRB- This is much nicer than Target but obviously not EA quality . It is quite heavy to move . I think it looks much better tha the crib and changing table that have exposed screws . Perfect for a childs room .
 I was concerned by all the negative reviews , most of which addressed the difficulty of assembling the dresser . One reviewer wrote that even he , an engineer by profession , labored over the project for hours and days and still could n't put it together properly . Ignore this . Assembly is required , the instructions are unclear at times , but you do not need to be `` handy '' to make quick work of it . If you know how to work a screwdriver you 'll be fine.The outside parts look good and are of good material , so the dresser is sturdy . The inside parts , like the bottom of the drawers , are mostly hidden and are of poorer quality . Since it will be holding baby clothes , not bowling balls and sandbags , I expect that it will hold up well .
 Love this dresser !! It is a little shorter than I expected , but that is alright . My husband and I put it together as a team . It is definetly something that you are going to want to take your time and put it together correctly . It would be very easy to make an error if you were in a hurry when assembling it . We purchased the changing table and crib also , but have not put them together yet . I think that this is going to be a very beautiful nursery set , and very nice for the money ! Drawers seem to be good size and slide nicely . I have noticed that if u try to slide the drawer with one hand it doesnt seem to want to go evenly , but that is to be expected .
 I was very pleased with the product . My only complaint is that the directions were vague and a little confusing . We also have the crib and they look beautiful together in the baby 's room !
 The dresser is extremely sturdy & easy to assemble . I put it together myself at 9 months pregnant & had only 1 small issue , which I resolved by using a phillips screwdriver with a longer handle in order to get more torque . In order to give the dresser a more polished look , I purchased different drawer knobs & everyone simply loves the dresser ! It 's not a tall 4-drawer but it is deep , which makes it more sturdy & to me a better choice for a baby 's room because it is less likely to tilt . Overall , I am highly satisfied with my purchase .
 This dresser is worth the money . It is heavy but built better than your average dresser from local department stores . I highly recommend this product . Easy to put together . Direction are like any other very difficult to understand .
 The only complaint I really have with any of the items in the DaVinci line-up is the drawer bottoms being weak cardboard . Everything else went together very well . It 's sturdy but light . Directions were fine -LRB- slight translation errors , but I understood them fine -RRB- . Overall , you ca n't beat this for the price . If you want hardwoods and dovetail corners , you 're going to have to spend more .
 I love the look and wood color of this dresser as part of the Kalani set . I read all the product reviews before putting it together . I do wish the drawer bottoms were sturdier but we took other reviewers advice . We just Gorilla glued it from the start , hopefully that will hold up . I did n't notice any gaps at the top of the drawers as other reviewers have stated . I do think that based on the drawer construction they need to either lower the price or increase the drawer bottom quality . Other than that we were very satisfied and glad to get it assembled and ready for baby !
 I recently finished putting it together . I have n't actually put clothes in it yet . But it looks great in my nursery . I do really like it . I just was n't a fan of the instructions , they could have been a lot more clear . You do have to put it completely together , even down to installing the rollers .
 I love this dresser ... made with good wood easy to assemble i did it myself while i was 8 mnths pregnant ...
 Looks great next to the matching crib and diaper changing 3 drawer dresser . It is not Thomasville or Ethan Allen , but it is certainly no piece of garbage either . You get more than your money 's worth and assembly was pretty easy and straight forward . All pieces aligned well and we have no complaints overall.We did purchase some small felt sticky back pads to place on the inside corners of the drawers so they close more quietly . We are very please with the purchase including the fast shipping we received along with great packaging ; there were no damaged parts .
 My husband and I ordered this dresser in Espresso . It is a decent quality dresser . One part came broken in the box during shipment and the manufacturer sent us a new part for free . Otherwise we are very pleased with the dresser . It is not of the highest quality in terms of the hardness of the wood , but if you want something more high quality , you should expect to visit a furniture store .
 I read the reviews and was somewhat concerned but purchased it regardless . I am very happy with my choice so far . It took a bit to put together but was not hard at all and the instructions were pretty good with lots of pictures . My only problem with the instructions was with the sides , they were vague and the sides were not clearly marked . In the end I was carefully looking at the tiny predrilled holes -LRB- slight indents more like it -RRB- and laying the drawer tracks on it until I was sure which was which.Yes the sides are chipboard with cherry laminate so you have to take special care when attaching the hardware not to strip out the holes . Just remember that in the instructions it clearly says to not use power tools ! So if you do and it strips it is really your fault not the companies quality . Saying that I did use a Dewalt 12v drill driver to put in most of the screws , but it is designed to &#34; slip or pulse &#34; as the screws start to hit resistance and is specifically made to just put in screws.The top , frames and drawer fronts are hardwood , and the drawer sides and back are cabinet grade plywood . I used some wood glue on the dowels that hold the feet -LRB- in addition to the provided screws -RRB- and glued the drawer fronts with the sides -LRB- had dowels too -RRB- and also the back to the sides . No glue on the drawer bottom though . Just a habit I have anytime I 'm working with wood products.I took my time and do think this will be a sturdy dresser .
 I ordered this dresser in white for the nursery and it is just beautiful . I came packaged rather well with only a few minor scratches , but nothing worth packing it all back up to return . It took us about 2 hours to put together because the instructions are rather vauge , however , all-in-all , I 'm VERY happy with this purchase .
 We just finished assembling this piece of furniture . It 's right along what I expected to get . The instruction manual could use some more detail , but studying the diagrams we were able to figure it out . Two of the bolts for attaching the bottom base to the rest of the dresser were poorly designed . We left them off because you would have had to take the bottom drawer track off to get the bolt to screw in . I do n't think it is going to matter structurally though , because there are four other bolts holding it together.A few of the drawers were a little wobbly until the drawer bottom was secured in place . I thought that was one area that could be improved , the drawer construction.Overall , still a solid piece of furniture . It will probably last as long as the crib/bed does , and that 's what we were looking for in our purchase .
 Reading some of the reviews would make you a little apprehensive about having to put this dresser together . It 's really not that hard . No , the pieces are n't labeled , but there 's no pieces that you ca n't figure out which piece it is . My husband and I put this together in about an hour , while watching tv . The most time consuming part is the shelves . We used wood glue along with the given hardware on the shelves after reading other reviews.Two things Im not thrilled with
 We got this for the baby 's room to match the Honey Oak DaVinci crib . It matches the crib perfectly and is a nice dresser for the money . Our only complaint is that it literally took my husband 5 hours to put together . The instructions were VERY vague and the parts are not labeled . He had 3/4 of it put together and then realized everything was backwards as it is not clearly labeled . My husband is extremely handy and usually had things together in no time , but this took a LONG time because of vague directions . Otherwise , we are enjoying the dresser .
 I think this item is a great deal for the price . Yes , you have to assemble it , but it was n't too hard . My only complaint is that none of the pieces were marked , so you had to match up the pieces to the poorly drawn pictures on the instructions . My husband and I were still able to assemble in about an hour.We just started using this , so I can not comment on whether it `` lasts '' , but it has n't fallen apart yet and seems durable .
 I 've had this dresser almost a year and have no complaints . It 's sturdy and looks great with the Kalani crib . My husband had a bit of a hard time putting it together because they sent one wrong piece -LRB- the four feet are all unique , and they sent us two of one kind -RRB- ... but he managed to get it together and we are happy with the end result .
 Let me start out by telling you that i bought the whole Kahlini collection and I was skeptical because of the bad reviews that said it was cheaply made . I am so impressed at how well it is actually made . The only thing I will say that may be negative is that the bottom of the drawers are n't thicker then about a half-inch , but they seem to be pretty sturdy . And the sides of the drawers are pine wood , but most dressers have that on the inside . The back is made of the same material , not very thick , but its the back so im not worried about it . I am not made of money especially with a little one coming , and we didnt have the money to buy a collection at a store , but I am so happy with this purchase , its going to last us a very long time ! I hope this helps you out .
 My daughter asked for this for her 2 year old 's room , as they make room for baby # 2 . It was delivered quickly and needed to be put together , but the instructions were great , and my son-in-law had no problems with it . Drawers rolled out perfectly . Great size for boy 's room that is full of toys and other important stuff !
 This is a good and solid product and was easy to put together . I would recommend this dresser . So far there are no complaints .
 Fine craftsmanship but quite a bit overpriced.PROS : Excellent fit and finish . The screw holes were pre-marked / predrilled with precision and had no issues with part placement.Paint is evenly applied and generously coated and will not scratch off easily . I had smeared my marker on the top surface but was easily wiped off with alcohol.The drawers lined up perfectly and no catch with repeated usage.CONS : Quite a bit overpriced . I saw similar items that cost less.Parts were not marked with letters or numbers for ease of installation . Make sure to pay close attention to detail when assembling parts of the same group -LRB- Right can easily be mistaken for Left -RRB- . Screws , nails and other components are provided with the exact amount needed . No extras.SEE MY POSTED PICTURES !
 There are a lot of negative comments about these bags . I strongly disagree . I think they are great . Like all medela products.To address some of the common complaints I have seen about these bags : - durability
 very easy to use and store milk ! So happy they make these !!! The product makes it easy to pump milk and store it right away you do n't have to pour into a bag from a bottle .
 These bags are great . They are much better than the ones with the sticky tape to attach to your pump . These ones come with with a little attachment to your pump and the bags have handles so they hang from the attachment . I really like these a lot . Fast shipping too. ,
 These are perfect for pumping , storing -LRB- freezing -RRB- , and dropping off at daycare . Quick shipping and a good price compared to our local target .
 I 've always used the Medela Pump and Save bags since I had my first child 2 years ago . They are great and have never leaked . I really enjoy the new bags because of the adapter that allows you to pump milk directly into the bags a bit easier that the plastic flap they had before . I 've had a few accidents with the plastic flap tearing , rendering the bag useless . The new adapter alleviates that problem .
 I am a mother or two and have breastfed by eldest daughter -LRB- 18 months -RRB- and I am current breastfeeding our newest edition -LRB- 1 month -RRB- . The bags are indeed useful and relatively easy to use . I find that the strap to keep the bag on is soo great and helps alot during the day . With two young children in the home it is quite tedious to clean the attachments and bottle after every use . I am currently feeding my daughter as usual and pumping on the side to build by milk supply and store for daddy-daughter feeding times . Cons
 Great freezer storage for baby 's milk . Easy to use and label . Durable in storage and ideal `` stand up '' bag stays stable in freezer .
 Decent price for the storage bags . Wish they 'd make some change in design to ease in pouring the milk out into a bottle .
 I love Medela Pump & Save breastmilk bags ! I especially love the new adapter ! I know many were upset that the old bags were not compatible with all Medela breas pumps , but I believe this one covers them all ! I would hate to have to transfer milk from a container to a bag . I 'm already washing enough things ; PLEASE do n't add one more thing for me to wash ! Medela listened ! I will use these for a long time . The only down side is that I wish they had 8 ounce bags instead of just the 5 ounce bags . Bottles usually come in 4 ounces or 8 ounces and I wish medela would have their bags be the same way .
 Although wasteful to be using so much plastic , these bags are very convenient to pump into while at work . Unfilled they take up almost no space , and I can easily fit 6 very full bags plus two ice packs in my Medela cooler . Other reviewers seem to have problems with the bags not sealing properly . This happened to me only once . Since then I have double checked the zipper seal after locking it , and then I turn the bag upside down to check for spillage . I have n't had a problem since .
 These storage bags are great for freezing and storing breastmilk.Good : - Thicker so it does n't tear -LRB- like some others -RRB- - Never leaked-Can stand uprightBad : - only holds 5 oz.-the feature that allows you to pump directly into bag is akward and messy-doesn ' t lay flat in the freezerOverall , although there are downsides to this product I really appreciate its dependability . I know FOR SURE that these bags will hold up . Another brand that I have used was a crap shoot .
 These bags are great . We 've had no problems with the bags not sealing properly -LRB- as long as they 're not filled too full -RRB- or leaking . Definitely would recommend this product .
 I have n't had any leakage problems or problems with the tape not holding on the breast shield/valve assembly . I squeeze all the air out of the bag , zip it closed and lay it on its side in the freezer so I have a little shingle that is easier to store . No leaks . I have tried the Lansinoh brand and they are floppy -LRB- do n't stand up like the Medela bags -RRB- and way too big and the plastic does n't seem as robust as the Medela even though they claim to be the thickest available .
 Estas fundas me parecen buenas porque lo puedo usar con mi extractor directamente . Lo unico que solo tiene espacio para 5 oz . Y a veces me gusta guardar 6 oz .
 Very convenient , it can be attached to the breastmilk extractor machine making your life lots easier .
 I ahve yet to use these but they are pretty self explanitory . I am sure they will work well for storing and freezing and I look forward to the babies arrival so I can use them . : -RRB-
 These are the best breastmilk storage bags on the market . They are sturdy and easy to use . They are definitely worth the extra money .
 I am rather surprised by the negative reviews this product has gotten . I absolutely love these bags . Typically , I pump into a medela container -LRB- that comes with the pump -RRB- and move it into the bag just before freezing . These bags actually hold up to 6 ounces -- and if you purchase a milk storage container -LRB- which keeps the bags of milk upright and flat -RRB- , I think you will find a fairly foolproof system.What I usually do is thaw the bag and simply snip the top corner with scissors to pour the milk into a bottle ... this ensures no spills or waste . And as far as leakage , I have NEVER had any such problem.I have tried other milk storage supplies , and these bags are hands down the best . I only wish they would sell them in 100 ct. .
 I have a Medela Pump in Style breast pump and recently returned to work . Prior to returning to work I figured I 'd get some breast milk storage bags because they seemed that they would be handy-also my sitter prefers bags as opposed to bottles . While the bags are great for storing and freezing the milk , as well as dating it , I think they 're a little cumbersome to use while actually pumping . The best way to use them seems to be to pump into one of the bottles that came with the pump then pour the milk into the bag . These bags are n't as cost effective or ` green ' as simply reusing bottles but they fit nicely in the freezer and are easily labeled . All in all I would suggest the pump and save bags but would suggest pumping into a different container then pouring the milk into the bag .
 I like these bags and I 'm lugging around bottles to and from work . One of the biggest complaints I 've read about these is the pouring out the milk into a bottle . They are not using the bag right . They try to pour from the sides of the bag instead of using one of the hanging holes to pour out of -LRB- as indicated by the arrow -RRB- . If I pump into a bottle the pour into a bag these bags fit snuggly over the top of the Medela bottles for easy transfers . I use the feet that hold are meant to hold the bottle securely after you pump to also hold the bags securely upright while disconnecting parts .
 I am on my fifth box of these bags and have no complaints . I 've used a lot of the frozen milk already and have had no leakage problems . I do n't understand some of the reviewers complaints about the `` ziplock '' top . Its a thick ziplock so it does n't leak , just press hard and there 's not a problem sealing it . I 've never had an issue . The Lansinoh bag is cute because it says `` My Mommy 's Milk , '' but all the reviews about them leaking scared me . This stuff is liquid gold and I will only trust my milk in Medela bags .
 Since I was using a Medela Pump In Style , I just decided to stick with their bags . Unlike others , I have no major complaints about this product.I find the plastic to be solid and strong enough to withstand the temperature of my deep freezer without issues . Yet it is pliable enough for me to adjust it to get a good reading of the ounce markings on the side . It also lends itself to thawing quickly quite well.As for issues with closing the bags , I am not sure why so many women are having difficulties . Maybe it is because they are trying to complete it one-handed while holding their children . To me , if you can close a Ziploc bag , you can close the Medela bags . I 've had no trouble opening them again after they have been thawed either.The strap is just a piece of sticky paper with one side coated with a thin layer of some sort of plastic . If you are moving around while pumping , it is n't going to hold up under all that movement . However , if you 're still and not overfilling the bag -LRB- past 5 ounces -RRB- , the strap should n't break on you.I will state this is one of the pricier bags out there , but if you can find a seller who offers it cheaper , go for it and buy in bulk .
 My hand pump worked wonderfully . I tried an electric pump by Avent and could not get results as quickly and with as much volume as I could with this hand pump .
 Medela is always great ! Price is little bit high but it is worth it ! I would recommend it to everybody !
 These work very well . I loved them when I was pumping . Especially when you are pumping at work . They make it very convenient .
 When I went back to work after having my baby , I needed to continue pumping to keep my supply up . I had a box of the old style bag with the paper strap that goes over the top of the breastshield and now use these newer ones with the hanger holes.Pros : - Hanging holes are way more secure than the strap and quick to put on and take off . - Do n't have to tear strap off anymore . I always risked spilled milk when trying to disconnect it from the breast shield . - No more perforated parts to take off . The perforations on the other bags never went all the way through and I would end up tearing off parts of the section where you write the amount and date . - Much neater . The adapters make the milk fall below the zipper line . A drop or two can still end up above it , but nothing the like the mess from the previous designs.Cons : - Need to be a little more careful when pouring milk out because you have to pour it from the sides since the front and back have the holes . - Holes have ripped on the occasion when I tried to put it on the adapter too quickly . It did n't rip all the way through and was still usable.These are two more cons that are common for both styles of bags : - The volume gradations are still useless . It 's the same scale they have on their bottles , which are solid , firm plastic . - They do n't come in more than 50 per box . I pump 3 times/day at work , which means that I use 6 bags/day or 30 bags/week . So I go through a box in less than two weeks . I would be nice if they came in at least a 100 pack.Also , I do n't mind washing the adapters . They are pretty easy to clean and since I 'm washing other parts anyway , it does n't add a lot .
 I think these bags are great . I 've been using them for 3 months and have only had one leak , which happened because I dropped the bag -LRB- full of frozen milk -RRB- on the kitchen floor . I agree with other reviewers that it 's silly the perforations that allow you to detach the bag from the pump shield does n't continue all the way along the bag . Simple fix
 If you are using a Medela pump and pumping at work , these are really the only way to go . They 're certainly better than trying to tote bottles back and forth , especially if you wind up being away from home longer than you anticipated . The paper straps that hook the bag up to the apparatus make these very easy to use -- just pump directly into the bag , seal it up -LRB- carefully ! -RRB- , tear off the top tab , and store . There 's space at the top to mark the date ; I carry a sharpie pen in my bag for this purpose . The only things you have to be careful about are lining up the valve correctly -LRB- it needs to face the flange -RRB- and making sure the end of the strap does n't stick below the perforated edge at the top of the bag . Just follow the directions on the sheet in the box -LRB- also available on the Medela website -RRB- . The one down side
 The bags are very convinient . I do n't put the bags straight on the pump because I do n't feel like I get a good read on the oz . So I pump in a bottle and then pour it in the bag . I do n't mind doing it , but if you wanted to skip a step , these bags are great for it . I recommend them . I have defrosted a few and it 's easy and not at all messy , the zip stays put .
 I 'm not sure how people are measuring their milk , but these bags are dead on . I put a bag on a liquid food scale and filled it to the 4 oz mark and it weighed exactly 4 oz.My only issues with this bag are that the area to write on is small -LRB- you can only write well with a Sharpie or other permanent marker -LRB- ball point and roller ball pens do n't write well -RRB- -RRB- and I have had to strap break on me a few times , which was inconvenient , but did not cause any spills as I was holding the neck of the shield at the time . I will continue to purchase and recommend these bags while advising about those two -LRB- what I consider -RRB- minor issues . : -RRB-
 I love the convenience of these bags , but sometimes i would pump more than 5 oz . on a breast and i would have to switch out containers mid-pump . So , if you 're a high producer , i would recommend using the pump adapter from medela and find honeysuckle 's bags that are biodegradable , hold more milk , and are compatible with medela 's pump adapter . -LRB- Not all Honeysuckle bags have the holes for the adapter , so make sure you get the right ones !! -RRB-
 Personally , I think these work better than the Medela bags with the tape . If you do n't mind washing extra parts , it 's great . And really , you have to wash your pump parts anyway so it should n't be much of an issue . I also like the medela bags better than other brands because some of the others seem to have an odor to them . I have n't had any issues with these leaking at all , and I am half way through my second box of 50 .
 I was a little apprehensive when I saw reviews saying these bags did n't work properly . They work perfectly with my Medela electric pump . They 'll come in so handy when I 'm traveling so I can pump and store right away without having to transfer the milk afterwards . These are awesome .
 Easy to use . I like being able to pump right into the bags . Just make very , very , very sure the seal is closed . It 's sometimes hard to tell . I wish they were more ecofriendly but otherwise they do the job well .
 No issues with the seal , little hard to transfer to feeding bottles from bags . Otherwise great , we order these quite a bit , as my wife lives them .
 Easy to use , very convienent , freezes great !! Just one thing is if you do n't seal the bag very tight , it will leak , kind of a nuisance .
 These work great & get the job done . It would be even better if they had a pour spout on the side like Ameda .
 These milk bags are easy to use with my Medela In Style pump . I 've been able to store lots of milk in the freezer .
 The Medela Pump & Save bags are perfect . They are just the right size for our freezer space . I have used other bags , and these seem much more durable . Easy to thaw and warm milk in bag before transferring to bottle .
 Exactly what I needed and ordered and came super fast ! Plus a great price , much cheaper than the local stores
 These bags make pumping easier and faster . You can pump directly into the bags and put them directly in the freezer or fridge .
 I like these bags because it is really convenient to be able to pump straigt into the bag -LRB- no bottle washing ! -RRB- A couple of annoying things :1 -RRB- My baby drinks a lot so at each pumping session , I usually pump about 6 ounces . i have to use two bags to hold my milk because the medela ones hold max 5 ounces . lansinoh makes larger ones , so i can use just one - no problem .2 -RRB- You have to be reaaallly careful that the bags are zipped closed tightly . On a couple of occasions , i have spilled milked because i thought the bags were zipped and they werent . This is especially true when the bag is filled to the max 5 oz , it doesnt always zip as easily . lansinoh 's bags have a double zipper which ensures no spillage!so basically i like lansinoh bags better except for the fact that you can pump straight into the medela bags -LRB- im actually thinking of just taping the lansinoh bags to my pump and seeing what happens ... -RRB-
 I started out pumping and thought I would store all of my milk in Medela 's bottles . When I realized how much milk I would need to store , I quickly realized that would cost me an arm and a leg -LRB- the bottles run about 20 bucks for 4 ! -RRB- and came upon these little wonders . They are made of a thick polyethylene plastic -LRB- safe for long-term storage -RRB- and you ca n't beat the zip-loc style closure compared with other tie bags ... those scared me , every drop truly is precious . Granted , they are a bit awkward at first because you are dealing with a container that is much less sturdy than the plastic bottles most women pump into but it works well once you get used to it .
 I think I 've tried all -LRB- at least most -RRB- breast milk bags , and these are worth the extra money -- my favorites . They are easy to pump directly into . For comparison , the First Years bags are flimsy plastic -LRB- one actually ripped -RRB- ; the Lansinoh bags are nice material but big and bulky -LRB- ca n't attach to pump mechanism -RRB- . Lansinoh claims `` can store flat , '' but so can the Medela bags . Lansinoh bags do hold more , but I do n't find that to be an advantage -LRB- all I usually need is 5 oz at a time -RRB- . I do like the double zipper on Lansinoh , but with the Medela , all you need to do is check the seal by squeezing milk upward . I 've never had a problem with Medela Pump & Save and would recommend these above all .
 I purchased these bags for a business trip , to cut down on the amount of items I need to carry on the plane -LRB- no bottles required here -RRB- . And while they did work for my purpose , they are finicky enough -LRB- and expensive enough -RRB- that I will not be using them full time.The seal is indeed difficult to close confidently . I found myself constantly checking them , as they do n't have the double-zipper close that I am used to with Lanisoh or Nuk standard bags.The quantity held in the bag is slightly bothersome because it is only 5oz -LRB- and not a drop more -RRB- if you were to want to use this full-time , but since I was only using them for a few days while traveling , I managed.But I was happy to not have to tote and clean bottles . I did n't have to pour milk from one container to another , which was ideal in all the odd places that you wind up pumping in.I would recommend them in a pinch . But if you are adventurous , as the other commentors noted , you could just tape a bag to the valve and be done with it all .
 I love these medela bags !! A must have for pumping moms !! Not to mention the price is right ! I usually pay between $ 20-25 for these bags in the store ! Must buy !
 I have used hundreds of these bags - literally hundreds . I have had to be away from my son a couple of times for 4 to 7 days at a time ; and I work full time . My son has never had anything except breastmilk in his 6 months of life.What I love about these bags is that I have not had a single bag tear or leak . I have bought and used other brands , and with each of them I have had my bags leak . So , out of hundreds of medela bags , I have had no leaks . Out of 10 to 20 other bags , I have had several leaks . If you want to protect your milk , I recommend these bags.Yes , the bags are a little small ; but they do this to help with thawing - you will waste less if you thaw only 5 ounces at a time . Remember , once you thaw breastmilk , it has to be used within 24 hours . However , this is a reason I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 - I would love an extra ounce in the bag . The other reason is the COST !! They are expensive , but I will pay the extra to make sure my milk is well-protected . You do need to be careful of the zippers - they hold well , but you have to make sure to close it carefully ! It does n't take that much time or effort!I pump one side into a bag , and the other side into a bottle . After I finish , if I can fit it all in the bag , I combine them . If not , I save it either in the bottle or in another bag.Hope this helps ! Happy Breastfeeding !
 Good product , only thing I do n't like is the ounces are n't marked true to volume . The bag barely holds 5 ounces .
 Reliable bags . I 've bought a lot of these and , so far , only had 2 leaks -LRB- out of hundreds -RRB- . Perfect for exclusively pumping moms and easy to pour in the bottle .
 I have had no issues with these bags . Easy to use , no leaks . Would recommend . The bags have met all my expectations .
 I use these bags and until now have not had any problems ... they store the milk very well and do not spill nor open in the freezer . The only thing i would change is that they do not measure the amount of milk well , so instead of pumping directly to the bags i prefer to pump into the bottles and then pour to the bags so that i can see in the bottles how much i am pumping and storing in each bag . The measurement in the bag is always off even when you expand it and place it upwards on a flat surface .
 I like that the bags connect directly to my Medela pump -LRB- less to clean -RRB- . However , they do not freeze conveniently . There is not much extra room when you pump 5 oz , so the bag still freezes in a triangle , not easy to stack once frozen . I prefer the Lansinoh bags that freeze flat .
 These bags are great - the measurements seem to be accurate and they are easy to use with my Medela Pump in Style breast pump . My only complaint is that the bags do not tear off of the pump easily - a few times I have ripped the bag and had to get a new one , which is wasteful . This is especially annoying because these bags are a bit costly . All in all , a great product . I definitely recommend them if you use the Medela brand pump & want to store a supply of breast milk in the freezer .
 I 've used these storage bags with both children . I never had a problem with leaks or anything else . They 're a little on the expensive side , but worth it because they are great .
 I tried 5 different milk storage bags so far - Medela -LRB- this one -RRB- , Lansinoh , First years , gerber , and Dr. brown . I liked them all . So far I have not had any leak in the past 3 months of use . Medela bags are thick and seem to be very well made . The volume marks are pretty accurate if you make the bag stand up with the bottom part pulled all the way wide . I do have two complaints though . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The bag is too small . I only put ~ 3oz in this bag . Putting in more makes the bag too fat and harder to close and store . All the other bags are about the same size -LRB- twice this bag -RRB- and freeze flat even with 5 oz in them . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The tape top to use directly with the pump does n't work well . I tried a couple of times but found them not secure enough . I went back to pumping into a bottle then transferring to bag . This feature also includes tear-off top part , which does not tear off well , even with the perforation .
 It 's very easy to use , easy to store and a little difficult to open and close , but this ensure that the milk will be correctly preserved .
 These are good bags . It 's convenient that they fit on the Medela pumps . The only downfall I 've had is that they are a little small . 3 oz is about the max you can fit if you want to freeze your milk .
 I used these with my first child 5 years ago and bought them again when I had my second . It 's a fantastic product , you can sterilize bottles or pacis or whatnot in just 90 seconds . It 's great for when you do n't have a full load in the dishwasher and do n't want to run it , or if the dishwasher is full . I just wash everything by hand , then put them in these bags and sterilize them in the microwave . I have been putting Dr. Brown 's bottles and parts in them with great results . Just wish they were bigger so they sterilize more bottles at one time .
 After reading the other reviews , I felt like I should add my own . I have been using these for about six months and feel they serve their purpose well . I particularly like that I can pump directly into them . These bags are sturdy and I have had no issues with them breaking in the freezer . I typically thaw them in the fridge or in a bowl of warm water and have never had an issue with them leaking milk or noticed that the milk had spoiled . My baby has never refused milk that was stored in the bags although I do always use my frozen milk within three months.I know a common complaint was that they only hold 5 oz of milk but my pumping volume is less than 4 oz per side so this is never an issue for me . I also prefer the smaller size because once thawed , the milk must be consumed and my baby drinks 4 oz at a time so I would n't want to thaw a larger amount and waste the milk.In the beginning I did have trouble tranferring the milk from the bag to a bottle because of the holes where the adapter hooks into but I solved this problem by cutting or ripping the tops off the bag when I was ready to serve it .
 As a working mom , if you want to breastfeed , this is your best option . I pumped like crazy and had tons of milk in my freezer for 3 months out . Great quality bags !
 I agree with the other users , these bags have limitations . However , I use them at work to pump into only temporarily . After pumping , I pour the milk into my bottles and these are what I give the baby the next day . I then throw the bags away.I recently purchased a handsfree pumping bra and with the medela bags that attach to my pump . I am now able to work just as I normally would . These bags will leak when used after being frozen , but for my purpose they work great .
 i had to post this simply to add my weight to the positive reviews . been using these for 3 years and love that they exist . they hold enough and seal just fine . worth the money .
 I love these bags ! I had read other reviews saying they were difficult to use but with the new adapter hook and the new design of the bags I think they are really easy to use . I also read that people did n't like the zipper . I do n't know what they 're talking about . Sure you ca n't just pinch it at one end and run your finger to the opposite end . You have to take the time to pinch it all the way down , but what 's the big deal about that ? I think it has a really good strong hold and I have NEVER had any problems with milk spilling .
 Great product that works well either infrig or freezer . My wide loves all Medela for the quality and ease of use . I support Amazon for customer service and free 2 day prime shipping !
 Note - these are no longer bags that strap over the pump , as shown in the image . Medela has changed them to include an attachment that screws onto the pump and then you hang the bag from that -LRB- yet another piece to wash -RRB- . You can still have leakage from the bag if you 're not paying attention and lean forward , etc.On the plus side , storing milk in these bags in the fridge helps with our baby 's upset stomach , because less air gets into the bag when you 're mixing it back up versus mixing it in a bottle -LRB- best seems to be to mix with the bag still closed -RRB- . They also heat up very quickly , which is good when you have a hungry crying baby . Because of this , we 've switched from storing in bottles to storing in these bags , even though it 's about $ 15 a month -LRB- ~ 2 bags a day -RRB- , it 's worth it to have our kiddo be less fussy with the bottle feedings .
 These bags make perfect sense for anyone who is looking to store a good supply of breastmilk . They are of good quality . The closure never comes open once I have zipped it up , which is important to me after going to all the trouble of pumping milk ! Also , the price is right ! If one were so inclined , they could probably reuse the bags , but I find them so affordable that I only use them once . They never fall off the pump during use either . All in all a simple , easy to use , wonderful product !
 I have n't had any issues , but also have n't unthawed any yet . So far so good , they pretty much do what they are supposed to do !
 Amazon has the best prices for these bags and I 've used them throughout the year I 've nursed my son -LRB- including 9 months after I went back to work -RRB- . The bags are sturdy , seal well and are easy to use .
 I ordered these bags online because I could not find the medela bag with the yellow adhesive stick tape . When I received my order I was greatly disappointed to find the newer bag that does not have the yellow adhesive stick tape . Thanks anyway .
 These bags are really easy to use and it is so convenient that they come with 2 adapters . I received a smaller box of these bags at my baby shower and found that the larger boxes were often out of stock locally . This is a great deal with amazon moms ...
 I do n't pump into the bag because I do n't pump 5oz on each side and then it would waste a lot of bags . So I pump into the plastic containers and pour into the bags . It 's a little tricky to get the milk in and out . The new design of Medela bags are worse - they have holes in the top for a direct-pumping contraption and the milk can pour out the holes as you pour it into the bottle for feeding if you 're not careful ! My husband cuts the tops off the bag before pouring to avoid the milk coming out the attachment holes as he is pouring it out . Otherwise , I have been very happy with the bags . I 've used hundreds already and never had leaking or freezing issues . You do have to do the ziploc up really tight - I go over it 5 times to make sure it 's sealed - because otherwise the milk can come out if the bag falls on its side .
 These bags are great . I have a freestyle and the old bags are not compatible with them . These are super easy to use and quick . I 've had no problems pouring milk from these . I actually spilled more with the other version . Because these bags are longer you have more time to control the flow and aim . I have n't tried freezing milk with these bags , so maybe pouring partially frozen milk is more difficult .
 I am a new mom who is trying to build a milk supply before I head back to work . I pump several times a day and have managed to nurse and set aside eight to twelve ounces , thanks to this product . I can freeze the bag standing up , then lay in down to stack the milk in my freezer . THIS PRODUCT HAS MADE ME FEEL SO GOOD ! I know that I can have an ample `` system '' as a working mother , no matter where or who watches my daughter . Life is good !
 I hopped online to re-order these and was surprised by how many people did n't like them . I thought I might just quickly say that I really love them . They are so easy to pump right into , and while the seal can be tricky to get right - once you do it 's easy . I think the seal is tricky because it is so sturdy when it 's closed , if that makes sense . Great product !
 I really like these bags more then the Medela bags with tape . They are just more convinient to use . Plus since there is no tape that goes over the breastshield , I 'm able to see if milk is still being pumped , or if I can stop . I also do n't mind washing the extra connector that these bags need . They are simple wide tubes , that are easy to wash and can be washed with the breastshields together . The only improvement that they should make is to reinforce the handle holes . Out of 50 bags I used , 2 ripped at the handles while putting them on . Otherwise , a great product and a definite improvement over the older version with the tape .
 I have tried all the options out there and think these bags are the best . I 've currently frozen upwards of 15 gals on of breastmilk and have only had 2 bags leak . I love that they are more rigid than the Lansino bags and do n't flop all over the place . This is also the best price I 've found anywhere .
 THIS PRODUCT IS PERFECT FOR ALL WORKS MOTHERS . I USE EVERY DAY AND MY BABY HAS A MILK WHEN SHE NEED .
 I love this item because it is an economical way to save breast milk in an easy container . It makes freezing breast milk easy .
 A lot better than the old Breastmilk bags , as they are much easier to use than the old kind . Still I usually pump the milk in a bottle first and then save it in the bag .
 These maybe cost more than other milk storage bags on the market but I like them the best . I have a Medela pump and these bags allowed me to exclusively breastfeed for an entire year while working full time . Will definitely use them with my next child !
 I use these with a rented symphony pump . It 's easy to pump right into these bags and then store the milk in my fridge or freezer . They stand easily and the measurement marks are easy to read . I do have to be sure I seal them completely . I 've bought other brands , but went back to these .
 I have tried other bags in the past and these are the best for freezing . I am stock piling milk and would not put my milk in any other bag .
 I did not use the bags for collecting milk - rather I collected in medela containers and then transferred them to the bags for freezing . To make the most use of my freezer space I would lay the bags flat for the intial freezing and then stand them up ina storage container . They defrost easily in a sink of cool water . I experienced no leaking from these bags like a I did from another brand .
 I breastfed my first child for nearly a year , and am now breastfeeding my second . I had tried several different types of freezer bags and these were the only ones that never leaked . I searched for slightly larger bags -LRB- these hold 5 oz -RRB- because my son was drinking 6-7 ounces a feeding but the ones I found leaked during thawing or warming . Medela bags are a great product .
 I bought these storage bags when I ran out of the ones I receives as a gift . These are slightly modified and now come with an adapter to hold the bags -LRB- as opposed to the old sticky straps -RRB- . They 're easy to open/close , but I find it hard to pour milk out of the bags into a bottle the way the instructions tells you too .
 Great product !! When I pumped for my first child , I used a bottle to collect , then transferred to a ziplock baggie . This is SO much easier and more efficient . It has a handy method to attach to the pump , a place to write the collection date , and stands up for storage in the fridge . No more leaks and wasted milk ! I 'm getting more soon !
 I pump multiple times a day , everyday , and will only use these bags . They are high quality , no-leak , and easy to use . The yellow tear strip is a clever way to latch the bag onto the breast shields and will not tear or slip so long as you are pumping properly -LRB- i.e. sitting or standing upright and not bending over to pick up something off the floor -RRB- . According to my local maternity store , they are also BPA-free .
 Pros and Cons with this product - but the pros outweigh the cons by far.PRO
 The medela bags are a good product . I like that they stand when full . They seal and freeze very well . I have also tried the Lansinoh brand and find he medela are more durable -LRB- the plastic is not as soft and easy to nick as the Lansinoh -RRB- . They are a bit costly however and the medela company should consider better perforation on the top of the bag where you tear off the section that you can use to pump directly into the bag . Although you can easily pump into the bags , I find it difficult to accurately measure the volume in each bag so I pump into the bottles and transfer to the bags . If you are not going to freeze and are just pumping for the next day or so , you could save money by using the Lansinoh brand .
 I have found these bags to be extremely accurate ... not sure how the previous poster was measuring , but I put this bag on my liquid food scale and filled it to the 4 oz . mark and it was right on ; it weighed 4 oz . on the nose . I agree that the area to write on is small and difficult to write on with anything except a Sharpie or other permanent marker -LRB- ball point or roller ball pen do n't work well -RRB- and I 've had the strap holding the bag to the shield break a few times , which was inconvenient . I will continue to use these bags and recommend them to others but I will advise about those two items .
 I am a fairly new mother , and I have used these for about 2 months . I just ran out recently , and tried some of the other storage bags and systems that I received as shower gifts . After experimenting with other storage options , I will be buying more of these bags.I love the fact that I can pump directly into these bags . They are compact and fit nicely into the top of my pump bag . You do n't run out of space as quickly as you might lugging around bottles . I also like the fact that you can get almost all of the air out to prevent freezer burn.This may sound silly , but one of the biggest reasons why they work well for me is that I do n't feel like I am wasting the bags . I only get the chance to pump an extra bottle a day or so , and 5 oz is a lot for me . The Lansinoh bags , while nice to write on , are HUGE . If I only pump a few ounces a day , I waste a lot of space in the bag itself . It is a little discouraging . The smaller bags just seem to work well for me .
 These are great , no washing bottles everyday and you just throw them in the freezer if not using the milk in a day or so . Wish I had these with my 10 yr old and 6 yr old .
 The first few years of a baby 's life is memorable.Safety is very important.Every home with kids should have these . Thanks
 I received the CozyMe as a baby shower gift.Our three year old likes to sleep with it.It was great and all until I realized I could not wash the pillow.So this product is great for a cover.Plus , the Ivory color covers the red Hawaiian flower design I was not too fond of.Maybe the company purposely does this so that we spend extra money for the washable covers .
 I purchased this for my great nephew , as he travels to his Grammy 's alot . It 's perfect size for travel , although his Grammy leaves it up for each time he comes to visit , making it a convenient size to tuck in a corner out of the way . The bassinett part snaps to the top of the rails , making it very sturdy . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a Great Quality product for a Very Reasonable price .
 Absoultly perfect for what I needed . I have a six month old grand-daughter , and a small bedroom . I use it as her crib when it 's bedtime , and a playpen for play time . :-RRB- Highly recommeded !!!
 The pack n play is adorable ... it took me a minute to figure out how to put it together but only because I read the directions wrong - I tried to figure it out without them !! My baby has 2 more weeks til she 's suppose to arrive and I 'm sure she 'll love it : -RRB-
 The Graco `` Pack and Play '' exceeded my expectations . Very well designed with total safety and ease of use in mind .
 Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Bassinet in Tango in the TongoThis is an excellent piece of movable furniture designed for traveling with babies and toddlers . It provides a safe , controled environment for the kid to nap , and play inside with proper toys , if that is required . An excellent `` bang for the buck '' .
 Real nice Pack 'n' Play for the price . Perfect for keeping at Grandma 's house , but it did n't come with strings to hang the toys . Otherwise , it 's easy to set up , and comfortable for baby .
 Works great for what we use it for -LRB- occasional trips or late night hanging outs at friends -RRB- and has held up well so far . Packs away well and is easy to use . No complaints .
 We got this for our 4 month old since he started to be very active and we figured we needed a `` safe '' place for him ... Also we are going on vacations and this will be his bed then ... Our son loves it takes all is naps in itVery easy to unfold , cute and baby like it !!!!
 We do n't have the baby to put in the pack n play just yet , but it is sturdy and very easy to set up . The Tango in the Tongo pattern is very cute , I especially like the hanging hippos . The price was what we wanted to pay and this pack n play has the exact features we needed without any unnecessary bells and whistles . It also fits through our doorways which should come in handy . I 'm very pleased with this product and Amazon 's quick service and would highly recommend both .
 Product was received very quickly . It was exactly what I ordered and came in excellent condition . Packaged very well . Thank you .
 We bought this PnP after previously purchasing a more expensive model with all the bells and whistles by another company . We quickly learned we did n't need all the bells and whistles and it did n't set up or dismantle nearly as easily as the Graco models do . When one of the sides became permanently locked and one of the bars on the changing table broke , we knew it was time to shop around.A friend had loaned us a fancier Graco model and I was able to set it up by myself in about 8-10 minutes -LRB- including all of the accessory pieces -RRB- . So we decided to go with this model b/c of it 's simplicity and I thought the pattern was super cute . As soon as it arrived I took it out of the box and began setting it up and was done in 4 minutes!We travel frequently and I can almost set this up in my sleep . It is super simple to use , the mattress fits very snugly into the frame , and our baby sleeps as comfortably in this as she does her own crib at home . I highly recommend this PnP !
 If you are taking your little one visiting or leaving with Grandma overnight , this product is a must have . It is compact , easy to assemble , and packs away easily .
 I bought this for my daughter almost 6 months ago , we use it everyday , move it around everyday around the house , it has helped us like a second crib on our first floor . I didnt want to spend too much money or have too many features on the playpen , and this best fits my needs . The only thing I have never tried and may never is the ease of folding and unfolding the set.I use the boppy pillow in this set , to let her sit as she loves sitting for long times , so some extra support , so she plays with her toys , sitting most of the time . I felt its totally worth the money.I personally think you dont need fancy mobiles and diapers sacks , for this one . Its pretty basic and simple , that works out fine for the baby .
 I love this bassinet . It is easy to set up and take down and the bassinet is big and roomy for the baby . It is everything I hoped it would be . I highly recommend this bassinet .
 We are expecting our second baby and realized we needed a new pack n play because the mat from our old one was run over -LRB- long story -RRB- and we misplaced the bassinet piece . My husband is in the military and we are having a little boy , so this is his chance to have camo stuff around . We love the pack n play and bassinet piece , sets up easily and quickly like our old one and we know Graco makes a quality product . We are happy with our purchase and would recommend it to a friend .
 There was a terrible odor once the item was removed from the box . It was almost like a mildew kind of smell.It was easy to set up . Took about 15 minutes.The pattern was cute . The top pad/mattress was sturdy . Once it was set up , I washed the entire item to see if the odor would go away.It didnt.If not for the sickening smell , i 'm sure the pack n play would have served its purpose . I got a refund from amazon .
 This pack 'n play is great to transport . Quite small , quite light -LRB- smaller and lighter then all models I checked when buying it -RRB- and most of all extremely easy and fast to assemble . The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is that the mattress is uneven and the baby tends to go to the middle . This is not an issue for occasional use or when my baby was small but my now 1 year old does n't sleep in this portable crib as well as he sleeps on his actual crib , I know part of it is the change of crib but part of it is that he does n't seem as comfortable in this portable crib.All Graco pack 'n play mattresses seemed the same . The Chicco pack 'n play is very even , but also a lot heavier , bulkier and expensive . I 'd choose this pack 'n play again .
 A must-have , especially if your house is bi-level . My kiddo is 7 months old and this has been very useful so far . He used to nap comfortably in it -LRB- He naps in his crib now for other reasons -RRB- . Its a safe place to let him hang out while I cook/clean . My only gripe is that the mattress pad is quite thin , so I put a thick blanket on it and he 's comfortable . Its very easy to assemble/disassemble and take on trips . Good value for the money .
 I bought this for my 4 month old and wish I 'd bought it sooner . The bassinet part is great , just the right height . The toys are way too high for her to reach but otherwise it 's great .
 Graco makes great stuff and for this price you ca n't beat it.We were flying from San Francisco to New Jersey for the holidays and I did n't want to lug our PnP out there . You know the airlines today and how they charge for each additional bag ? Well it would have cost me $ 25 each way . Hah , for $ 12 more I get it delivered to their house and I do n't have to lug a single thing . Rock On ! We have one of these at home , we keep one in the SUV and now we have one at the parents house . I love then and can not speak more highly of them .
 We bought this one for the grandparent 's house . They watch our son during the week and he naps and plays in this pack and play all the time.My only complaint about it is that the top basinet part is starting to bow in a bit in the middle .
 We ordered this pack n play as a second to keep at grandma & grandpa 's house . It is easy to set up , study , and seems safe . Overall , it is a great value .
 Nice item , great price and very fast shipping !! Easy to install , instructions are very clear . We bought this for a girls baby shower , and dressed it up with a nice pink/blue/brown blanket .
 I got this pack n play as soon as my baby was born . We lay him in the bassinet part and he loves it . He actually does n't like to sleep in the regular bassinet we got him , but this one he likes very well .
 great price and great product from graco . it was very easy to assemble must have taken about 10 minutes . the color combo is very nice , its exactly as it looks in the pics . my newborn does not like to sleep in it , he gets a bit fussy . think its due to lack of padding . still tryin to have him get used to it . i dont mind anyways , he will use it more as he gets older .
 I bought this for my parents house in case baby would like to sleep when we go over there ... It is very easy to assemble and move all around the house because of the wheels . Also , it seems very sturdy and my baby sleeps like a baby when he 's inside ... great price too !
 I have no complaints ! This pack n play is sturdy , folds easily , has a cute design , is comfortably padded , and I love it !
 We have purchased THREE of these Pack 'n Play 's ! What better endorsement can there be ?! They are not fancy , but they are sturdy and of good quality . The bassinet feature is wonderful ! The little toys that dangle from the `` mobile '' are not very exciting , but for the price , it ca n't be beat .
 We bought this late , my son was almost a year old , but we needed something to put him in to keep in safe while I was doing dishes or preparing dinner or something . This is VERY sturdy , and even when he stands up and holds on to the side , it remains sturdy . It pops up in a flash , and collapses fairly easily for storage , but stays firmly open when he is in it . There have been no issues with it whatsoever . He even likes it ! I give him a toy or two while he 's in there and he has a ball .
 I was pleased with the effortless set up and take down of my pack & play . Its also constructed of sturdy material that u can trust to place your child in safely . The plastic and mesh part is strong but baby friendly . The best part is when u fold it all up it stores in its own plastic cover to keep it free from dirt and dust . . I give this product 5 stars and would recommend it to others .
 We use this as a travel crib when visiting the grandparents , and it works great . Once assembled , it feels sturdy and our little one has no problem sleeping in it . This one is a little bulky when folded up ; if you 're looking for something smaller and lightweight , I 'd suggest the Baby Bjorn travel crib .
 Needed a spare one for travel and use in a different room -LRB- primary one is difficult to unistall and move -RRB- . Very simple to install , convenient , and light weight .
 I am very happy with this play pen . Is easy to set up and serves as a napping bed for my grandaughter when she sleeps over . I looked at the same thing on other sites and they were a lot more money . I was wondering when I ordered it at this price what it would be like . I am very satisfied . Thank you for a great product at a reasonable price .
 This arrived quickly . Everything was there and was easy to set up . Love that it has wheels on one side so that it is easily moveable throughout the house . Would like it to be a little taller tho , as reaching down that far after a c-section is a little painful . Its not that bad tho . Really good buy !
 Excellent , product was all they claimed it to be , easy to set up and very light to travel with . Very pretty , color combination looks great for either boy or girl . Highly rec .
 Great value . No bells and whistles , but perfect for travel and SUPER easy setup . Bought this one as an extra for grandma 's place .
 Great price , easy to put together , and now the grandsons have a place to sleep when they visit .
 very good . light weight and easy to setup.I brought this one to my friends party . baby can sleep comfortly and we can enjoy the party .
 I 'm a first time mom , so before my daughter was born , I buy a bassinet , but babies grows so fast , and start roll over , that in 1 month it no longer fit.I buy this , and I think that is great!Low Price , practical -LRB- you can leave anywhere -RRB- and very comfortable !!! I LOVE IT !!!
 This pack in play is simple which is exactly what I wanted . It is easy to clip the bassinet -LRB- upper level -RRB- in . You can also remove it easily . I will only use the pad that came with the pack n play because the Graco instruction manual specifically says not to use a separately purchased mattress . Graco does n't make a 3 in . mattress for pack n play . I realize that many people choose to purchase the 3 in . mattress separately to place on top of the standard pad for added comfort . I will instead use a quilted pack n play pad under a jersey or flannel sheet on the pad that came with the pack play . You 'll want to use a flannel or jersey knit fitted pack n play sheet because these type of sheets are soft . Other cotton pack n play sheets are scratchy and only 200 thread count . The pack n play pad measures approximately 26.5 x 36.5 x 1 .
 gave it only 4 stars , The Graco Pack N Play Playard with Bassinet , Pasadena came with a thinly made &#34; mattress &#34; which consisted of a piece of cardboard covered with fabric . Would highly suggest purchasing the Dream On Me 3 &#34; Foam Playard Mattress for the playard . It fit perfectly.Hanging toy bar consisted of -LRB- 3 -RRB- stuffed fabric stars - which attached flimsily with small strip of Velcro.All in all , effective as a travel bed , good colors , but no frills .
 We bought this to corral our daughter who is just about 6 months old . We used to let her sleep on a bed , but after she started rolling so much that was n't a safe idea anymore , so we started putting her on the floor ... but then she would roll into stuff . In this Pack 'N Play , she can roll to her heart 's content , and I do n't have to worry about her falling or getting stuck anywhere strange ; worst case scenario , she ends up cuddled up to some mesh . That 's great.The first thing I noticed about this Pack 'N Play is that it is extremely easy to set up . It only took a couple minutes . And , it 's obviously made to be popped up and put away and popped up and put away , so you do n't have to be all that committed when you set it up . Unlike a crib that requires special tools and someone to hold the pieces in place while you fasten them , this Pack 'N Play could probably be set up one-handed . It is also easy to move around once you have it set up , because there are wheels on one side , so you can just lift the other side and roll the playard.The second thing I noticed is that it had a strong chemical odor . We 've had it set up for several days now , and it is already much better.I wondered whether the bassinet version would be too high up for my daughter -- would it only be for brand new babies ? Nope ! It 's just right for her , so that was good.We bought a mattress to go inside ; the green pad on this is eh , well , it works , but it is n't something I 'd want to hang out on for very long . It was kind of tough to know which mattress would fit , because Amazon seems to have a lot of options available , and some of them have descriptions that are not really clear . We boughtDream On Me 3 '' Foam Graco Pack 'n Play Mattressand it fits perfectly . The sheet that we bought wasCarters Easy Fit Jersey Portable Crib Fitted Sheet . So , if you 're confused by Amazon 's suggestions , and by various product descriptions and reviews , you can go with those and I think you 'll be quite happy with them.If you 're considering this Pack 'N Play , I highly recommend it . We are very happy with it .
 We started using this Playard with our newborn with the basinet feature . He slept well there for a couple of months , however extra tight fitting sheets ended up causing the green basinet sleeping surface to become lumpy and uncomfortable . We purchased a playard mattress from our local baby store , and that restored the comfort to our playard . Once we passed the weight limit for the basinet add-on , we simply removed that portion and had him sleep on the lower section . We had our little one sleeping in it every night until 5 months old at which time we transitioned him to a regular crib , and then at this point the playard actually became a playard for him , which he still enjoys to this day at 11 months old.The design and construction is very good with this playard , which is larger and sturdier than your average playard . This definitely can be a slight squeeze to fit through doorways if trying to be moved in between rooms , however it will clear the door frame with the changing table attachment removed without having to collapse the entire playard.It also is extremely durable , with ours having endured 3 moves and daily use without any visible wear or damage . This product will definitely last for some time to come , and was definitely a worthwhile investment .
 After reading several reviews for various playpens my husband and I decided to register for this product . It 's main purpose will be to serve as a travel crib once our baby is born . I 'm not going to be using it as a main playpen so I love the smaller size . It does n't take up very much room at all but still will be large enough to serve as a travel crib.This playpen is extremely easy to set up and break down . The product manual that came with it has several very helpful pictures and goes through each and every step without skipping anything at all . Which is great for people like me who need idiot proof instructions . : -RRB- Several reviewers have said that this playpen has a strong chemical smell . They are right . It 's extremely smelly out of the box . Since we read reviews before we got it though , we anticipated this and have it set up and are airing it out .
 It 's a very good quality for the price . Spacious playground and also makes for a comfotable temporary bed for a 2year old baby that was visiting at our house . We also bought the Dream On Me 3 '' Extra Firm Playard Mattress , White to make it more comfortable to sleep in . It 's compact and easy to store when not in use .
 Good product for the price . The only thing I would add is you may want to invest in a better mattress as the existing mattress is too hard for an infant . Other than that , it is a great product .
 So easy to put up and put away . Sturdy enough for my 10 month old to play in . I love it !
 We never intended on co-sleeping and ended up doing it for 17 mo. . I tried many different techniques but finally I bought this Pack N Play because of the price and high reviews . I did n't need all the bells and whistles because she is a toddler . I did spend $ 30 on a matteress for it . Set it up in a few minutes and put it next to my side of the bed . Baby loved it and immediately took a nap in it . We have had it for two weeks now and she has slept in it every night since . No more kicks to the ribs in the middle of the night for me . Great product we are very satisfied .
 Color exactly as picture shows , great basic pack and play . Easy to set up easy to take down and store
 Easy to assemble , durable , and our toddler absolutely loves this . I like the add on to make it a bassinet as well .
 Perfect for at home or on the go . Super portable - easy to break down once you get the hang of it . Our guy is 3 months old and uses this as his primary bed - right next to ours . Highly reccommend .
 I 've been shopping around for one of these for a while . Best price and product !! :-RRB- There are support bars that help hold up the bassinet part , the toys are velcro to the toy bar , which has me worried on how long those will stay on , but my older kids have tugged on them a bit and have n't pulled one off yet . Otherwise I love how simple and big this is .
 It is great for my grandson . It 's sturdy and nice looking . He is using the bassinet feature . In a couple of months he will be able to use the gym part -LRB- when he is sitting up on his own -RRB- .
 The is a great pack and play for the price . It 's just what I wanted . I recommend this pack and play .
 Having twins unexpectedly I wasnt in a position to buy two cribs . I purchased two pack and plays instead after doing a lot of research . Every mommy is so drawn to the ones with the changing table , mobile , pockets and what have you . Personally pac and plays arent at the proper height to change a baby with out bending at an akward angel and causing pain and im only 5 ' 4 . This pack and play has been a huge part of our every day life . My twin boys cosleep in this for the first 5 months . Then I have placed them in their own . . When we are going to be gone all day , for family get togethers or just hanging with friends it takes less then five minutes to take it apart and throw it in the trunk . I havent had any problem with the hard mattress part that the babies sleep on at all . Its sturdy and easy to keep clean . I do use a sheet and water proof pad ! I have considered purchasing a better mattress to place on the inside but havent felt like I absolutely need to have it.I think this is a great choice for any parent and saves money . Other pack and plays or even cribs can be extremely expensive . Its not necessary to spend that money ! Save it for diapers , clothes , or even start a bank account . With my oldest I bought the big crib and matching bedding , $ 700 dollars later my son only slept in his crib once . We coslept then he went to a toddler bed at 1.5 yrs old .
 We needed a crib and later play pen for a grand child . We were give a used crib without a mattress . We gave the crib back and got this . It is easy to assemble and pack up -LRB- read the directions first -RRB- . It is easier to move from room to room and pack up when not needed . Last but not least , It cost just a little more that the mattress for the crib we were given for free.They also have great resale value . People look for them , but they are hard to come by .
 We purchased this for overnight sleeping and naps for grandson 's 4 day visit . We also purchased and used the Dream 3 &#34; Mattress , the mattress pad cover and the American Baby Co. . Organic Cotton fitted sheets . Make sure those items are the size for the pack n play . This worked out great ! Of course we used the lowest setting and he is too big to use the younger baby items that came with this pack n play . This was exceptionally easy to get out of box and set up ... Thank you Amazon for shipping directly to our house , online shopping is fantastic !
 This is the second Graco Pack 'n play play yard I have bought for my grandchildren . We keep one at our house for visits , and it works out well . It packs up into a compact size and is easy to store between visits in the stuff bag . My grandchildren are ages 4 and 11 months , and it is a good size for both .
 This is an excellent item . Our office purchased it for a baby shower gift and had fun putting it up . When you 've done it once , it is so easy ! It looks good and seems to be vey sturdy . We piled presents in it and we were so proud to give it . The upcoming parents are really happy with it . Especially when they saw how easy it is to take down and put back up . I highly recommend this product . I also believe that the price was very good . I 've seen others in the store that did n't look as nice and were more expensive .
 It is easy to collapse and to change from the elevated position to the lower . It seems sturdy and the pad is good . Firm , but soft enough . The only thing that bothered me is the smell of the pad . It smells the chemicals . I wiped it down , aired it out and put a clean sheet over it , but you can still smell the chemical smell a little . Not a real problem though . My baby slept very well in it after outgrowing her bassinet . Now she is in a crib , but loves to play in it .
 I ordered the playard to use as a portacrib for my great-niece ; it 's fast & easy to set up , stores compactly and arrived earlier than expected !
 me gusta mucho la marca graco sus productos son muy buenos y este corral es demasiado practico para la playa y todo
 We recently started daycare for our Grandchild when her mother returned to work . We purchased this Graco Pack N Play Playard with Bassinet along with other items to assist us in her care . As our Grandchild is only 3 months old , right now we are using primarily the bassinet . It is wonderful . You can rock it gently to assist with baby falling asleep . It provides a safe place for naps and play if I must briefly turn my attention to something else . It is secure and safe . Easy to assemble and disassemble . I recommend this product .
 As long as you add a Dream on me Mattress it 's the only thing you need for a toddler 's great night sleep.I bought it just for vacation since I could n't ship or check my baby 's current Graco playard , so Amazon flawlessly shipped to my destination . Do n't regret it.Don ' t over expend in more advanced options , this model is fine.Also the color it 's not that bad once you get used to it .
 Slightly smaller
 Friend 's baby shower gift but she uses it all the time ! She loves the portability and says it is sturdy and stylish . Easy to set up and convenient . A must have for traveling parents .
 I bought this item for my grandson . . I use it when I babysit . I would not recommend it if you use it for his primary sleeping place . It needs a much thicker mattress which a purchased . It seems to be sturdy enough . My grandson is two months old so I have not used it for a play yard yet .
 I love this playard . It was priced very well , looks good in my living room with my brown furniture , and is not bulky at all . 5 stars !
 Good playpen to get if you just plan to use it for sleeping and then for playing . It gets the job done . You do n't need all the extras on the playpen . Line the changing table . You will rarely use that .
 This is a fantastic playpen with bassinet ! Very durable , cute and fun ! Price was great and love the product . I would buy this again .
 To help make it easier for our son and daughter-in law we keep the Travel Playard handy for when they visit or when we vacation together . The playard is safe and easy to store .
 Nice unit . My grandson loved it . The units assembled easily . This unit can be taken with you anywhere and set up in minutes .
 I did n't want my daughter to have to pack up every time my Grandon came over and this pack and play with the firm mattress added was perfect . Easy up and down and to travel with .
 I could ` nt afford a crib at the time my grandson was due , so I bought this playard with a bassinett . I has been great , now when he gets big enough to take away the bassinett away he 'll already have his playard . It 's easy to put up and take down .
 Another quality Graco product . This met daycare guidelines-love that it is neutral colors . Currently age 1 toddler using comfortably . Easily fit into sheet .
 This Pack N ' Play is so easy to put together and its a great deal for the price ! It packs up so easily !
 Product just as states . Easy to fold and to move from room to room . Sturdy . Very handy . Good buy .
 I bought this for my daughter 's first born -LRB- not here yet -RRB- . I wanted a bassinet that offered more . This is a perfect product especially for the price . It was easy to assemble , seems very sturdy and folds to a perfect store able or travel size . I love the colors which with a pink blanket fits either a boy or girl . It 's a great bedside bassinet for a newborn with conversion to playpen or sleep quarters when the baby gets a little older . I shop for versatility at a great price and found it in this product . I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it for any expected parents or grandparents -LRB- for when the little one comes to visits -RRB- .
 I was looking for a pack 'n play that did not have all the add-ons - just something sturdy and easy to fold up when not in use - for my grandchildren to sleep in when they come over . This fits the bill perfectly . I am very happy with this model .
 I bought this playard beacuse we travel a lot , is very light weight , so is very easy to carry it . Is so easy to assemble that only takes a few minutes . Is a little smaller than others playards , but is great . I highly recomended .
 I love graco baby products and I have yet to be disapointed . This was breeze to set up , easier than even older models . I love the pattern as well . The toy bar is ok , but that 's not why I bought it so I could care less . I like that I got an ` newer ' pattern that did n't break the bank . I bought a BabyTrend Playard , and I wish I still had my reciept because I would deff return it for a Graco model ... It took forever to put together , and is n't very portable because of this . I can actually see traveling with the GRACO PNP
 This is a life-saver . It 's light weight , easy to pack , and self contained . I would definitely recommend as an early use crib substitute/travel crib . It was really great for us because our new born did n't like sleeping in his crib and this was a snugger fit that he preferred . So far we 've had this pack 'n play for almost 3 months and it has been fantastic .
 We bought this for grandma 's house . My daughter sleeps it in when she 's there , and it 's been great . I think we 'll use it for a long time .
 This is a wonderful product ! The shipping was fast , I ordered it about 2 weeks before my c-section and it came within a week . It was very easy to put together and I ca n't live without it ! It is so convenient to use and even when I was sore after the procedure I was able to use it without pain due to the location of the bassinet . I have seen this product in stores for twice the price on amazon and this is a great buy no matter the price but it 's wonderful to be able to get for the price here !!
 I have purchased this for myself and then recently as a gift for someone and have been pleased with it . It is a good product for the amount of money you pay and we have used ours at home and when traveling . The only difficulty I have sometimes is getting the playpen to lock in place when setting it up , I usually have to have my husband do it . Otherwise this is a great product .
 We ordered this for our third child and we love it . It was easy to set up , does not take up too much space and is very sturdy . Great color for girl or boy . -LRB- We have a girl . -RRB-
 EASY TO ASSEMBLE . A PLEASURE TO USE . MY GRANDDAUGHTER LOVES BEING IN IT . IT WAS ALL WE HOPED IT WOULD BE .
 Excellent product for the price paid . I like the color brown with green . My 6 months old daughter enjoys playing on the top bassinet . The shipping was really fast , I did n't expect that to arrive to India within 10 days . Safely packed . Will definitely continue Amazon global purchases in future .
 I bought this even though I was worried about some of the reviews about the stability of the mattress . Well , I 'm glad I did . We are using it as a bassinet at grandma 's house . The mattress , though not super cushy , is plenty soft for a baby . We also had it set up as a pack n play , and the mattress locked in to the metal frame with both snaps and Velcro . It was very stable , it did n't move . Perfect for what we need it for !
 Really like how convenient the crib is and how easy it is to assemble/collapse . Makes great travel crib for work and granny 's house !
 I just love my portable crib . I take it everywhere I go . I just love the fact it does n't take up a lot of space and it 's so easy to open , close and store away . The only improvement I wish it had was a thicker padding . I always have to put a heavy blanket or quilt under the pad so that when my baby falls inside of the pen , she does n't get hurt . Overall its a great thing to have .
 This Graco Pack N Play PLayard , in Camo Jane motif , is a safe and high quality play pen for newborn to toddler age.I saw it on a friends baby register and ordered it from amazon.comIt was delivered post haste at a slightly lower price than it is available locally.I have come to rely on amazon 's fast , economical , and effecient delivery .
 Bought this pack n play to arrive at our destination for my 10 month old for whilst we were on holiday , so was worried it wouldnt suit but we 'd be stuck with it . Need n't have worried . Great product for what we wanted . Easy to put up , sturdy but lightweight and reasonably priced . I did buy a padded fitted sheet to make it more comfortable to sleep on but overall a great buy .
 I purchased this exact same Pack 'N Play at Walmart . It 's wonderful to travel with . Folds up easily , and it was comfortable for my son to lay and sleep in . He 's older now , so he can sleep in regular beds when we travel , but it was awesome to have when he was a baby/toddler .
 I love this . Its perfect next to my bed since my baby is a newborn . I do n't need all the fancy attachments and the bed the price is great .
 Set up was quick and easy . My niece who is 6 weeks old sleeps in the bassinet when visiting . We plan on using this pack n ' play a lot in the future as she grows .
 This product is great to take with you when visiting family members and staying overnight . Was n't crazy about the color but otherwise it 's OK .
 i ordered this product and loved it so much , my baby likes to play with her toys in it . and i can leave her in it and feel safe with her in it while doing other things
 When it comes to Graco products , you always get your money 's worth . My little enjoys this playpen , it 's easy to fold and carry for trips . It 's a nice sized playpen so make sure you have some space for it . I would buy it again .
 We purchased this as a temporary crib to leave at Grandma 's house for when we visit so we did not need it to be extremely durable , easy to transport or entertain the baby . It certainly served that purpose and is a good value for the price.We own the Chicco Playyard at home and between the two , I prefer the Chicco because the base mat is thicker , it feels sturdier and the toys and music add-ons are more entertaining for our baby . Of course , the Chicco costs twice as much , so I 'd say , for the price , this Graco is a good value for a basic product .
 Do not spend any more then you need to on a pack an play . My baby slept in this for 4 month and now uses it during the day . The color is great for a girl or boy since its like a soft blue . Very nice product at a great price .
 Before my son was born I purchased a graco travel lite crib off of the internet -LRB- not aware of its small size -RRB- and although it was cute is was too small and my son out-grew it at 3 months . Just get the Pack N Play . They are larger , have more cushion at the botton and are more versitile . The pack n play is large enough for your child to sleep in for a longer period of time as well as serving as a play space while still folding into a bag that is easy to travel with . This is a must have !!!
 This is decent for the price , we bought this one to keep at Grandpa 's house for visits . We prefer the Chicco one , which is a bit sturdier , to use at home and take with us for other visits
 When our son , daughter-in-law , and our newest grandson -LRB- now four months old -RRB- visit us , having this well-designed and functional crib ready to go with bedding , a blanket , and baby toys at our house really reduces the amount of `` baby stuff '' they have to lug with them from home . The porta-crib is sturdy , very safe for our grandson , and easy to store away between visits . We are very glad we made this purchase !
 I purchased this as a gift for a family member . The play yard is easy to set up . The bassinet is sturdy and can hold a 15lb infant . All good .
 No need to spend all the extra money on the frills . This pack and play works great ! Looks much better in person than in the pictures . The pattern is really cute/colorful for a boy or girl .
 I bought this pack n play for my new granddaughter and I love it . The price was right and being a Graco product was a plus . It sets up and takes down extremely easy and is sturdy . The color is brown and mint green so I can use it for either boy or girl . I keep it in my car , just in case I am away and I have her visit .
 I purchased this to keep at Grandma 's house since my son spends one day a week there . It 's a little smaller than the one we have at the house -LRB- with all the bells and whistles -RRB- and is perfect for his weekly time there . Folds up fast and easy and set up is a breeze . I would n't recommend this as a `` main use '' pack-n-play but for trips and what we 're using it for , it 's perfect !
 As always , Amazon is my go-to source for almost everything -LRB- I 'd buy groceries here if I could -RRB- . This pack 'n play is sturdy , adorable , and extremely safe . I worried that the peachy color was going to be pink , but it 's peachy and the playard is more ` boy ' than ` girl ' , which is what I wanted . Could not find a better price than Amazon ... I never pay shipping ... if there are shipping charges , I look elsewhere . Great/safe way to have an extra space for baby when he 's not in his crib .
 Great product . Easy to set up . Fits nicely in a small space . Neutral colors are good for boy or girl .
 I know you can pay $ 20 more for the diaper changing station attachment and even more for ones with additional frills but WHY ? I bought this and it 's so much easier to pack and setup wherever I am . I can go to my mom 's , in-law 's , or anywhere and my baby can sleep in the comfort of her own pack n play . It 's so easy to break down and set up . I think for someone as mobile as me who 's a no fuss or muss kind of gal , this is the one to get as opposed to ones with round bent legs which is more for someone who wants to set up their pack n play as more of a permanent fixture in their house or parents ' house . I used it as a bassinet in our living room while my baby was a newborn to about 3 months but once she started napping regularly I wanted to make sure she could have a safe place to sleep , especially since she would shift in her sleep all the time like a worm .
 This Pack 'N Play has everything we need and we did n't have to pay extra for the `` stuff '' that we would rarely or never use that other sets come with at almost double the price !
 We could n't be happier with this product . As grandparents who need to provide for infant grandkids ' visits , and who do n't have enough space in our condo for a permanent nursery , this Pack 'N Play is perfect . Very compact , and super-simple to set up -LRB- literally under 2 minutes ! -RRB- Durable and a great value for the price , we could n't recommend it more highly !
 I ordered this playyard in lively dots because it was such a great price . I wanted a playyard that allowed you to use it at the higher bassinet level , that also transitioned into a regular playyard as well . This product is fabulous , it is very easy to assemble , AND to pack back up . The design is cute , and not too `` loud '' . Great for a boy or a girl . I highly recommend this product !
 I 'm an Army wife , and when my son was 15-months-old my husband deployed for a year . My son and I lived on the road , from one family 's house to another.We flew with this and just checked it as-is . Despite several flights , and flight changes , there was no problem with it . Since it counts as a `` necessary '' item , it also checked for free along with a stroller and a car seat . It did n't even get a rip in the bag/sack it comes in . Perfect.My boy grew up sleeping in this , and it remained sturdy , stable , and safe until he was nearly two-years-old . The `` frills '' these things come with -LRB- diaper bag , changing table , mobile -RRB- are all cute and fine , but realize your personal , actual needs in buying these things . My boy loved the mobile , but he quickly outgrew needing the `` baby '' features of this bed . In our life it 's primary function was as a portable-crib
 My only complaint is you ca n't just lift the bassinet out and have the base ready to use right away . You have to take the bassinet base out and insert it in the bottom of the playard to use the base . Minor detail , but it does add another step and takes away from the convenience of use . -LRB- FYI , buy the little mattress that goes with it . These are super hard for baby to lay on . With my first children , they did n't sell the mattress . So glad they came up with it ! -RRB-
 This product was for a newborn grandchild . . the mattress can be raised , thereby saving the adult 's back . . comes with a mini mobile , good for baby 's eye focusing . . playard is sturdy and easy to clean . would definitely recomment it . . good value , too !
 Bought this for our 1 year old and it works great ! It only took showing my hubby two times for him to remember how to set up . I leave the baby bassinet and mobile stuff at home and we have traveled everywhere in it ! Not to mention the price is so cheaper than any other out there !
 Bought this for my grandchildren and love it . Great size , sturdy , and pretty ! Only complaint is the hard &#34; mattress &#34; . I simply pad it out with a comfy blanket and put my own sheet over it . Babies sleep great !
 works great as a bassinet for a newborn and later as a traveling crib for a toddler . easy to put up , break down and store .
 I bought this playard to travel to with . I liked it over other ones because it came with the raised insert for infants . I like the subtle colors and the quality . Other reviewers said that the insert &#34; caves in &#34; in the middle , but if you follow the setup instructions and properly insert the included bars , it stays perfectly flat . Note
 This is easy to set up/take down . Gorgeous colors and very sturdy . Could n't be more happy with the product and super fast delivery .
 I own a graco pack n play myself and I love it ! It is so convenient to have , you can store your diapers in it , use it as a bassinet and a changing table ! I bought this kind for my friend who said she did n't need the changing table . She said it is wonderful and she loves it , HOWEVER , she told me to tell consumers when I review the product that the DIRECTIONS ARE TERRIBLE . She said that the directions do not apply to all pack and plays and some parts are made for certain pack and plays and she said it did not explain which ones . She said the Graco Pack N Play makers need to learn how to right specific directions for the CORRECT product.OTher than that it is wonderful and I recommend and she does to to anyone wanting to purchase it. : -RRB-
 The new parents chose this for their shower list . They are thrilled with the product , although it has not had much use yet . Delivered on time on a tight time schedule during holidays .
 Sturdy and fairly easy to set up and collapse -LRB- as far as pack n play 's go -RRB- . Would have given 5 stars , but I think they could have thrown in the changing table piece that comes with other sets . I find the changer more helpful than the bassinet . The diaper holder is kind of useless as well . It 's not really big enough to hold anything useful .
 I highly recommend . I bought only one the other day , wanted to see if it was what I wanted before buying 3 and reqreting now , thinking the price was a black week deal -LRB- but Amazon did not make that clear -RRB- . I need two more so silly me paid more than $ 8 for the next order , guess that 's my fault but Amazon should of warned that is was a temporary price drop . Feeling a little tricked here . LIVE AND LEARN .
 We bought two of these for our home . Our daughter slept in them downstairs for naps and upstairs in our bedroom . We currently use the downstairs one for diaper changes and the upstairs one to keep her safe and contained while we shower or whatever -LRB- the bassinet has been removed -RRB- . They are super easy to set up and great quality . She is 7 months old now and I still love these pack-n-plays !
 This was a great value for the money . I had put off getting one for a long time , because they all looked so difficult to deal with , but I 'd heard good things about Graco , and they are all true . It was pretty simple to use and very sturdy -- also easy to put away again!I look forward to many years of use !
 I was looking for a fairly neutral colored pack n play since we were not sure if it would be a boy or girl . The pastel teal color I thought this was turned out to be a more muted blue color . We had a girl so I was a little disappointed on that front but overall it is a great pack n play .
 I bought this as I just needed somewhere for my 21/2 month old to sleep when we were visiting friends , and being above-average size , he 'd outgrown his moses basket . This was one of the few available that did not have changing table , bassinet etc. which I did not need . This is a very reasonably priced product and works great . Pros
 Love the way this folds . Did not even need instructions . Great price for this item . I would recommend this pack n play to everyone .
 I am using this from day 1 and pretty happy with it . We use this for changing table with the bassinet part on . This one has enough space to put diapers and wipes and some extra baby clothes on the side . Also , it is easy move around the house with it 's wheels and it is very ligh weight too . I was not comfortable with the support of the bassinet bottom so we are not using it for naptime . Still , I am happy with it and looking forward to use it as play yard as baby grows .
 This pack 'n play is very easy to set-up and sturdy . It has a very cute design and the arched bar allows me to hang cute toys for my baby to gaze at . The only flaw is that the bassinet only holds up to 15 lbs . But , for the price , it is great .
 This pack n play is perfect for the price - cheap compared to most . It does the job and has a cute design .
 As a gramma , I wanted something for our grandbaby to sleep in when visisting - sicne we have a very small house , I needed something that could be put away when not needed . My daughter got a P'nP with bells and whisltes for her home , so i knew sh 'd approve . this was perfect - sturdy , foldable and able to accommodate the baby as she grows - good value .
 EASY to assemble and disassemble . Portable . This is one of the top items thus far that we have received from our registry . Actual baby pending , but 19 month cousin was n't able to destroy it in a single afternoon .
 Great play yard , so far has held up to travel abuse . Very easy to pack up and set up , and light enough that I can carry it around without much issue . Our baby loves the elephant mobile .
 This just arrived - it 's a simple dark chocolate color with a robin 's egg blue mattress pad and trim . It compares with other pack n plays that are much more expensive , only it does n't have a changing table or a vibrating or sound function . We decided we did not need these extra features b/c we already have portable changing pad in our diaper bag , and the extra vibration and sound not worth the premium for us . I 'm very pleased and very glad I did n't spend the add ' l cash . I got a great product for this price !
 We we 're very pleased with this producy , great quality and perfect for baby ! Its a great unisex pack n play as well . It arrived on time as promised ! We could n't be happier with our purchase !
 We bought this for my in-laws house . Our baby sleeps great in it , just like at home in her crib . Great for the price !!
 This was a gift and in shopping for a pack-n-play , it seemed the best value for the price .
 The Pack N Play Playard is fine . This was a baby shower gift , and the box this came in was embarrassing .
 Sturdy construction . I bought this because I hoped I would n't have to buy Crib and this would serve as a dual purpose option . Best decision ever . It is spacious , and the bassinet is 5 cm taller than the crib I was thinkingabout so this was even better . It is better to get this model over one with the changing table since I have found that they are not as sturdy as one might think . Overall great buy . Highly recommend .
 We bought this on our daughter 's suggestion . We have n't used it yet , but the first impressions are good . Size is very good for a portable , the color combination is muted but tranquil . We think it will be perfect for moving around the house as needed .
 I bought this pack and play because it was one of the least expensive and had the buttons on the sides for easier opening and closing . I am very pleased with this so far . The pattern in really lovely , much nicer then it looks in the picture . No need to spend more on the fancier models , this one looks great and works well .
 We really like this Pack N ' Play , and use this as our baby 's primary bed , rather than purchasing a separate crib . We did add a separate mattress from IKEA . Easy to pack up and set up , my only complaint is that the included base does dip a lot after extended use . It 's not a problem with a very firm mattress , but now that we use a slightly softer one , I flip the base every time I change the sheets to keep the middle from sagging .
 This is my second pack n play , for the second kid . This model is newer and it is lighter and does not have the arched head and foot sides like the old one - an improvement on the design . It is easier to move and shorter for bending over . One trick when assembling
 I am 37 weeks pregnant and was able to lift and assemble this playard by myself . It is light , with minimum assembly . It also comes with a duffle bag which makes it even easier to transport . The price is also fantastic . The pink camo pattern is tasteful . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This play yard does n't have a bunch of frills , but it is economic , sturdy , easy to move around , and all in all a good product .
 We purchased a Pack 'n Play for our granddaughter and she sleeps so well in it when she comes to visit us . It keeps her safe and comfy.I got the Camo Jane version for her to have at home and it was the perfect addition to their home , as well . Great size and so easy to put up and take down . Throw in the car , if you are going away for the weekend . Plus everything she owns seems to be pink and brown , just fits right in .
 We need a pack-n-play for our vacation home . This was perfect . It is easy to put up and take down . Easy to store . Very sterdy . Our 8 month old daughter slept in it - no problem . It was just what we were looking for .
 The Graco Pack 'N Play On the Go Travel Playard is great for traveling . Our infant is just over 4 months and I got this to take with us on trips . It 's super easy to set up and pack away . It only takes a few minutes to unpack and setup and also to fold away . The wheels make it easy to move around and the storage bag is plenty big so you do n't have to struggle getting the pack 'n play put back into it . I compared some other pack 'n plays and found that for the $ , it 's a very good value . We did n't have any noticeable plastic smell with the pack 'n play we got -LRB- as mentioned by another reviewer -RRB- .
 We have been pleased with this item thus far . My baby is still a few weeks away from appearing . However , it has been easy to set up , take down and pack away.One reviewer mentioned a smell associated with the product . I think at first it had that new factory smell like a lot of items do but that 's why we put it up early just in case we needed to air it out . Overall I think this a great product .
 I 'm so glad I noticed this product in the store aisle among other items , priced at a hundred dollars and above . This one was just as sturdy and compact , only without the electronics , vibrations , or the bassinet , which - all things considered - are not worth such a price difference . Pack-and-play fits well into a small space and serves as an extra crib for my 2-month-old girl . She has n't really taken to spinning mobiles on other items I own , but she really enjoys the hanging owls that are placed across the play-yard . They will be taken off when the baby can sit up , though ... So the hanging toys are for very young babies , so it states in the instructions . Overall , I highly recommend that anyone budget-conscious give this play yard a try . It should not disappoint you .
 We received the Graco Pack-n-Play in Kensly for a gift and we love it . The colors are very pretty ; not too bright or flashy . Our son was too old to use the bassinet feature when we got it , but it seems pretty sturdy . It is the perfect size and is easy to roll around from room to room . Our son loves it . The best part is that it is super easy to pop up and very light . I would recommend this pack-n-play to anyone .
 This pack and play is great for the price . I enjoy the bassinet feature , and it is easy to clip in and take out . The mobile could be better and my mattress does n't lay flat , but overall my baby can take naps in it just fine !
 I purchased this bed for my 2 year old grandaughter to use while she was visiting . The bed was wonderful and it came with a bassinet attachment should there be more grandchildren after this one outgrows it . Best part it folds up into a handy case easily stored in the closet .
 Its a very good product and my infant seems to really enjoy it . very comfortable and very easy to move
 I almost did n't buy this product because of how cheaply priced it was . I am very glad that I did now . The colors are fantastic and I love how easily you can pack this right up . Well worth it !
 I have purchased three Gracos over the past 15 years and really appreciate the improvements . This is by far the best . It is the lightest and has no fold up glitches . I also really like how easy it is to put in the bassinet . It has rounded clips that go over each bar on the 4 sides and is very secure . This model does not come with any extras which is why I bought it . Over the years I have learned that models with lots of extras also means an extra headache when you want to store or travel with the extras . Generally the bag these come with only fits the playpen , the bassinet and the pad . Changing tables did not fit in . I do n't know about toy bars because I never bought them . In my opinion , keep it simple . When you want to travel you do n't want all the extras anyway . This model does the job just as well as all the models with all the bells and whistles ...
 I love this Pack 'N' Play because it is so easy to assemble and break-back down . My 2 month old used it for naps and sleeping overnight this past Memorial Day holiday weekend and our hotel ... she slept like a baby : -RRB-
 No Mildew smell like the other reviewer indicated , it smells like new plastic.It is great , it was so easy to set up -LRB- 2 minutes -RRB- and it folds as easily and it folds so small . Good quality .
 Our baby LOVES this bed ! The attachable toy hanger is great for suspending little toys above her so she can bat and play with them . The bed is very sturdy and easy to open and close and comes with a duffel style bag for transporting . Very light weight , easy to move around . Colors go very well together . Great product !
 The Pack 'N Play was purchased as a gift for a first time mom . She was thrilled with it . I know she 'll find it extremely useful .
 Bought thsi product for my daughter when she had my fissrt grandson and bought it this time for my son 's first born son . a great product . theylove it
 I really like how easy it is to set up and take down . The bassinet part is great when younger babies . The colors work for a boy or a girl . Very easy to travel with . Love it
 I 'm 9 months pregnant and I was able to set this PNP up unopened from the box in under 5 minutes . The lively dots is a very nice neutral color . It 's very sturdy and well padded unlike most of the PNPs in this price range . I love the bassinet and mobile . Overall this one is a PNP is a steal !
 The crib is sturdy , easy to put up and fold again.The mattress is soft , and the sheet is silky and easy to put on.Took 5 days to receive , -LRB- due to overseas -RRB- but was definitly worth the wait .
 Great product ! Bought for trips away . . Not bulky -LRB- like one we keep in living room -RRB- . . So i would reccomend this to anyone for a travel pack n play or for someone who may not have a lot of room ! Great colors , neutral so you could use for boy or girl ... love it !
 Bought this for daughter to use when grandson arrived . We had an older model to use when they come to visit but found this one at Amazon and decided to order it . So glad I did , much easier set up than the other one , very sturdy and perfect color combination as well as the price are all positives . She loved it and the baby took to it right away when sleeping in their room . Would definitely recommend this to anyone !!!!
 this pack n play was a veryy good price and i was hoping i would get more than i payed for . . i definitely did . this pack n play was so easy to set up i didnt even need directions . it took 5 minutes . its also so cute . . i love the colors . im really glad i didnt spend $ 150 bucks on one of these because this one was half the price and is perfect .
 I have had this item for 19 months . Whenever my little one has to spend the night away from home this is his bed.It is relatively easy to set up this pack and play , if you have never used one before , take a few moments to look at the instructions . One look and you will never have to look at them again.To put it up - lock the sides then the bottomTo take it down - release the bottom then the sidesThe color is great , does n't show any stains that may occur and wipes clean . It all packs away neatly and can be stored in the corner or in a closet when not in use . Also packs easily in the car.The wheels come in handy when you need to move it from one room to the other , but depending on doorways you may have to collapse the unit.I would suggest purchasing the sheets that fit this . You can use standard crib sheets but if you little one is a mover , like mine , standard crib sheets will come loose.The little mobile type thing is ok , once our little one was able to reach it he pulled them off as they are only attached by velcro.I would suggest this to anyone looking for something easy and portable for their infant/toddler to sleep/play in .
 Good price , very fast delivery and very easy to erect . No fiddly parts to clip together , just a simple ` red tab ' to pull and 90 % of the job is done . Although the side feet might not look too pretty , they do make the Playard very stable and secure.Only thing left still to do is to put junior in it for a test drive !
 Great product for a great price . Sets up easily and works perfectly for my newborn to sleep in . I do wish that it had the netting bags on one of the short sides for diaper , etc. storage , but again , for the price , I really ca n't complain .
 OH YES , VERY PRACTICAL AND YET STRONG . FANTASTIC VALUE . I LOVE ALL THE SAFETY FACTS IN THIS PLAYARD . WHEN YOU FINISH USING IT , YOU CLOSE IT AND IT DOES NOT TAKE ANY SPACE AT ALL . OH YES , AN A + + + + + FOR THIS PRODUCT .
 we use this as a regular bed for our daughter and she loves it . we own this for about 6 months now and everything is good so far . Its very easy to fold it and pack . the very reason we love it because it has just the basic needs a pack n play should have . Not less not more . we used the full size bassinet till she was able to stand up holding the side bars . we took out the bassinet after that and put the sheet in the bottom .
 This pack and play does n't have any bells and whistles , but it works wonderfully well . It 's sturdy , attractive , and durable and the pad is easy to clean . The bassinet is easy to attach and with a blanket and crib sheet to warm it up a bit , we successfully used this as our baby 's only `` crib '' for the first 5 months of his life . Once he could roll well , we removed the bassinet and still -LRB- 6 months later -RRB- use the pack and play daily as an easy place to set the baby with his toys when we need a few minutes . I found we did n't need any changing table attachments or mobiles , since you can always use a changing pad elsewhere and it 's easy to attach toys to the little bar with stuffed hippos the same way you can attach toys to a carseat handle . This pack and play is also very easy to collapse and set up -LRB- in contrast to others I 've tried out -RRB- , so it 's perfect for taking on road trips , and the wheels make it easy to move around the house . One of my most helpful baby purchases by far !
 This is a wonderful little pack n play with bassinet . We really just bought it for the bassinet , so it 's great for the price with no changing pad option . I love the brown and blue and ca n't wait to use it for our little boy !
 This pack 'n play exceeded my expectations . After looking for an affordable one , I ended up ordering this , not sure if it would look and feel as good as the ones I saw at retail stores for over $ 100 . My baby has been sleeping in it for almost 2 months and he loves it . The only thing this pack 'n play does n't have is the changing station , wich does n't bother me , I have a changing table for my baby.If you are looking for an affordable , light pack 'n play , this is it !
 Very easy to open and close . Nice and lightweight ! Perfect for travel . Fits easily in my -LRB- very small -RRB- trunk which makes it great for trips to Grandma 's . Colors are great too . Gender neutral .
 Like another reviewer , we got this for when our new granddaughter spends the day with us . It was really easy to set up , even with the added time of reading the directions , which are clear and well written . One of the things that led me to choose this one is that I 'm just 5 ' and having to reach into a full-sized playpen is hard , but the depth on this is just perfect . I do n't think anyone else mentioned that there are wheels on one end , so if you want to move it around the room , etc. , you just lift the other end slightly and you can roll it anywhere you want . It seems really well made , the price is excellent and I ca n't wait for baby Emma to try it out !
 Just had my first grandchild in September . This was recommended over any other product by anyone I asked . It sets up easily , breaks down just as easily and quickly . Its versatility is very clever . It 's been nearly 30 years since we 've had a baby in the house and I 'm amazed at the wonderful products available today !
 I bought this as my Grandma 's house crib . It was easy to put up and my granddaughter sleeps hours in it when I have her , so it must be comfortable . And it is the perfect size for my guest bedroom !
 I bought this for my Granddaughter ... She loves it ... Not sure on how the baby will feel about it as he has n't been born yet ... but I am sure he will love it too ... It is very nice and seems to be made very strong . Very happy with this product . Not overly fancy , which is good . Baby can sleep in top part until he is to big , then move to the bottom . 2 beds in one great buy . The price was great ... and nowhere else could we find a Camo Joe bed like this one . I am sure it will well get its use over and over again ... Would buy again !!!!
 I registered for this because I knew my parents would n't want a free-standing crib taking up room in their house , and this playard folds up relatively quickly and compactly and can then be stashed away in a closet or under a bed . It 's pretty simple to set up , mostly because it does n't have a million pieces to assemble , and the directions for opening it and folding it are printed on the outside of the carrier -LRB- genius ! -RRB- . Also , the bassinet attachment is sturdy , and makes it easy for my poor old parents to pick up the baby . Material-wise , it 's nothing special , and the mattress is n't the softest thing in the world , but you can buy a playard mattress if that bothers your baby . I also attached my own crib toys to the bar because , like most baby products , the `` toys '' that come with it are an afterthought-the Miyim stroller toys are a good substitute because they velcro around the bar and jingle . The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because the locking mechanisms on the side rails are a little tricky ; you have to make sure they are all depressed , or the joints get stuck and you 'll be wrestling with it until you either give up , or your father takes over . Like a lot of things , practice makes perfect , and this does get easier the more you do it .
 I purchased the Graco Pack N Play to keep at my house for my two infant grandchildren . My daughter had the same one so I knew it was very well made . My husband and I had a little trouble setting it up , which I remember we had when I helped my daughter set it up . The poles that are inserted in the sides to give it shape were a little confusing . But once we got them in it was fine . I keep it assembled and ready , but I know my daughter and her husband have traveled with it and set it up in their hotel room . They find it pretty quick and easy to set up and take down to pack into their car . They also keep it set up on the first floor of their home and use it to change the baby 's diaper . My daughter registered for hers at Babies R Us and it was more expensive there than on-line through Amazon .
 I keep one at my parents ' and one at my home ! So far so good . The price is great and it is easy to set up with clear directions .
 We ordered this crib a few months ago . It is easy to set up and take down . What I like most about this crib is it doesnt have all the `` extras '' that we will not use.I would recommend using the American Baby sheets not the Graco brand . The American baby sheets are soft and cozy . The Graco sheets feel like sand paper and had to be returned .
 After reading many reviews for diffrent pack and plays I decided on the Graco Kensly . It 's simple and very easy to set up and take down . The price was very affordable and I love the unisex color and plain design . The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because there was a smell when I took it out of the package . I Febreezed it down and aired it out for a couple of days and the smell is completely gone . I am very happy with this purchase .
 My baby just turned 2 months so I have not used mine for long ... He still sleeps in the bassinet.This -LRB- the playard -RRB- would serve as his bed for as long as he agrees to stay in it.Now the pros . - Affordable - Easy to assemble or take down -LRB- done in minutes ! -RRB- - Portable even when assembled . . -LRB- can be lugged from room to room . This would help his minder keep better tabs on him while he is down for naps during the day while i am at work -RRB- - Nice neutral colors . . Cons : -- I personally feel the mattress pad is a joke !! after just a week , it was sagging in the middle . My baby is n't particularly big . He weighs about 13.5 pounds . . I had to get a mattress for it as it was also quite hard in addition ... . was scared his back would become curved as it became increasingly difficult for him to spend time in it due to obvious discomfort . - I live in a tropical country so while this would be a pro for others , its a con for me ! The mesh sides make it difficult to use a regular mosquito net . I have to drape the playard all the way down which makes it difficult to get to especially at night ... he still wakes up about 4x for feedings . . you see why this is a drag for me ... i guess it would get better as he gets older ... but then he wo n't need this again as he would have transitioned to a proper crib or bed in his own room!All in all , good product , great price !!!
 This was great as a first bed for our little girl . We did not want a crib with bars because that 's basically just putting your kid in jail and that just sucks . This was awesome for her until she was about 1 she outgrew it , but now we are going to use it for her baby sister ! I will note that we had to modify the bedding so it was n't so hard and uncomfortable , as for the first 4 months , she slept in our bed with us , and was not going to switch to an uncomfortable bed . Some battoning and foam and some water proof lining made it comfortable and safe for her , and until she outgrew them , we had her in chalks as well so she would n't roll around . Safety is the 1st concern , and we never had to worry about something going wrong with this , as it is all one piece and has no place for her to get injured , it 's just mesh siding that she can see through .
 I was very happy with how quickly the package came and how easy it was to assemble . I wish the mobile was a little nicer it seems to be very cheaply made but I guess it is true ; you get what you paid for !! Have n't had any problems yet but I 'm still waiting for my little one to arrive so I will have to write a review later on .
 Checked out the others and this one seemed to be the one everyone raves about .
 Purchased this item as a shower gift for my grand daughter that will be born in a few months so it 's a little early to say how it work . I do know that mom-and-dad-to-be really like the colors and functionality and said it was easy to assemble . The best part is it was shipped to Germany via an APO address and arrived in 7 days which amazed me . Even by choosing the free shipping it arrived in time for the baby shower . Amazing !
 I got this Pack 'n Play for my newborn son.Now he is 2 months old and he likes to lay down in a bassinet for just a short nap or to play with the little toys that I put up on that toy bar above.Very good purchase for a fracture of the price , especially with free Amazon shipping - that makes the whole deal even better ! Very useful , pretty neutral colors , very easy to put up and pack for the travel or storage , no problems to clean.I used the similar Pack 'n Play with my daughter as a crib to sleep in our overseas trip.I hope to use this one too for a many months to come.I am glad I got this Graco Pack 'n Play - it will pay off to use the playpen for even a few months.Great as always to be an Amazon customer , very fast delivery too ! Thank you !
 This Graco Pack 'n Play is exactly what we were looking for . Shipped quickly and a good quality product .
 It was great My son slept throug the night in it . Easy to set up and great for trips to grandmas house .
 I bought this for our Daughter , -LRB- baby due any day now -RRB- She was very pleased with the size and ease of set up . She plans on using this till baby is a little older . Great price , shipped fast , and over all great product for what it is . Highly recommend purchase through amazon best price around .
 I purchased this for our care giver and now I ` have ' to buy another-for GOOD REASON ! My son will only sleep in this . We hit some sleeping issues at home -LRB- at 6 mos -RRB- , he was up every hour but the care giver said he slept all day . We thought it was his schedule . As a last resort we brought this back home . He slept for 5 hours the first night we had it ! I 'm not sure what he finds so comforting , but regardless , we are buying another one ! Now I just hope I can get him back in his crib . : - -RRB- One final note , it is a little smaller than most pack-n-plays , but now I could care less , as long as he sleeps !
 I ordered this product because I have 1 new grandchild and 1 on the way . I needed a bed for them when they come to grandmas house , this met my needs perfectly ...
 I bought the Rise and Shine Grace Pack n Play . It looks even better than I thought . My teenage daughter had it put together in about 1 minute . And most important my granddaughter sleeps well in it . Great buy also .
 Serves both as very useful confined play area & as confined sleep area for young infants who can not yet climb out ! No technical difficulties encountered in set-up -LRB- there were no Little Red Wagon put-together '' issues -RRB- . Attractive and usefully portable around the house , even once set-up . Bassinet use highly dependent on infant 's underying mobility/age , but a nice option as needed . Modest difficulty in storing the collapsed unit in the box in which it arrived , compactly organized at the factory , but not so compactly achieved in our hands .
 This is a great product ! So easy to make '' baby ready '' . It was up in five minutes and it is so convenient to have it waiting when the grand child visits.The less hassle , the more visits !!!!
 I was VERY pleased to find this gift on Amazon.com . It was part of a baby registry at Burlington Coat Factory but when I went to purchase this item it was out of stock at the store.When I found the item on your site , there was FREE shipping so I did n't hesitate to purchase this item.AND our new grandson was born yesterday afternoon so it will be waiting for him to use!thanks so much and merry Christmas !! Mary Wiker
 I bought this to use at our house for our first grandchild . It folds up easily and is easy to store when not in use . Our grand baby has not yet used it at our house but they have one just like it at home . They use it for naps downstairs because the nursery is upstairs . Great item for baby .
 This pack & play is a huge hit with my 3 week old . She absolutely loves the elephant mobile that comes with it . And so very easy to set up .
 Great for the money , works just like any other pack and play and my sweet one slept just fine in it . Has the bassinet insert but not the changing table add on . Would recommend getting one with this feature after using it , much easier on your back and more stable than I thought . This one was just perfect though for the in-laws ' house which is where it will stay !
 This is a really great pack and play for the price ! I purchased two of them and they are awesome .
 Very easy to set up - bought it for granddaughter visit . The colors are reallycute for our new addition . I bought the quilted mattress cover from babies are usto add a little cushion to the top pad . The animals are cute - bar can be moved to hangover the play yard . She slept in it for two weeks . No complaints !
 I got it for my God Son - looks good very useful . Especially when you a place for the baby when you have two floors .
 Our grandbaby lives over seas . With her father in the Air Force they will move around often . We purchased the pack n play with an extra mattress and it makes an excellent crib for our granddaughter when they come and stay with us for several weeks at a time during their leaves . The baby loves the built in mobile . We like it because it 's easy to store when they are n't visiting , our guest room stays a guest room and not a nursery .
 I purchased this pack n play to have at my house for my new granddaughter . This pack n play is so cute and so easy to use ! I was looking for a used one and used ones were almost the price of this new one . I would highly recommend this to everyone .
 I orignally had put this pack n play on my babies `` r `` us registry but while I researching for lower prices I found this pack n play 10 dollars cheaper at amazon.so that wa a major plus , and I got free shipping for having Amazon prime which I recieved because I made a registry.I got this and in ten minutes I had everything completely put together ! could have probably taken longer but my husband kept distracting me.The color is very true to the color shown on your screen , maybe a pinch darker but dont take that to heart ! Some of the reviews are so harsh . Its a very simple pack n play thats under 70 dollars ! It feels safe and sturdy.I had to take it down because were moving and it took 5 minutes ! I 'm very pleased with the fact that the basinet just folds around the play pen and its has a liner/carrying bag that just zips right up . The only promblem that I found -LRB- I wasnt paying attention when taking it out of the box originally -RRB- was that I couldnt find room for the play bar or the netting that the bassinet set ontop of . I didnt really focus too hard on finding a way to do so , but I 'm pretty sure if I had I could have gotten everything in the bag . not a big deal to me.I love it ! and I 'm so happy with this purchase . I didnt need all the bells and whistles and I spent 100 dollars less !
 This item was easy to put together . It is very safe to use with an infant . Very cute . It can be used as a bassinet or a Pack 'n Play .
 I 'm a little disappointed with this Pack n Play . I 've seen others that are heavier duty than this one . I bought this to use in our church nursery ... I hope it holds up .
 My daughter hates to be confined but sometimes I put her there just for peace of mind . It 's worked beautifully ! I will probably keep it for my next little one .
 This is a handy little bed for the first year at Grandma 's house or any other overnighter stay . Just to keep baby contained and safe from the dogs or keep them off drafty floors . I did put an `` egg-crate '' foam mattress in the bottom covered with a bath-sheet , nice and tight . Or else it is too hard and sweaty to just lie on a plastic covered piece of cardboard . With weight increase the top level will sag in the middle . We have n't gotten to the bottom level yet . It is an back-up bed for short term use not for every night . And I love the play-pen .
 This is a simple pack and play , without some of the bells and whistles that are found on more expensive models , which does what it 's supposed to . I bought 2 of these , one for the grandparent 's house , and one to keep upstairs in our room -LRB- so that my wife can keep an eye on our daughter while she showers , for example -RRB- . We have aChicco Lullaby LX Playarddownstairs in the family room which we bought when our daughter was an infant . I 'll add some points of comparison between the Chicco and the Graco at the end of the review.If you 've used a pack and play before , you 'll find setting the Graco Pack 'n Play intuitive and easy ; it works just like all of the other pack and plays/play yards -- unfold and lock the top rails , push down the center support , put the `` floor '' -LRB- mattress -RRB- in place . If you have n't , the instructions are straightforward and easy.The Gracos all seem to be highly rated by Consumer Reports -LRB- although they do not rate this particular model -RRB- and they all appear to be safe -LRB- no extraneous straps , no large holes/slots for limbs or heads to be caught in , etc. -RRB- . This model does come with the bassinet attachment -LRB- which `` raises '' the mattress off of the bottom of the play yard -- useful for napping infants -RRB- , but the bassinet should no longer be used once the child can self support -LRB- sits on their own -RRB- . The Chicco Lullaby LX comes with the bassinet and changing table attachments -LRB- along with a few electonic `` baby soothing '' goodies -RRB- so it adds to the complexity of the setup . It also more than twice as expensive -LRB- almost 3 times as much ! -RRB- . It is , however the top rated play yard by Consumer Reports . If you need the extras , by all means go for theChicco Lullaby LX Playard . Otherwise , the Graco Pack 'n Play makes for a wonderful primary play yard and also does well as a secondary play yard -LRB- which is what we 're using it for -RRB- .
 We ordered the Graco Pack 'N Play for our baby grandson to use as a bed while he was visiting . It 's so easy to set up and fold back up for storage . Comes with a bag to store everything until the next time . The mattress folds and has Velcro straps for wrapping around the main walls portion , making its own storage container . Netting is very strong , well padded metal folding parts . You can not manipulate the buttons for folding the sides unless you have the floor of the set pulled up in the center , so baby can not accidentally get the metal frame unlocked . Very sturdy and compact . No complaints at all . It arrived undamaged in its original packing . Quick delivery .
 This is a very good bed for someone to purchase especially for the price and free shipping . We had it assembled it just a few minutes and it is very sturdy . Now when the new grandbaby comes over for a while mom and dad do n't have to bring some much stuff . Thanks .
 I too was very surprised by the ease of assembly and its well thought-out design , buttons , and straps . After just assembling it for the second time though , I noticed some stress lines -LRB- lighter color -RRB- on one of the long side clips used to hold up the bassinet attachment . I also had trouble getting the toy bar to clip over the bassinet clip -LRB- as per the product photo -RRB- but maybe I 'll try again . The Noah 's Ark motif is cute but I had n't noticed until I read the other reviews because -LRB- a -RRB- the print is upside down on the short sides of the pack n play , and -LRB- b -RRB- the sheets etc. cover up the base of the pack n play . Lastly , the baseboard bows slightly when placed in the bassinet with say a mattress and tight fitting sheets ... it 'd be nice if the stiffener was attached to the baseboard instead of the bassinet . I think this is a wonderful product though and only mention these points as room for improvement .
 We bought this to take on a trip with us to Cancun for our almost-2-year-old . He is big for his age -LRB- 98th percentile -RRB- but he fits in it fine.Obviously , we did not bring the bassinet part with us and I 'm not even sure if it 's possible to pack that stuff inside itself either . You 'd probably have to carry around those other parts separately . In any case it 'd add another 3-5 lbs to the thing.There was no problem checking this with our luggage at the airport and although it 's heavier than I 'd like it to be it was no problem to carry it with us.It worked great for us in Mexico and I have no complaints.I do wish that we 'd bought a sheet for it beforehand though because he just ended up sleeping with his face directly on the nylon-ish fabric . He did n't seem to mind though he did leave a few drool spots that are probably permanent stains .
 We are n't positive if we want our baby to sleep with us for the first little while , which is why we got this pack n play with the built in bassinet . We do n't need a full changing table or any of the other bells and whistles the more expensive pack n plays come with , so this was just what we needed . It 's small enough to fit through our doors and easy to move around as it has two wheels on one side of the unit . It was super easy to set up . I am 9 months pregnant and I assembled it all by myself . It is great , and I 'm so happy with our purchase . The price is sweet too ! This will get plenty of use after our baby is big enough to play IN it too ! ** update 8 months later ** Our baby slept in this bassinet for the first 4 months of her life . She loved it and so did we . It was great having her so close by and the bassinet is n't so huge that it takes up a ton of room . Also easy to set up and put away . Love this product and will be using it again with our next one !
 Very happy about this Play Pen -LRB- we used to call them -RRB- . It was not thatdifficult to set up and love the colors , just like the picture . I especially likethe upper sleeping level for infants , saves the back ! Good deal anddoes n't break the bank .
 Very good quality and looks good too ! Sturdy and easy to fold up and travel with , the wheels make it nice to move from room to room .
 Bought for our great granddaughter . It works great . Easy to set up andeasily collapses for storage .
 I bought this for when my grandson comes to visit . I had one years ago for my kids and I love the addition of the bassinet . It sets up and packs up quickly and easily .
 I have a bassinet/play yard that I purchased 5 years ago when I had my first child . I got it at Babies R Us . After letting a friend borrow it I was in need of a new one for our newest addition because she has cats and my husband and I are both allergic to cats . After weeks of reviewing other products , many of them fancier with changing tables and extra storage I decided on this one . With this being my 3rd child I know what I need and do n't need as much . The extra perks of the more expensive ones are n't necessary for me as I can change a diaper in the bassinet and store diapers , wipes , ointment and other things next to my bed . This bassinet/play yard is perfect for my baby to sleep in and be close to me in my room because I want to breastfeed . It is a little larger than I expected which is a good thing , especially for the price . The only negative about this is that when my husband took it out of the box to set it up we noticed a funny smell , kind of like mold and smoke ?! Im not due for another 3 weeks so I am glad that we took it out of the box now to get the smell to dissipate . I bought some Dreft spray and sprayed down the entire bassinet and it seems to be making the bassinet smell go away . Overall I am pleased with this purchase , I just hope the smell does n't come back .
 This is perfect for what we needed . It is small enough to move around . I do n't need all the bells & whistles some of the larger ones have . Right now I have it beside the bed as our baby is only 8 days old . . I recommend it . Just note the bassinet is the upper level , there is no separate bassinet like one of the pictures shows . . but I found that 's fine . . I do n't really need it .
 Great playpen - all you need and the design is simple and pretty . I use this for my son , but I would use it for a girl as well as the color is more of a blue/green . We used the bassinet attachement as well for a bit while waiting for our bassinet to come in , it did its purpose , but it did sag a bit in areas after only a few weeks , so I would not recommend this to use for a full 3 months as a bassinet . VERY portable and easy to use and I get a lot of compliments on it . Everyone else I spoke to that bought a playpen with more options , wishes they did not b/c they never use any of the options and it made theirs harder to store and travel with .
 We searched for a very long time before deciding to purchase this particular bassinett . It is perfect , easy to set up . Works great as a bassinett for the new borns , a bed for the little ones , and an enclosure for the toddlers . Great price , great style , sturdy and good for boys or girls .
 that came with it therefore ca n't comment on the other stuff . I did n't use the bassinet since my son was almost 6 mos . when I got . I also did n't use the little animal things that came with it and ca n't even tell you what they look like . However ; the actual pack and play is easy to set up and breakdown . I take it to the Gym twice a week and also use it upstairs everyday . I can take it down and put it up in less than 2 mintures . It is also very light weight so easy to carry . This part of it , I would give it a 5-star and would recommend it to friends and family .
 This is extremely easy to put up/break down . We use for travel and home . My 22 lb 9 month old seems very comfortable sleeping and playing in it . I do wrap a quilted blanket around the pad for extra comfort , but he 'd probably be fine without it . I definitely recommend this playard ! No frills , BUT A GREAT VALUE !
 Very good for moving in and out of the bedroom for newborn . Goes down hall s and into bedrooms with one hand . Would highly recommend to others . only thing missing is a changing table add on . Will be used for years I 'm sure .
 HAD THIS PACK N PLAY SHIPPED TO MY SISTER 'S HOUSE SO WE WOULD HAVE AN EXTRA WHEN WE FLEW HOME . IT IS QUITE SIMPLE BUT PERFECT FOR OUR 11 MONTH OLD AT A GOOD PRICE .
 It 's been a long time since we 've had a little one , so with company coming , we needed to baby shop ! Our guests asked if we had access to a Pack 'n Play , so I found this one which I could easily make for a girl or boy depending on the bedding I put in it . It came quickly , was easy to assemble , and little Josie and her mom & dad were very happy .
 Just what I ordered.Brand new . Ca n't wait to put the new great grand baby in it .
 Very easy to put up and take down for visits from the grandkids . Love this product !
 This is the third one i bought . not because they are problematic -- just because after i bought the first one and enjoyed using it -- so easy to put together for my grandson , my daughter insisted on one for traveling . Then my son needed for his in-laws as well.Easy to use , and stores compactly .
 The perfect portable ! Sturdy and a workable size , so definitely recommending this one for a bassinet substitute or just to have on hand for short trips -LRB- even if it 's just to the living room ... -RRB-
 I was not sure of the pack and play but upon reading the reviews I decided on Tango in the Tongo.Delivery was prompt and I and my niece are 100 % pleased.The price was fantastic and I was able to buy another gift with the money saved ...
 This play pen met all of my criteria ! It is reasonably priced , aesthetically pleasing , comfortable , easy to clean , easy to put together/take down , sturdy and stores compactly . I hated how the play pen for my first son was super bright and never matched anything . This one is much more low profile , and I love that ! It is also very easy to put together and take down and is sturdy once it 's up . I put it together without instructions on the first try and took it down with similar results . It holds up very well and is easy to move around the house because of the wheels on the one side.Be careful moving it down narrow hallways and through bedroom doors . My husband was frustrated with the tight fit and pulled on a leg to make it fold and it broke the tab holding it . This does n't hurt the function and will be easily fixable , but make sure if someone is helping you that they know the proper way to fold it if they need to . That was the problem . He did n't know how to make it fold.The bed of it has a nice cushion that does n't absorb wetness -LRB- which is GREAT -RRB- , but I found my baby sleeps much better and longer if I fold a big quilt and then put her on that . I think it makes her feel like she 's in her bed at home . Back to the wetness proof fabric the cushion is covered with ... The play pen I had for my first son absorbed wetness like crazy and it got SO GROSS . I would try to clean it but I never could get it back to what I considered clean , so I think this part is one of my favorite features!I liked this so much I bought one for my house and travels , and one for my parent 's house . If I had spent more , I would n't have been able to buy 2 and I would still have one more thing to pack in a tiny car when we go to visit .
 We bought this pack-n-play because we knew that we would be traveling a lot when my son was first born and it worked great ! We do not travel as much these days , but when we do it 's really nice to have a pack-n-play ! It works great for naps , bedtime , and to keep my son from getting into things when I need to leave the room for a few minutes and we are at a house that is n't child proof .
 This Pack N Play is exactly what we were looking for as Grandparents . It is easy to put up as well as take back down . It travels very easily . It is sturdy as well as comfortable Our money was well spent and we are very picky people . It lived up to all that was said about it .
 This is the easiest Pack & Play I 've ever used and have heard multiple comments from owners of other models that this one is amazingly easy to set up . It may not have some of the bells and whistles of the pricier models , but it suits my now 9-month-old just fine . The print is adorable and nearly neutral and the price can not be beat.Comfy , light and sturdy .
 We are really pleased with the Pack N Play . It is a great value . . I have n't seen any as large as this for this low price . It is high quality and so easy to use . I recommend it for anyone who wants a Pack N Play for baby !
 My extended family is delighted that I have the playard when they visit with their newborn . I like it , because it 's attractive -- and I can fold it up and store in a closet . It 's easy to put together and break down . Yes , it 's all plastic parts ; but what is n't nowadays ? The unit is bright and cheery , sturdy with no raw edges , and the carrying weight for portability is reasonable . Its best features are that it 's sturdy and safe , along with the wheels for moving it around . The layette accessory snaps easily into place , but when it 's time to store it away , it 's lacking a design for where to put it . Ditto for the mobile attachment , which has to be disassembled -LRB- a challenge ! -RRB- and put somewhere too .
 great colors , easy to assamble , very light , comfortable , my baby loves it ! she sleep very well on it , love it !!
 This is a great product , very light in weight to carry around . But i highly recommend the one with the changing table , more useful for few bucks more .
 I bought this Playard for grandchildren when they visit . It is so convenient to open and very secure . I like how compact it is for storage and to take along if we are staying in a hotel . I recommend it very highly .
 I ended up buying this same playard through another online retailer because , after placing my amazon.com order , the shipment was damaged by UPS and returned to Amazon.com . I was never notified of the problem - they just cancelled my order . Regardless , even though my Amazon experience was not a good one , the playard itself is wonderful . Its a nice warm brown , almost chocolaty . It sets up and folds easily and quickly and goes into its storage bag easily . The large bassinet snaps easily onto the frame , unlike other models that use bars and latches , and it stores easily into the bag with the playard for travel . This playard does n't have all the `` frills '' , such as music or a changing table , but as a mom of 3 I know that those features are not very useful past a certain age , anyway . I 'd rather have an attractive , sturdy , economical playard that will give lots of practical use and that is exactly what this model offers . I highly recommend it .
 The Playard took a little getting ` used to ' - the mesh surrounding ? - for my grandson , but he now enjoys it . My daughter knows he is safe during his playtime if she needs to step away .
 Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Bassinet in Tango in the TongoShipping was in EXCELLENT speed . As grandparents we are looking forward to our first grandson using . Very well made , easy to put together , cutest hippos that you hang by velcro . For the price , you wo n't be sorry in ordering , and has great bag to store and to carry for vacations , etc. .
 This is a great pack n play ! I actually bought one for my son and one for my house because I liked it so much . As with any pack n plays , I would suggest not leaving in an area where it will mildew . Once it mildews , it 's ruined . This is definitely worth the money for it 's size and features . I would recommmend this product to anyone looking for a nice pack n play . I looked at a lot of playards which were much more expensive but were not made as well as this one . So do n't be fooled by higher priced ones , this one will do the job for you just as well .
 with 2 babies we needed to get a pack n play , this was a great choice . It is just the right size and with the added bassinet feature , both of our children were able to benefit from it . My only complaint would be the case ; it seems to be more difficult than it should be to make everything fir into the case . the play yard is very easily collapsible and the mattress surrounds that with ease as well . However , when it comes time to put the bassinet netting , the poles and the mobile in side the case as well - you really have to get creative ! More often than not , I have to fidget with all the accessories to get everything to fit in smoothly .
 This is a wonderful pack n ' play ! I bought a &#34; fancy &#34; one several years ago for my first granddaughter , but did n't really need all of the &#34; extras . &#34; Since that first playard is now &#34; under new ownership &#34; I purchased the &#34; On the Go &#34; playard , which uses the same sheets , is extremely sturdy and was just what &#34; grandma &#34; needed for their Thanksgiving visit . It does n't have the napper or the changer , but that was n't a problem at all . I appreciate this product as it was affordable and very well constructed . Nice colors too : -RRB-
 I watch an 8 month old baby about 24 hours a week , and this playard has been a God-send . Without it , I was forever worrying about whether or not the baby was safe while I was doing necessary daily routines.It 's a sturdy playard , and looks good in the living room . It is too wide to fit through the doors of the other rooms , and requires too much effort to disassemble it each time I take care of him.I assembled this alone , which was a challenge , as I had never set one up before .
 I ordered this on a Monday thinking it would get here the following week and it showed up Wednesday morning . i was very impressed with how quickly it came and would definitely order from this seller again in the future . as for the pack n play itself it was really easy to set up once i realized that the instructions were tucked under the mattress pad :p i thought i lost it but i did n't pay attention . the only reason it does n't get 5 stars is because in the middle of the night the toy bar snapped itself off and flew across the room and i 'm worried it might do that again with my son inside the bassinet so i do n't like the toy bar but otherwise i love everything else about it . it 's also super light - i can lift the entire thing at 9 months pregnant with no strain . this will help me easily move baby from room to room without waking him if i have to . definitely recommend !
 I bought this pack and play for our infant grandson to sleep in while at our house and keep him safe from our labs licking him ! Seems to be well made and very easy to put together . Light enough to carry to the beach . Good value .
 We needed something for our little grandson to sleep in safely when he visits , and this is just the ticket !
 Grea crib . Broady loves it !! Very easy to take from room to room and easy to set up . Very economical !!
 The pack 'n play was easy to erect and take down . Worked great as crib as well as play area .
 I received this product on time , and for the price , I love it ! It 's very easy to set up . The only issue I had with its assembly was finding where to put the metal poles for the bassinet ... And all it took was a little bit of common sense to figure out . : -RRB- The smell of this , however , was awful . It was a mix between chemical-plastic , and as if the guy who packaged it was a heavy smoker . I wiped it down with Lysol wipes and have been letting it air out over the past three days . It 's getting better . The mattress is thin , yes , but that 's to be expected from something that comes folded.I will update my review when my baby arrives !
 Perfect for our needs . It has been used over the holidays . I feel ready to receive my grandkids . Very glad I bought it .
 Have 2 grandchildren due the end of January , so product has not been used yet . Seems fine , just as pictured
 Works great for over nights for little ones . Annnoying at times to fold up if you are in a hurry , but otherwise well made . Should offer a thicker mattress - would buy again .
 Needed this for the holidays for family visiting with babies . Worked great . Easy set-up . Delivered on time . One of the best play pens on the market .
 This is easy to set up and sturdy . Great for the progression of their growth and developement . Now I can use it for the second grandchild as the first has moved to a toddler stage .
 Bought this bed for the new grandson when he visits . I wish I had thought of this idea ! Works absolutely perfect , folds away for storage quickly and assembles very quick . It does the job and works perferctly .
 This product was purchased to use in a rental home , it does exactly what it says although I personally always find these contraptions difficult to fold back up . Its an excellent product that I would recommend to friends .
 Grandaughter slept like a baby in the Pack N Play . She enjoyed her naps and a very good nights sleep .
 I live in Sao Paulo , but I was born in Rio . . because of that I must keep two beds for my baby in each state . This playard works like a bed for him . Perfect !
 This travel yard/bassinet is really handy to have around . It 's easy to set up and take down . It 's really nice that it has two wheels on it so you can move it around the house easily .
 Simple to use , very basic pack 'n play . Just keep the center up when deploying or taking down or the arms wo n't lock/unlock ... the directions make that very clear and I believe that 's very standard . Two levels , not three like some ... but that works just fine for us .
 VERY good size , color chosen . Adjustable exceed expectations . according to the proper use , recomendado al 100 % for other persons , besides excellent
 I bought this for my daughter and her husband when their baby was 4 months old . It 's only been a month since they have had it but they love it -- they say it folds up really easy , is just what they needed for the baby and they are enjoying having it .
 Graco products have proven to be of high quality . My wife and I got a lot of their products -LRB- pack n play , car seat/stroller -RRB- for our first kid . Six months into parenthood , we think we made the right choices .
 It was overwhelming looking at all the Pack N Play or play yard designs that is out there . I love how simple this one is . I feel all of the attachments on the other ones would be just too much . There are some cute pack n play sheets that go with this well for boys or girls . Highly recommended .
 Easy to set up and take down for storage . All parts seem to be high quality . Will recommend product to friends
 Worked great as a bassinet easy to set up , Baby was comfortable and it was safe . Now that our son is older he uses the playpen still in good shape , Its nice to get multiple uses out of one thing . Over an extended period of time , totally worth it . . Just would have wished they had more color choices .
 I just purchased this pack N play for $ 60.00 overall the quality is great . Color is bright and will work for a boy or girl . Very satisfied with this purchase .
 Very good stuff ! Great benefit for it 's price ! Arrived on time and the for the price it was a great benefit !
 Very easy to assemble . Have n't used it yet , but it looks like it will meet our needs . I recomend it .
 I 'm new to the Playard , pack-n-play arena , so was pleased I understood the directions and could assemble quickly . The only downside would be that they tell you to attach the bottom with the velcro tabs . I found that I could not do that once I put on the sheet . Nevertheless , the bottom has been secure so far .
 I did a lot of price checking and reviewed many reviews trying to find the right playard . This was perfect because we did not need a changing table or other extras , just a bed for travel , etc. . The bassinet seems well made , though my baby is already to big to use it so we wo n't be needing that . It is very easy to assemble and feels very sturdy . I also really like the color , I have a girl but like the gray and gender neutral pattern on the Pasadena . ****** For clarification from another review this DOES in fact have the straps on the pad to secure to the bottom bars with snaps so the pad will not move or sink ******* This also packs up very nicely and will be very convenient to take on trips . There is NO need to spend twice the $ $ ... . this is a great product and a great price .
 This Pack `` N Play is just perfect for my needs . I have this for when my grandson visits . It is great for nap-time or for overnight visits . It is sturdy and very easy to set-up
 We purchased this Pack 'n Play for our granddaughter ... and hopefully more grandchildren to come . It is the perfect size for our family room where we keep it . It was VERY EASY to assemble - instructions are not even necessary !
 Convenient Pack 'N Play with sturdy variable mattress heights . It stores so easily and pops up in a minute or two . The wheels make it easy to move about and the colors are neutral enough for Grandma 's house . Having it here makes one less baby item for the kids to pack when they come to visit , and the price was perfect .
 Bought this a a second Playard for the baby to use at his Grandmother 's . Great quality and it folds up real samll . The only thing I did not like is that the bottom does not have any solid particle board , just the thin matress is comes with . This became sort of a problem when my baby was trying to sit at first and he kept falling over because the crib floor was sinking slightly to the direction he started to lean to . But ca n't ask more for the price .
 We just got this in the mail and practiced putting it together . Our little guy does n't arrive for another month so as far as the durability goes , we 'll find out but we do love the look of it and it 's easy to assemble and disassemble . We just wish there was a place to put the bassinet holder in with the rest of the packaging when you fold it up . Other than that , we 're content !
 Our grandson loves this pack n play and we like having the choice of being near him . It set up easily and rolls freely around the home . We purchased a foam mattress to go on top of the mattress because of reviews from others saying that the pack n play had a hard thin mattress . We are glad we ordered the extra mattress . The color is perfect and goes well with the family room .
 Great value . Baby loved the toys hanging over.Slept all night in it while he stayed with grandma over Christmas .
 The Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Bassinet , Kensly , is the one I chose . I 'm a grand parent and wanted a baby bed for our house . This playard is just what we needed . I wanted a nice and simple piece of furniture that would fit our lifestyle and decor . I can roll it into any room . He 's using the bassinet part now . I did n't see any need for the extras , like the changing table etc. and I feel right in my decision . This is a great little sturdy bed for the baby to sleep in .
 This is a great product ! We keep it in the car with us just in-case ! Our daughter does n't seen to mind sleeping in it and she is pretty pick about where she sleeps . We camp a lot and this comes in handy . It was easy to set up but tricky to put away at first but we got the hang of it quick . The only down side I 've found is that the zipper broke on the bag that you store it in . Kind of a bummer other then that I recommend it to anyone !
 It was Christmas time and I was looking for a Playpen for my 8 month old niece . She had a small `` Bouncy '' thing she could lay on and relax . . but she outgrew it fairly quickly . When I was looking on Amazon for a Playpen I saw lots of them with all of the bells and whistles that looked okay , but the reviews said an entirely different thing . I stumbled onto this product and read all of the reviews and most of them were above positive . So I brought it.I must say I do not regret it . My niece loves it . She 's much more free and able to just crawl around and just play with her toys . It 's sturdy , very attractive easy to put up and pull down . . it 's a great overall product . The only thing i did n't like is the pad on the bottom . It 's soft , but it is n't soft enough for my taste . But I just put a small fluffy blanket down and so that problem is solved . I loved the bassinet feature as well . My niece is a bit too big for it , but it was a lovely add on that I 'm sure most parents with infants would enjoy when traveling.I recommended this product for those looking for a playpen . It 's really attractive , easy to open/close and carry along with you when visiting . And what I like about it the most is that it 's well made and can be passed down to the next baby in line when my Niece outgrows it . I Love products that are made very well and I Love this one .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister . When I went to put it together , the sides would n't lock in place . I looked for the directions and could n't find them , so my neighbor came over to help me.FYI ... you have to make sure the P&P ; is n't flat at the bottom when trying to lock the sides . Just pull up on the strap in the center of the `` floor '' of P&P. ; Also , I found the instructions after my neighbor left ... in a pouch that is attached to the mattress .
 My son is 4 months old and thus far this has been an EXCELLENT buy . We used it as a bassinet for the 1st 31/2 months and it worked perfectly . It 's fairly light and easy to pull throughout our apartment . It fits through our bedroom doors so no need to fold it up . I have n't used the playard part yet , just as a bassinet as previously mentioned but I 'm sure it 'll hold up just as well . GREAT BUY !
 I could not understand why this Playard was so much less than the ones in the stores . I gambled and ordered it despite my worries about the price as all I wanted was the Pack 'n Play with a bassinet . It has been awesome . It does n't have the fancy features that can turn a baby product into a casino-like experience -LRB- annoying lights and sounds -RRB- . It also does n't include the changing station . The Noah 's Arc theme is cute . I 'm glad that Amazon had this product available .
 I have been very happy with this product . It is light weight and easy to fold up and down . I guess that the sides are a little shorter than other pack n plays but not enough that you really notice . My 1 year old loves to sleep in here . The pattern a `` Noah 's Ark '' theme and is cute .
 I looked at several portable playards , most over $ 125 , but this had the basic features I wanted at a great price . The full size bassinet is great for my twins , they both fit in there with room to spare . If you are just looking for something basic with no fuss , look no further . It is easy to set up , and sturdy .
 So pack n ' plays can be tricky to operate until you understand them , but after that they are a snap . the trick to know is that the edges wo n't snap into place unless the floor is collapsed , so from a folded position , you snap the edges in FIRST , then push the floor down . If you push the floor down first , you will waste hours of your life trying to figure out why the F# * # $ ing edges wo n't lock into place ... Aside from this one annoyance , these things are a life saver . They are portable , comfortable for baby , and safe . If you need to park your child for any reason , this is the thing to do it in . I have 4 - two at home -LRB- one upstairs and one downstairs -RRB- , one at the in-law 's house , and one at my sister 's house . Our little one always has a place to nap and a safe place to hang out while daddy is taking a dump.As for the accessories - do n't waste your money - there are more expensive pack n plays out there than this that come with a variety of accessories from a bassinet attachment to a diaper changing cradle - all worthless junk that raises the price . Our first PnP was the most expensive model that came with all these accouterments , and it was a waste of money . The basinet , in particular , is useless , as it is not really safe for an infant to sleep in - the the bottom is not stiff enough since it 's basically just a net to hang the floor mat in . the diaper changing cradle is marginally useful , but not terribly compact so not my favorite . the only other extra is a bottle older thing , which is nice but not really nessacery . The point
 Very easy to open and close . Works great on trips , and if no crib at grandmas house this works for a bed anytime .
 My first grandson is n't here yet , but for the price , this is one sturdy , convenient piece of equipment . My son has seen it , and was impressed , even though the one on their registry is much more expensive . This is for me , though , and I think it will be great and last through many babies . The directions were difficult to figure out -LRB- just illustrations -RRB- , but I eventually got it together , and I 'm really pleased .
 We purchased this item for our newest grandchild to have at our home . It is wonderful . We have used it so many times and in fact our daughter returned the one I purchased for her -LRB- different brand -RRB- and we bought another one of these for her . The bassinet is great and the adjustable toy bar is very nice also . Have no complaints at all
 I ordered this playpen after reading several good reviews . I have another playpen that is impossible to take down once it is out . This playpen is very easy to put up and down . I have n't used the bassinet part because my baby is 9 months already , but plan to use it for the next baby . Very happy with my purchase ... btw this costs less than the one I already had and the design is so cute .
 I bought a more expensive version -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- of this with the changing attachment , vibration , music and the little mobile . Turns out that all the extras do not fold into the portable box.So if you are planning on using this primarily for travel , do n't waste $ $ on the extras . This one works just fine when I take my son to my parent 's house for the weekend . Wish someone would have told me !
 This was purchased for our seven month old granddaughter to sleep in during her visit . Worked well .
 I love this . The bassinet is perfect and the mattress seems great for an infant . The setup and take down was so easy and you ca n't beat the price ! Very sturdy and safe !
 The item arrived on time and properly packaged . It was a bit heavier than I thought but not too heavy to lug around when traveling . It is very easy to set up foolproof I would say . We bought if as a travel bed for my 5 month old and it works fine , we also use it as a playpen and bed when she is at home as her crib can not be moved around easily but this is easily transferred from room to room and even outside on the porch when mom is doing chores . Only thing why I did not give a five star is the carrying bag seems a bit weak , as if it would tear easily however we have not had any problems so far . Great product . Would recommend it . Price not too bad .
 We absolutely love this pack and play ! We keep it downstairs in the family room so we do n't have to take him upstairs to nap . We have been using it since the day we brought him home . He sleeps so well with it and even loves the little mobile hanging animals ! I would defiantly recommend it to anyone !
 This is a great pack n play . It is sturdy but not too heavy for me -LRB- 110 lb . mommy -RRB- to set it up by myself and break it down . I also like that I can wheel it from room to room . My husband can easily carry it between floors of the house . It is very compact when it is all folded up and the pad becomes a carrying case . It has multiple uses . I also take the pad out and use it when baby is sitting up on the floor so if they fall back the pad is very soft and great padding . I did purchase sheets to use over the pad .
 This is such a great Pack N Play . It is easy to put together , and to take apart , as well as to travel with . I love the Zooland design , it goes well with our safari nursery theme . The Elephants mobile on the top is adorable , and we love the gender neutral colors . The price is amazing , and we got it even cheaper at Burlington Coat Factory , for 59.99 . I would recomend this for anyone , and it is great as a bassinet for a newborn . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Very glad I purchased this Graco Pack N Play Playard . It is soooo easy to put up and take down . We 've taken it on 2 trips out of town so far . Both times we were able to take it down and pack it away in a matter of about 1-2 minutes . It is just as easy to set it back up . It folds up and fits nicely in it 's bag and is just really nice and compact . I would recommend this to anyone !!!!!
 Currently my son sleeps in our room so I do n't have to go up and down stairs to get to him in his crib . So , he sleeps in this at the bassinet hight . It was so easy to put up . I also love how it folds away and is all in it 's own carry thing . Graco is the best brand for anything baby !
 Great product . Looked exactly like the description . Easy to assemble . The mattress was a bit hard , so I bought a carters quilted cover . Now it feels soft and my baby loves it .
 I love this bed . My grandson sleeps in it while at my house . It is easy to store and it is very , very cute
 I purchased this PNP for my grandson who resides in the Caribbean . it 's . Very easy toassemble , very sturdy Ans the price was right.They all loved it .
 Very easy to get up and down , stores nicely . Granddaughter 's first sleepover night in it and she slept like the perfect little girl she is . Great price for a wonderful product !!
 Bought this to use at my grandmother 's house . Basic play yard at a great price . The color is slightly more aqua than the picture shows . Hope to use this for a couple years when we visit on vacation .
 My little one slept on the bassinet part for almost 4 months and she really liked it . She 's a small baby so it did n't feel so overwelmingly big like a crib would . The thing I would say is the mattress is slightly thin and I searched everywhere for a mattress topper but couldnt find one . It did also sag a little towards the end , but we did use it everyday ! She did n't seem to mind though.I found that the cream colored graco quilted sheet fit really well on the mattress . It was really snug and did n't leave any gaps . I would highly recommend this as a safe sleep option for your child . For the price you ca n't go wrong !
 The crib/play pen/changing area was shipped and recieved in less than 4 days . It arrived in a very sturdy packing box.It was easy to assemble and very sturdy in it 's construction , we have no problem letting our new Granddaughter sleep in it when they visit .
 We were looking for a good deal on a pack and play for our third child and found it . The colors are beautiful , contemporary , and gender neutral . The ONLY drawback as delivered is the ugly and uninteresting mobile , but since we were n't expecting it to have one at all , it does n't affect how we feel about the unit . The bassinet is deep enough to be very safe for new infants but not so low that it 's difficult to use immediately after delivery . We bought a compact crib mattress for longer visits to grandma or grandpa 's house and it fits like a charm .
 The Graco Pack 'N Play with Bassinet is great . It assembled easily and folded back down with no problems . It is sturdy and the price for it on Amazon is fantastic ... much lower than anywhere else I looked . My granddaughter loves it , too .
 I highly recommend this play yard . We purchased one for home and one for my mom 's house . They are very easy to put together and we have been using both since she was born -- she 's nine months old now . We now use it when we we need to get things done around the condo . We set her up in a central location so we can keep an eye on her and she can still interact with us . Amazon has great sales on these play yards , so I recommend shopping around being purchasing one -LRB- or two -RRB- for your baby .
 I have used several Graco items over the years with my g ` children so I bought this as a gift for our friends to use with their first g ` child . They love it ! Ease of use and superior quality is why I continue to buy Graco !
 This playpen is fantastic ! I use it every single day as a diaper-changing station and for nap time . My only complaint is that the toys for the toy bar are pretty blah and boring - little brown bear faces . However , I just took them off -LRB- they 're attached with a velcro strap -RRB- and attached some more colorful ones with chimes and rattles and it works just fine . I love that it came with the toy bar and second level - not a true bassinet but the full-size mat that attaches about 3/4 from the bottom of the playpen . I have not yet used it without this mat so I ca n't attest to how well it works as a true playpen . Overall , I 'm quite pleased with this Graco product.As a side note , I would like to mention that using it as a diaper-changing station as I do may cause some back pain -LRB- it does for me at times and I am 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- because it 's not meant for that and so it 's not at the ideal height for use as such . That being said , my husband -LRB- who is 6 ' -RRB- uses it for the same purpose and has not complained .
 The crib is really cute , easy to pack and ready to take anywhere !! I just loved it !!! I recommend for everybody !!!
 This was a gift for my daughter who is expecting her third child this month so we have n't open the box yet , but was shipped on time and package came in excellent condition .
 all ok , but this graco pack 'N play does not bring changer baby table . i had to buy by separated . regards
 The product is great . Very simple so assemble , to keep , to disassemble . The only BUT is that it weights almost 10kg/19Lbs . And this is one of the lighters.My baby is almost weighting that . Now imagine carrying him in front , his backpack and this in one hand going to the airport . You 'll almost look like a marine : -RRB-
 Our baby has not arrived , so we have not yet used the Pack N Play . We did set it up and it looks very clean and modern .
 Perfect time of delivery , perfect price , perfect product conditions ... as always in amazon . . no complains at all ! I love to buy in amazon!ThanksCris Celi
 Love it Love it Love itabsolutly perfect for my needs
 I bought this for a friend as a baby shower gift . It is very cute & she seems to really like it .
 We have four kids and almost always buy Graco products , and we are not disappointed with this one , either !
 This is for my grandchild when he visits . It is easy to set up and store . Bought a mattress to make it more comfortable . Be careful when sizing the mattress so it fits properly . This product arrived quickly and in perfect shape .
 I bought this in August of 2011 for 52.00 at the time ? I liked the colors and it fit well with our home ! I came back in October to buy the same Pack n ' Play for a different room and found that the price is now 70.00 + ??? I was n't real happy to be paying 20.00 dollars more ! I found the same Pack n ' Play at CostCo for 49.99 !
 This goes up and down easily . The bassinet is perfect for the infant who is coming to visit , and the 2 year old can go underneath -- it will be like a bunk bed . -LRB- only kidding -RRB- well worth it , and since there is another infant grandchild around the corner , I 'm sure it will be used for many years . Not too expensive , and easy to put up and take down , or with you .
 I registered for this and received it as a gift because I thought I just needed a playard with a bassinet . It 's great and easy to put together and take apart . It 'll be great for travel and it 's pretty compact when folded up . I just wished I registered for a pack 'n play with a changer now though !!! No fault to Graco , but I wished they had it available as an accessory or add on . :-LRB- Just know what you want before you buy it ! They have so many different pack 'n plays in all sorts of designs and colors !
 This was the bassinet that I chose after reading many many many many MANY reviews on all kinds of bassinets and their pros and cons and whatnot . . and the price , simplicity , and the positive reviews appealed to me so I purchased it.Well first of all it was a nice gender neutral color and the design and pictures on it were absolutely adorable and not offensive at all.and the set up was quick and easy and folding up for storage was do-able . I set it up in the room with even a canopy hanging over it to create the new baby atmosphere and also to protect my coming baby from flying insects and stuff . . I speak in past tense because a few months later while getting my car transported it was stolen out of my trunk.Well I ended up never using it from the beginning . It pretty much held diapers and other stuff I wanted for immediate access since it was propped right up next to my bed . . and it was GREAT for that . I hung handwashed baby clothes on it and put laundry in it . It was quite usefull indeed and easy to move around when I wanted to vacuum underneath it.What I did n't like about it was that the mattress pad was thin and not well cushioned and it was concave in the middle-which probably ca n't be helped . -LRB- Now I imagine most bassinets whether the pricier ones or cheaper ones are all like that . -RRB- I could n't imagine my baby being comfortable going from the warm softness of mommy 's womb to laying in a cheaply padded , concave surface - not to mention the elongated head would be forced to turn sideways because of the lack of cushioning . and in the winter time it would be impossible for the baby to stay warm since this thin pad will not retain heat . I know that pediatricians recommend a firm surface because of the SIDS scare , but a baby will have a hard time getting adjusted to that so embrace yourself for many nights of a wailing baby . Well my baby is 10 months now and from the moment of birth to this day she had slept next to me in my bed and not only have I never experienced loss of sleep , she never once had a crying fit in the middle of the night except a few quiet whimpers to let me know she was hungry.Well overall I think this would be a good temporary bed if you are not sure about getting a big expensive wooden crib . You wo n't find out if your baby will sleep fine by herself or not till after the baby 's born so I would try this out before spending the big bucks . Also it 's a good place to keep your baby in when you need to confine her for a short time .
 Graco es una super marca , ofrece durabilidad , practicidad , por eso lo escog&iacute;.Adem&aacute;s de ofrecer modelos muy bonitos , ofrece portabilidad .
 Great job by Amazon to get this to me 3 days after my order was placed . This is a basic , no frills Pack n Play , which is what this Grandy wanted , and the price was good . It was easy to set up and put away , and yet seems very sturdy . It will be perfect for when grandchildren come to visit .
 This is the perfect piece of furniture for grandparents to have in the house for visiting little grandchildren.Very easy to move around .
 This is a great pack n ' play . I looked at quite a few before buying and decided on this one because it 's simple , does n't have unnecessary -LRB- and expensive -RRB- extra bells and whistles , and was nice looking . My son loves to play in this and the velcro on the mobile makes it easy to attach other toys with velcro as well . So we 're able to change the look of the mobile as often as we want . Would definitely recommend this .
 I love the Lively Dots pattern . It is so cute and will go good with a girl or boy . Very easy set up . I really like the raised bottom for when you have an infant . It can also hold some weight . I had my newborn in it when my 21/2 year old decided to join her -LRB- we had it next to our bed so he just climbed in -RRB- . He laid next to her and it held them both very well . -LRB- Not that I would recommend having them both in there -RRB- . We told him it was her bed and he had to just look at her . : -RRB- Overall LOVE this product !!! Highly recommend it . Think the little hanging bear heads are pointless though . I just left them off .
 This is invaluable when you want to be mobile . I am not great with mechanical things and I assembled it all by myself . It is great , and I 'm so happy with this purchase . The price is very fair too ! This will get plenty of use after our baby is big enough to play IN it too ! We are n't positive if we want our baby to sleep with us for the first little while , which is why we got this pack n play with the built in bassinet . We do n't need a full changing table or any of the other fancy stuff the more expensive versions come with , so this was just what we needed . It 's small enough to fit through our friends doors and pretty easy to move around because of the wheels and the fact that it is not too heavy .
 My one year old has been sleeping in this pack n play at grandma & grandpa 's since he was 3 weeks old . The bassinet attachment works well for infants and is easy to take out when they start sitting or pulling up . It 's a good thing to have around for safety -LRB- pulling up on the oven at dinnertime , etc. -RRB- and a simple design . I like that I did n't have to pay hundreds of dollars extras for the attachments that no one I know uses -LRB- changing station , etc. -RRB- . Seems pretty sturdy . The only concern I had was the strong chemical smell when we first unpacked it , but we let it air out before using , and it went away pretty quickly . Every new baby item we 've bought seems to have that smell though , especially the carseats . Overall it 's a good product and we 're happy .
 The colors were as described . It 's sturdy and easy to put up and take down . Just what I was looking for . Very convenient .
 Loved this pack and play ! Great colors for boy or girl . It was very compact and easy to open and close ! Would definitely recommend this to everyone !
 This pack 'n play is super easy to setup and matches our decor perfectly ! I love that the little stars and moon on the bar are detachable and easy to wipe clean ! The bassinet is easy to attach and is definately sturdy enough ! Some pack 'n plays have flimsly mattresses making the bassinet a little rocky , but not this one ! Absolutely love everything about this pack 'n play !
 The engineering on this is really good . We use it for visiting baby 's and it is very compact when not in use . Setup is easy and not complicated .
 Our 9-day old son spends his afternoon naps in the bassinet and I am sure the playard itself will come in handy at Grandma and Grandpa 's as well . It is great to have in our living room for changings so we do n't have to climb upstairs every time . Easy cleaning as well , just wipe down !
 This was a great and convenient way to have our baby grand daughter visit . It was safe and cheerful .
 We found this product to be well made . The best price was here on Amazon even with shipping . All you have to do is follow the instructions and it is up and it does not take much longer to pack away . It is also easy to bring with you .
 This item is exactly what I expected and it goes well with the stroller and car seat . My son is not born as yet , but I am sure he will enjoy it .
 My baby boy really likes his play yard . I just wish it had a bassinet but for the price its a great buy
 We ordered this to have for our new grandson when he is old enough to come over to stay overnight at our house -LRB- he 's only 9 days old , so not quite yet -RRB- . It is very cute and , after reading the instructions on how to make sure the bars are fully extended or fully retracted , it was simple to assemble and then collapse for storage . The carrying case has plenty of room for the playard and the included accessories . A great portable but sturdy item for grandparents to have .
 This bassinet is just what it seemed to be . I trust Graco for quality and I was happy to find one without all the bells and whistles . This unit is sturdy and the colors are well-represented . I received it quickly on the date stated . I think this is a great item for the price -- practical and high quality .
 Was very easy to set up , for the number of times that we will use it , it is a very good bargain . Seems very sturdy , our other grandson who is about 30 lbs sat in it and it held up well .
 We really enjoy this product . Although we are only using the bassinet at this time , we are impressed with the overall quality of the Pack 'n Play . My sweet , but short wife loves that she does not have to reach down deep to tend to the Baby . We tried two playards that did not have the bassinet feature and they were hard to use with a new born . It is very mobile and we have used on several trips .
 This is great pack and play - confy for my 9mos old and easy for me to pack and set up . This is the second Graco pack and play I have bought - we bought this one specifically to keep at the Grandparents and for travel.Using it for travel has revealed the only flaw I can find with the pack and play - no handle on the storage bag . The pack and play breaks down easily and smoothly fits into its storage case - but carrying the pack and play in the case is cumbersome and awkward . If Graco could add a shoulder strap to the storage bag - this product would be perfect . : -RRB-
 Initially we purchased a more expensive PNP w / all the bells and whistles , but returned it quickly after realizing it was too large for the space we had and the extras were NOT neccessary . This PNP was purchased to use in our bedroom for baby boy to sleep in once home since it is a little smaller then the fancier PNP 's . We were later given an actual bassinet to use for that purpose , but we have been using the PNP in our living room w / the bassinet feature for our son to sleep/play in during the day -LRB- we purchased a PNP sheet to make it more comfortable for baby -RRB- . Our son LOVES this PNP . He has plenty of room to kick around and play , as well as sleep comfortably . We have hung additional toys from the decorative toy bar and our son laughs , giggles , kicks , bats at and plays constantly . Colors are great and matches everything else we purchased . Very durable and easily portable w the carry case . I love that it has wheels on one side so that we can roll it around to different areas of our living room when needed . Now that our son is bigger and still isnt comfortable in his crib , we will be moving this PNP into our bedroom to sleep at night . I would DEFINITELY recommend this PNP to other new parents .
 Being a new mom , when I set up my baby registry , naturally I registered for products that were of the same pattern so my little girl would have her car seat/travel system , pack n play , high chair , swing , etc all match . However , paying for matching baby gear comes at a premium . I researched reviews on Amazon.com as well as well known search engines and found that I did n't need all the frills that most pack n plays come with . I wanted a unit with a dependable bassinet , i.e. one that does n't hover precariously over the pack n play , so that my child could sleep soundly . This pack n play accomplished exactly that ! Assembly and dis-assembly is a breeze and the unit is very light . The one caveat is that this pack n play is just a little wider than a standard door so if you want to move it from bedroom to bedroom , you have to collapse the pack n play and then reassemble it in the next room . My preemie daughter is 4 months old and though she has outgrown her bassinet , I 'm not quite ready for her to sleep in the crib and this is a perfect solution ! I love the pattern as well . It 's very gender neutral and I know I can use it for the next baby , boy or girl .
 Expensive is n't always better which I 've now learned having three children . I had a Graco playpen that worked great for my first child . It was around $ 149 7 years ago . I now have twins and kept that playpen but realized that we needed a second one . I did n't want to pay an expensive price again so I figured I 'd give this one a try . Well , I love it so much , I bought 2 ! I keep these downstairs by the kitchen . I love that they have wheels on one side ! Perfect for moving around -LRB- even while the babies are inside ... very smooth -RRB- . It is so easy to fold down and put up again , and really light . The color tones are neutral and blend in to the decor -LRB- not a big deal but I just thought I 'd note that ... some baby things can be so bright and busy ! -RRB- . The reason I only gave it four stars is that the first one I bought has a fold/bump in the middle of the pad that we ca n't get out . It developed after about six months of use and unfortunately is permanently there . The second one has n't developed anything like that yet but we have n't had it as long either .
 I and several others purchased this item as a shower gift for a friend . The Pack 'n Play is a wonderfully versatile piece of equipment . It serves as a bed , changing table , play pen ... Plus , it comes with a tote bag , allowing it to be easily transported from place to place -- a must with today 's lifestyles . It 's sturdy , easily to set up and take down , a must-have for all new parents . And it 's by Graco , a company that can be trusted to make high quality , sturdy , safe items for babies . The Amazon.com price was great too , -- far less than the $ 100 I expected to have to spend for a gift like this -- plus free shipping !!! I recommend this to anyone who 's about to have a baby .
 This works just perfect for the new grandbaby . Easy to take apart and put back together in a hurry . Very easy to move from room to room because it fits through the doorways !
 Good bassinet / pack and play if your baby uses it . My baby would not sleep in the bassinet , she preferred to sleep in bed next to me so we did not use it much . Otherwise , good sized and sturdy , good buy !!
 We have taken our pack n play on two trips with our 2 month old and have been very happy with it so far .
 I bought this for when my grandson when he comes to visit and stay overnight . It was very easy to set up and looks very nice in the room . There are many models and types of the Graco Pack N Play but for my needs and the price well it just ca n't be beat . Grandson slept like a rock it it . No frills but does the job .
 I think for the price this is a great pack n play . The `` mattress '' is my only complaint . It is four board-like pieces that are unattached from each other with foam over them . The problem was it was difficult to lay it completely flat . It kept wanting to buckle at the joints between boards . Once I messed with it I did get it to lay flat , just make sure the sheet you use is big enough or it will cause it to buckle . This is not the sturdiest model pack n play , but for the price it is great . My daughter slept in this while on vacation and she seemed comfortable .
 i received this as a baby shower gift and it 's in my top five of must haves . i love this pack 'n play for not only its portability , but its versatility as well . our home is two stories and it can get very exhausting having to take my baby upstairs for every nap and diaper change . the pack n ' play is nice because i can easily set it up in the downstairs living room or wheel it to the dining area when we 're eating . we also use it as a changing table since it has plenty of surface area for a small stack of diapers and wipes . you do n't have to buy a separate mattress , but i recommend it if you want the added firm back support . looove this product !!
 I am really surprised at what you get for under $ 70 bucks with this pack n play . This is about as complicated and useful as most strollers and made from similar materials but yet its surprisingly quite affordable.I am quite pleased by the ease and simplicity of the set up , I 've never set up a pack n play before and it took me just a few minutes to figure out and set up the yard both ways.I like the snap on bag for the cover and other items ; I am keeping a pack n play sheet , the cover , a waterproof pad and an extra toy or two in it.Other points : The yard is quite heavy when collapsed , I do n't know how relevant that is.The colors are pleasing ; very close to what you see in the image.I am really looking forward to using this at my home and at my parent 's houses .
 I almost spent 200 $ on the bjorn travel ones or the 4moms one ... ridiculous , this one is perfect , just as easy to use , seriously great price !
 This pack and play is perfect for small spaces and very easy to move around . We are currently using it as a bassinet for our baby , and it fits perfectly in our bedroom . We found it to be quite sturdy and good quality . The bassinet pad is very hard , and I bought a bassinet pad from Babies R Us to use in it , and it fits perfectly .
 Love the pattern , the price , and the quality of the product . Is a very sturdy and safe area to put my little one down for a nap considering that it is a portable play yard .
 Purchased this Pack N Play to leave at Great Grandma 's house . No bells & whistles , no bassinet , no changing table but it does have an upper and lower sleep level . Simple and perfect for limited use and a reasonable price . Wheels are a help in moving it around . Construction felt solid .
 I was fortunate that I am the last of my friends to have a baby and have benefitted from their knowledge . Do not waste your money on the large expensive pack n play because all of the stuff they add on to it you ca n't pack it with you , not to mention they charge you an arm and leg for . This pack and play was exactly what I needed packs up easily and quickly , easy to clean , easy to carry-I do n't even use the mobile . Comes fully assembled and ready to go . When my son was younger I used the top feature as a bassinet/changing table we had a `` diaper dude '' diaper bag that clipped to the side of the pack n play that we used as a diaper stacker when we where away from home . Most of the time we use it as my son 's nap area , we set it up in our living room and he naps during the day there . I did buy playard sheets which are perfect for napping . Overall I would n't change a thing on this pack n play . Very satisfied with the price and it 's function .
 This is exactly as I 've come to expect from Graco . It 's a great product , easy to use , and attractive . This shipped quickly , was in perfect condition when it arrived , and will be a great tool for us to use for years to come . Highly recommend this or any other pack and play product from Graco .
 We bought this for our first grandchild and use it at home as well as on the road when we travel . We now have our second grandchild and and we are using it for her . Product has proven to be very useful and durable . Recommend .
 Breaks down pretty small for travel and is easy to move around when it is up . The bassinet portion is nice too . We have out 6 mo old in the bassinet portion when we are in the living room so he has a good place to lay down without going all the way back to the nursery .
 This was cheaper than I found elsewhere and shipped to me in perfect condition with all the parts . Very easy.If you are new to the pack and play concept , then you should definitely get one . I do n't even have kids , just lots of nieces and nephews and I got tired of always setting up their pack and plays in my house . This thing folds together in about 1 minute and is pretty portable . When it 's popped up it 's a great place to put a little one down for a nap or even just to put them for a few minutes to stay out of trouble if you really ca n't keep your eye on them . Super easy and definitely comes in handy .
 Seriously this is a great buy ! it 's very solid my 5 months old baby still sleep in it . I found my 2 year old son standing in the bassinet twice and it did ` nt break . Besides all that it 's beautiful , love the color and the size . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 This was perfect for my son when we traveled to see the family out of state . Now we keep it at home almost as a toy box . lol
 My daughter now has 4 Graco Pack 'N Play for her daycare business . They are well made and can easily be set up or put away.They meet all the standards of safety when her center is inspected .
 I am very pleased , was packed well and shipped very fast . I babysit my granddaughter and this works very well at my house .
 Our granson enjoys his naps when he stays with his PawPaw . He loved the elephants , both on the rail and then chewing them .
 Bought for &#34; Nana 's house &#34; for my new grand daughter ... I would definitely recommend it ! -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ----- --
 It was slightly a pain putting it together , but that was my own fault . I did n't read the instructions correctly . Other than that , she loves it . She is 4m0s . and is starting to move around a lot more . This playard was the perfect solution
 Great buy ! Very easy to set up and move around ! I do n't think its necessary to get the more exoensive ones . Once you 're infant gets heavier you can use the bottom portion of it . Highly recommend this product !
 I love Graco Pack N Play Playard with Bassinet because it is very safty for our childeren when we are work or cook at home
 My 31/2 mos grandson loved the hanging animals . I ordered a mattress pad and that made it a softer experience for him . Once I got the hang of it , the &#34; to go &#34; bag was great !
 The Graco Pack 'N Play On the Go Travel Playard , Go Green is a great deal here on Amazon -LRB- cheaper than any store -RRB- . It is useful because it folds down for easy , compact carrying or storage . This model is particularly nice because it includes a bassinet feature for when the baby is still too young to move around much .
 This was a great buy , for a good price . perfect for what my baby needed and it 's very easy to travel around with it .
 and she loved it ! So since she loved it , so do I. I will recommend this to everyone ... space is limited and it will work great !
 I purchased this playard for my 3 mos . old grand daughter who was traveling to visit me for the weekend . The Graco Playard was erected in minutes by me -LRB- Grandma -RRB- and ready when she arrived . It is very sturdy , mobile friendly , and comfy . I put a padded cozy fitted sheet on it and my grand daughter rested well . Packing up the playard was also in minutes . It 's very compact so it takes up very little room in the car . I am so happy with my selection .
 This was a great buy and I am so happy we purchased it . We keep it in the living room for our grandson so we do not have to go upstairs every time he needs changed or I need to do something . It folds up easily and I love the wheels so I can push it instead of carry it when it needs moved . The only recommendation would be that the topper be able to adjust as my grandson was able to pull himself up on the sides way too soon , so we removed it and just use it as a playpen .
 This is the perfect must have item for grandparents . It covers the needs for overnight , babysitting , etc. . It folds and stores to almost nothing .
 I had long resisted the pack 'n play as one of the many baby things that was not a necessity . I looked at all the choices/features/patterns online at Amazon , and then ended up taking a trip to BRU to see them in person.I actually bought it for when my niece comes to visit , as while we have plenty of beds to go around for visitors , we do n't have an extra crib , and her mom was worried her nighttime tossing and turning.The PnP arrived in a box that was exactly the size of the storage bag -- way more compact than I had imagined . Upon opening the box , I found that the base/mattress folds into fourths , to make a rectangular holder/cover for the rest of the components so that they can be easily stored in the bag -LRB- more about that in a minute -RRB- . Set up was easy
 This crib is easy to put up and take down . It is solidly made . I use it for my grand baby and she is here frequently , so it gets lots of use . Can move it room to room pretty easily , too .
 This has been among the best investments we have made for our baby , my baby will be 7 months old soon and this is still as useful as it was the very first day we bought my son home , we have a crib in his room but we used it as a basinet in the first four months in our room . . and I still keep it for day naps , we never had to keep our son on our bed at night time because I kept the pack n play beside my bed ... now he uses it as a small play yard ... I know this will always be useful as an extra bed . . I would recomend this to a friend
 I purchased the Graco Pack 'N Play with the Bassinet and found it to be exactly what was described . I like the neutral colors and the ease of transport . The padding was actually pretty substantial - more than I expected . I did , however , think that the bassinet 's quality did not merit a $ 13 increase in price from the Pack 'N Play that does not include it . But overall , I am very pleased and would recommend the product . Amazon redeemed themselves this time and shipping was very fast .
 Bought this to keep at my sister 's house so we would n't have to keep lugging ours down.There was no hesitation in getting the same model since we 've been very pleased with our original.PROSSets up in two minutes or lessBreaks down in two minutes or lessSturdy constructionVery easy to pack and unpackFairly lightweightCONSNone!Highly recommended . Look nowhere else .
 This is a nice , basic playard . We keep it at the grandparents . Easy to assemble and packs away into a relatively small size .
 Advice # 1
 I love this pack & play . We wanted to find something to match the Graco Melbourne Swing , the colors of this Match PERFECTLY , just without the pattern , and no infant changer ... So we saved over half the cost with this choice , and it still works and looks great : -RRB- I def recommend this ! : -RRB-
 We were very happy with the pack n play , we needed a crib for our new 3 month old grandaughter who was visiting for a couple of weeks . We do n't have a lot of extra room and the pack n play was just the ticket . We used the bassinet and it worked fine . I 'm hoping to use it as she gets bigger and comes for more visits . The only problem that I had is when you put the sheet on the mattress it makes it bump up where the pad would fold for storage . It was n't a big issue for an infant , but might not be too comfortable for her as she gets a little bigger .
 Folds up and packs compact with little effort . Sturdy construction . The enclosed pad works great too . Not much more I can say .
 I received the Graco pack ` play and it was very easy to set up . It arrived in good condition . I would have rated it 5 stars , except the pad is not properly fitted . It seem there are air pockets and we ca n't flatten it out . However , perhaps when we put it on the bottom of the playard , maybe it will be better . I did n't want the hassle of returning it , as I need to use it now . This is mainly used when grandma is baby sitting the grandchild , at their house .
 Bought this for my parent 's for when we visit . Easy to set-up and take-down . All of the parts can be packed up , which is nice . The colors and design are kid-friendly , but not obnoxious . We have a more complex pack n ' play with hood and changing table for our house -- which I recommend for day to day use ; however , this is great for short trips to the grandparents .
 This item came in fast ! We live in HI so everythings seems get here by snail mail and since everything here is super expensive we knew we had to find something online that was cheaper and no shipping . So when we came across this we were super happy ! It was a perfect price with free shipping ! I love AMAZON.COM ! It was a snap to put together . I 'm seven months pregnant and I did n't need my husband help to do it ! I love how it has two wheels on the bottom to help with easy manuevering and while it 's stationary you know it 's not going anywhere . It comes with a traveling case too ! Which is super convienent ! Since all our family lives back on the mainland . We have n't used it yet since my little booboo is n't here yet but when she does get here it 'll be utilized all the time ! We have a three story house and her nursery along with the masterbedroom is on the top floor and i 'm not walking up two flights of stairs five billion times a day so she 'll stay with me on the first floor in her pack n play until bedtime .
 This is our second pack and play that we have purchased and only because we gave away our old one when we thought that we were done at two kids . :-RRB- We used the first one over and over again with our two kids and when watching our nephew when he was smaller and other niece and nephew when they came into town . No complaints here , easy set up , easy to pack back up and move ; our second child napped in it during the day as a baby , and it made for easy changing too . We are expecting our third in the fall and this was the first must have item that we needed to buy .
 REceived the item quickly and was very pleased with the price as well as the product .
 I have n't use this pac n play yet , my grandson is n't do till May , but I can say it was easy to put together and take down . It 's not lite but , I do n't plan on loading in a car . I was looking for a good price and one that had a bassinet with it .
 Super easy set up . I did n't even have to read the instructions . Very simple , very cute and you just ca n't beat the price .
 After returning a much more expensive product with all of the bells and whistles and a similar product by Evenflo , I did a lot of research on which playard would be best for us . We had no use for the changing tables attached to many of them , and wanted one that would allow us to pack the bassinet into the carry bag for travel . Many of them do not allow you to do this . This one is serving us quite well . It is easy to put up and take down -- much easier than the Evenflo or Baby Trend ones . The bassinet just snaps on the sides and does n't require a lot of metal bars , like others do . There are also buttons on each side to release them for folding , which I find easier than the things you have to push from underneath and ca n't even see . I would only go with Graco . Also , the padding is a bit softer than these other brands . It 's still not really comfortable for our baby , but I just put a blanket between the pad and the sheet , and he seems to sleep fine . This is where I take off a star . I do n't know why manufacturers think that a baby wants to sleep on a piece of cardboard . Overall , I have no complaints , and find this product to be well worth the price .
 Three pack and plays from different companies . This one is by FAR the better one . Bonus
 These Graco Pack N Plays are great . We just bought our 2nd and 3rd ones as grandparents . This newer model is much easier to set up and much easier to take apart with the big release buttons on each of the 4 sides . Do n't tell the younger generation but these are very much like the playpens of years ago ... yes , I know ... playpens are out these days as this generation of parents wants to give their kids freedom to move around and go where they want :--RRB- Back to the product
 I have a really nice and big pack in play but it is very heavy and a pain to break down . You definitely are n't going to be able to travel with it . It 's also a pain to move from floor to floor . This one is very light and about half the size of my big one . This one is tiny which is great if you are using it as a crib for travel -LRB- like I am -RRB- or if you want to move it from floor to floor on a whim -LRB- like I will -RRB- . If you have very little room in your house get this . If you have loads of space in your house and are using it more for a pen then move on , this one is too small .
 My husband and I purchased this PnP to use in our bedroom till our baby is old enough to sleep in his room . I researched alot of different PnP and I found that all the ones that had all the extra accessories like changing table or napper all had issues or complaints . I settled with getting a simpler version and so far Im very happy . It took us less then 10 min to set up the whole thing . Its very sturdy amd really cute . After adding a fitted quilted blanket sheet on it it seems very comfortable .
 I bought this as a secondary pack n play to keep in my car for the days we end up staying longer at Grandma 's than what we planned on . Also this saves me from having to tear down my $ 100 Graco pack n play that my daughter plays in.This is an excellent pack n play without all of the frills -LRB- which personally I never used them on my more expensive one besides the bassinet part . -RRB- My baby sleeps well in it . The bottom does n't seem to be as sturdy as compared to the more expensive one but that really is n't an issue . Does n't seem to bother my daughter!The mat does not have the four corners to lock that mat down as someone else stated but there are two velcro tabs that you push though the material on the bottom that secures the mat so you do n't have the tipping issue.No cons on this pack n play and that is with having a better one to compare it to also !!! The pattern is cute also - good for a girl or a boy !
 This item is easy to assemble/disassemble , useful from infancy to about 2 years old , has nice neutral tones for your decor , and it even fits through most doorways fully assembled . Our two year old grandson now sleeps in a spare toddler bed because he 's too full of spit and fire for this anymore , but it was a godsend when he was younger.I would have given it 5 stars if there were some way to fold down a side . Maybe I 'm old school , but back in the day , playpens had that option - and really , this is just a smaller version of those . The floor is just set so low , and grandma 's back is n't what it used to be ... so putting a sleeping child into it can be an awkward experience.Otherwise , with our second grandchild due this summer and another due this winter , we will be getting plenty of `` play '' out of this product , and happily so . *** UPDATE 8/21/11
 Love this pack 'n play ! My little one is n't quite mobile yet , so I can put him in there with some toys while I 'm working in the kitchen or taking a shower and he 's happy and safe . It 's so easy to transport and set up and take down -- definitely a worthwhile purchase ! The more complicated models are fine for infants , but this one is just perfect for a baby who is getting a little older and just needs it for the occasional nap and for somewhere to play -- it does n't have all of the extras -LRB- i.e. bassinet , changing table -RRB- that can be kind of a pain to carry around and store . The only thing that I 'm still struggling with is that I 'm having a hard time getting rid of that horrible plastic smell that these types of things invariably come with -- but I just make sure that I put a flat sheet on the pad and I 'm hoping the smell will fade in time .
 Bought this for my 3rd baby boy in 2010 . LOVE the size of it , the color , the ease of set up !! I set it up by myself , at 7 months pregnant in under 5 minutes . Its really the perfect size for my living room , and it will be great for when we travel as well . The price was awesome for such a great play crib , especially since it has the bassinet feature ! It 's a bit smaller than your standard pack-and-play , but that 's ok by me because we do n't have a lot of extra room in our living room . I would DEFINITELY recommend this play crib for anyone with a smaller home or apartment.Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Bassinet , Kensly
 '' ~ * no need for that easily outgrown bassinet or expensive crib . I accommodated it with a mattress and mattress topper for the full size after i removed the bassinet . dimensions are 27 x 39 just in case you 'd want to buy a mattress for it * ~
 I purchased this as a second travel cot to have in the US when we visit . It was easy enough to assemble and grandpa was able to do it on his own !! It just seems a little small to me and I do not think that I will be able to use it next year which is a bit of a shame . Also the padding for the ` mattress ' was not very soft so I do not imagine it was as comfortable as it could have been . I think the padded sheet helped a bit but I do n't know that this is one I would use for sleeping for any length of time .
 The Graco pack and play was cheap but is well made and represents excellent value - the mattress needs a bit more padding but that can easily be added.Overall very well made and why pay more ?
 We 're very pleased with this purchase . I was able to get it for $ 60 on amazon , $ 10 cheaper than store , plus with amazon prime got free shipping , which it would cost me $ 10 in gas , at least , to drive to the store to get it so it was a good buy . Easy to put up and take down . A regular size crib wont fit in the room , and a mini one is too expensive , so we use this as her crib , it fits perfectly . The colors and toy bar fit the baby decor , it a giraffe and two green leaves . The lil pad does not sit/stay as flat as it seems it should but I 've found it not to make any difference when baby is laying on it . Also plan on using it as a play pen when baby gets a bit bigger . Next I have to find a fitted sheet to fit it . Granimals playyard fitted sheets dont , fyi : -RRB-
 I purchased this for my 14-month-old grandchild to use as a crib when the family came for a visit . I set it up before they arrived , and it was very easy -- even for someone a little challenged with arthritic hands . When they arrived , my daughter decided she wanted the Pack and Play in another room . It was also very easy to fold up and move . The grandchild slept like a charm in it . The only thing missing was an appropriately sized sheet . I could n't find one anywhere , and my daughter had brought one she had for a different playard . Otherwise , this was great !
 It 's easy to fold and unfold and it 's a nice safe place for baby to play . I like the Noah 's ark motif . It 's cute .
 I bought this to keep at my house for when my grandson visits . I bought an extra 3 &#34; pack n play mattress to go inside which makes it much more comfortable for him when he spend the night .
 i bought it for my son , he 's 4 months now . he LOVES this bed and sleeps there perfectly . me and my wife LOVE this thing because it 's light , easy to move arround and VERY easy to setup and pack!guys , if you are looking for something that will be great for you and your kid , get it!the only disadvantage i got was the smell of plastic ... but i set it up , left it standing there for about a week without my son being there and the smell was gone . in fact , mopping it with a wet soft cloth helped a big deal . have a great one ! : -RRB-
 This item is a life saver ... easily moved from room to room , perfect when used as bassinet/changing table on the first floor of the house . I know I will get lots of use out of this in the future as a play-yard/crib . The price was right !
 This was a great `` crib '' for our four month old grandson who just spent a week with us . The bassinet feature was perfect for him . We had no trouble setting it up , although I have to admit that we have n't figured out how to get all the pieces back into the box that it came in . I was a little worried that he would be uncomfortable on the mattress so I did put a padded liner under the sheet . I 'm not sure that was necessary , but he did sleep great . I was n't impressed with the `` crib mobile '' that came with it but he was , so that 's all that counts .
 I purchased this Pack 'n Play as a gift for my sister . After reading many reviews I decided to go with this model for the value . It was extremely easy to set up and looks great . My sister has commented that this Pack 'n Play is the most used item she has for the baby . Do n't let the lower price of this model sway you . It 's very sturdy .
 I bought this pack 'n play after my daughter had a baby . I wanted her to have some things available at my house when the baby came to stay . It did n't have all of the fancy bells and whistles of the more expensive models but it is great for the money and a perfect fit for my home ! This pack 'n play sets up easily and is very portable . Great value for the money !
 This is a very handy product to have . It has it 's own carry case , which is a great plus . It 's perfect for traveling to grandparents or even hotels .
 So far I love it . It was purchased for use when my grandson comes to visit and he was quickly outgrowing the traditional bassinet . The only thing I did n't like was that the bassinet feature of the Pack 'n Play is only rated up to 17 pounds . Other than that I found the set up and take down to be easy , and since it comes with a carry case , convenient to ` take along ' when necessary . I would suggest to those buying it to also get the quilted sheet for it as well . All in all , it was well worth the money .
 This pack n ' play is great . I like it because it has a nice Noah 's Ark pattern and just the bassinet . I had my son in the bassinet until he was 6 weeks old . He could have stayed in it longer but I bought a different pack n play . The bassinet was very sturdy . If you want a bigger pack n ' play they sell the Graco pack n ' play in bugs quilt . It is a lot bigger , really colorful , and has stuff on the side for the child to play with . It is the best pack n ' play I have found .
 This is an excellent pack and play . We have used it extensively . The diaper changer and diaper storage on it is top notch .
 I chose this Pack 'n Play because it was on sale . I 'm happy with it . It folds up easily and is of good quality . The extras turned out to be not very useful , mainly because my baby was already three months old when I ordered it , and she was already close to the weight limit of 15 lbs for the bassinet . The hanging toys do n't travel well and are a little lame , besides being useless without the bassinet . We plan to have more children , though , so we 'll be able to use the bassinet then . It will still make a great play pen and travel bed .
 I purchased this Graco pack 'n play to have on hand for family members with babies to use on overnight stays here . My new grandson was the first to use it . Worked out very well , and the price is great , especially for a grandma to have on hand.Very easy to set up and store away when not in use .
 Loved this item . Great for the price and is great for sleeping . My son is three months old and too big for his bassinet but too little to go in the crib so this stays next to me in my bed at nite and in the living room for playing during the day ... love it !!!
 Bought pack n play to replace an older model . It is super cute , love the colors and the toy bar , and LOVE that is has wheels so it can easily be moved around . I wish that 2 or 3 sides had the option to be covered instead of see-through mesh ... that way if there are other kids in the room , baby is n't so easily distracted .
 I 've tried a few different portable cribs and Graco is my favorite . It is definitely the easiest to use . The bassinet is great to have for newborns .
 Its a cute pattern . After 2 kids I finally decided to purchase a pack and play . I found myself borrowing my sisters so my baby could sleep in it while away from home . She took such great naps in the borrowed pack and play I gave in and bought my own . Unfortunately the few times I set it up my child has refused the nap so have n't gotten much use out of it . But its well made , cute , and easily sets up and breaks down .
 we have actually used it more at home since it has worked so well for traveling . would recomend to everybody . packs up really small .
 This is your typical playard , the only thing i do n't like about it is it did not come with instructions , i know how to set up the general part but for the canopy part i wasnt sure where to put the poles . and if my baby is going to lay that high i want to make sure everything is set up right . might sound dumb on my part for not knowing but for now i will just put the extra poles and netting away , not a huge loss . but all baby stuff should have instructions . seems to be as good quality as others i have used/had in the past .
 excellent ! 100 % recommended . materials , workmanship and superior design . excellent value for profit . I am very satisfied with the product purchased
 I am almost due with my second child and I did n't want to purchase a bulky crib , which takes up a lot of room and is not very easy to move around . I saw this same item at target for a little over $ 100 dollars . Instead of buying it there , I decided to do some online price comparison . After looking at many sites which were almost the same price as Targets , and on top of that there was an additional charge for shipping , which was not cheap , I was shocked when I saw the same exact same model on Amazon for a little under $ 70.00 plus free shipping . I am very happy with the quality and the price of the item the whole shopping experience . I definitely recommend it !
 This pack-n-play is AWESOME for our son ! NOT only did we use it when he was first born , but we also use it now that he is moving around a lot and crawling as a place for us to put him while we get ready in the morning if one of us is not on the bed with him ! He loves it and so do we ! Thanks !
 A nice product , easy to set up , easy to take down . Works great for our granddaughter . Sheets that fit easily are sometimes hard to find however .
 This is the pack 'n play I keep at my office . It sets up in a snap as well as closes really easy .
 Love this play pen . Easy setup . Love the bed mat which raises higher for new infant so you do not have to bend down so far . Cute little mobile comes with this . Also carry case is so handy for travel We love it !
 This order was placed and with free delivery on 4 of them , I bought 2 more ! I have a home daycare and the camo was loved by all the parents , we have duck decoys and hunt decor throughout the house and they are perfect ! The shipping was free , and the items were delivered before the money even came out of my account ! That is great customer service !! These items are as sturdy as my older ones , I could n't be happier !
 We 've got no complaints with this playpen
 Got this product a year ago and gave to our Son and Wife for there new Baby . It has proven to be very sturdy and well made . At first it was just a place to sleep but now its a play pen also . He loves it and we love it . Likeed enough to by a secound one for when they visit us . Great product .
 I only have one daughter and her family lives in Kentucky , so when they came to visit I had to make sure my grandson had a little place to sleep . This Pack n Play was perfect for him to sleep in while they were here . The price was perfect and the quality is excellent . Very happy with this purchase .
 I bought this Pack N Play for my niece , who just made me a grand-aunt in December . It is the ONLY camoflauge playpen I could find and the price was great so I bought it . It is adorable ! The camoflauge is military-style camo , rather than the outdoorsy type . If you have to have the outdoorsy -LRB- think RealTree -RRB- camo , then this is n't for you . BUt if you 're creative like we are , you can make it work . She is thrilled with it and will get a lot of mileage out of it , once the little critter is mobile .
 Just as described and cheaper then anywhere else !!! My new baby son loves it !! It can be rolled into any room in the house .
 My infant grandson ended up needing to stay full time with my husband and I for nearly 3 weeks , as Mom was very ill . LOVE this pack n ' play ! Good quality
 We looked at several . This is the best Pack 'n Play for the $ 59 we paid . Fast delivery . It does not have all the extras -LRB- like a changing table or outragous mobiles , shade cover -RRB- but we were not interested in paying for stuff we did not want . I appears to be very similar -LRB- if not the same -RRB- as many others , with less buttons and whistles and at a better price .
 True story
 This playard is going to be used for my new grandson as a bassinet and then bed . It is cute and easy to assemble . Ordering from Amazon . com is amazing - I saved money and it arrived in a couple of days . Sooner than promised actually .
 I ordered this product because my daughter was coming to visit with my newest grandson for a month . I bought and used Graco products when she was a baby 22 years ago . I am very happy with the value I received for my $ 67 for the Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Bassinet in Tango in the Tongo . And more importantly my daughter was very pleased as well . She said it 's much nicer than some of the other playyards she and her husband checked out for use in their home .
 My daughter had been hinting to me for a few months that I should get this for Grammie 's house . Once she chipped in , I happily purchased this playard . It was very easy to assemble , and light enough to move from room to room . Since my granddaughter is only 5 months old , we 're still using the bassinet insert . Compared to others I researched , the price is right and it 's a great value !
 This is perfect for my granddaughter coming to vist.It does n't take up a lot of room , it 's sturdy , and I know she is safe and sound.We love it .
 I bought this portable crib for my 3 month old neice for when she comes to visit . It was so easy to set up and I love the toy/mobile bar . I also love the bassinet/changing table feature . Even though the crib is blue , I have bright pink blankets inside and looks just great for a little girl . This is an excellent value for the money and can easily be transported for traveling . Highly recommended !!!
 We needed something for the baby to sleep in on our trip . This was a great deal . You get a playpen for when they get bigger , and a bassinet , all in one . I 'm glad that we got this . It was definitely worth the money . Highly recommend for anybody with a baby and has to travel !!
 Graco Pack 'n Play Portable Playard with Bassinet in Tango in the Tongothis is the 4th pack & play I 've bought this year and truly found it to be the best buy . Cute , well made , great price , blends into any decor because of the neutral color .
 It is beautiful just what I ordered . Was sent on time and arrived without any nick or dings in box . Easy to set up and put away . I like the fact that it folds up into a small bag . It wo n't take up much room .
 I love this pack and play . My twins play under the arch and love it . My only regret is that we thought it was for older babies and waited until they were 6 months to put it together . Two of them barely fit in it side by side , and I think after another month , we 'll take the bassinet down . I wish that we had put it together sooner . I can see it working out really well as a bed to put in the parents room during nights when the babies are particularly fussy or need extra attention or feedings -LRB- our babies sleep through the night since 3 months so do n't need to be in our room -RRB- . Easy to assemble . Anyhow , highly recommend !
 This product is awesome . It was a great price , easy to setup when in use and store away when not in use .
 We 're traveling and needed a new temporary crib . In terms of value for money this is amazing . It 's not that light so I would n't go walking around with it , but if you 're going on a car trip for a few days or more it takes up the size of a small suitcase and once you get the hang of it is very easy to fold and unfold . Overall I was really impressed by the product , the baby is comfortable inside and the basinet is a really useful option for those with baby 's who are n't climbing yet . Quality is great and you can tell the manufacturer did n't skip out in safety and durability .
 We bought this a few weeks ago and it has worked great for travelling to see grandparents . The whole thing folds and transports in one bag . Setup and takedown is super fast and easy . Our little guy is 9 weeks now and he likes laying on his back in the bassinet and looking around . Some reviewers say the bassinet is not firm enough - I disagree ; our son seems to like the softer surface . For the price , this is definitely a great buy !
 We purchased the pack n plays for a church nursery . They are quick to set up , cute and the two different levels allow us to use them in both crib and crawler .
 This Bassinet was perfect for my 6 month old grand child . Light weight , portable , and well constructed . It is easily opened or closed and can be used as a bed or a play pen or a daytime sleeper . The price was very good and well worth the money . I suggest that you buy the mattress and sheet as well , because they are made for this Bassinet and fit perfectly together . It comes with extras like a storage bag and bed mattress support bars . Buy it . Get it . Loved it .
 My son loves it and we can move it around easy . It was simple to setup and despite what people say it is strong .
 Good product . this is our second one . Use them when the grand children come . Just note that they are a little heavy if you are going to lug them around alot .
 Not only is this product so easy to fold , move , pack up , clean , etc , but we got so much use out of the bassinet feature in the early months . Now that we have a toddler , it is a life-saver when I need to set him down to unload groceries , etc. . We just get our money 's worth out of it again and again .
 My husband and I * love * the portability of this thing ! We got our daughter used to napping in it , and now she can stay the night at grandma 's or we can stay late at a friend 's house while she sleeps in a back room.The bassinet is AWESOME ! Our daughter was in it till probably 4mo . I was wary of the stability at first , but never had any reason to justify it . The bar over the top is great to hang toys from , and not just the included ones . A few colored plastic links let you attach nearly anything for them to look at and play with.Totally recommend this to anyone !
 My daughter is now 2 years old and still sleeps comfortably in this pack n go when we 're at our vacation home . As a newborn she would sleep soundly in the bassinet , as well . The mesh sides mean that is is very breathable , and no throwing the pacifier out of the crib with those mesh walls ! The mobile is pretty useless and flimsy . The colors are nice and you can get some cute fitted sheets that go with it.If you 're looking for something smaller and more mobile , try a KidCo PeaPod . It 's like a little dome tent that you set up on a bed or floor . We wanted something for our camper for our daughter when she was about a year old and it works great !
 I bought this PNP seeing that it was a cheap price but good brand of product . It came pretty quick and it was easy to assemble and pack away but like what others have said before it has a very different odor of sorts . We kept it up all night to get it to air out and it kinda did but yeah the only complaint is the smell of it .
 I really like it . My only regret , that I did not get one for our first son . We use it as a portable bed all the time . I believe that the basic model is all you need .
 Currently using the bassinet feature and it is comfortable for my grandson and he loves the hanging moon and stars .
 I purchased a Graco Pack N Play back in 2006 with all the bells and whistles . I ended up selling it after my second child due to moving states and the fact we did n't use it often . It was GREAT for my first two children for the newborn stage , sure beats anything smaller that they may grow out of in length before weight -LRB- I have little babeis -RRB- ! This time I picked up this EXACT pack N play for a cheap cost -LRB- the monkey print -RRB- . I never used the changing table or the music that came with the first Pack N Play I owned , so I knew this one would be more than reasonable for our third child due in January!The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the quality is n't that of which my first one had . The top basinett was a bit more sturdy and the bottom as well . After setting it up today I realized it dips a little on both levels . Still I know this will work more than perfectly and feel silly for ever purchasing anything more expensive in the past !
 Good simple play pen . The base is a bit weak , so when baby is standing up , the base crumples a bit through the bars that hold it open , but it works well enough . I would have been upset if I 'd spent more than $ 60 on it though .
 I just purchased the Graco Pack n Play w/Bassinet yesterday based on the reviews here and I must say that I am quite pleased with the product . It appears to be sturdy , it is a nice size and was an absolute breeze to set up -LRB- super-duper easy -RRB- . I did notice like a few other reviewers that the bassinet board is somewhat hard -LRB- i added an extra thick blanket to make it a bit more plush -RRB- and I noticed that the bassinet board does concave slightly in the middle so I 'm sure that buyers will need to adhere to weight restrictions of 15lbs -LRB- the playard itself has a weight limit of 35lbs -RRB- . This is also extremely easy to fold up and is quite compact which will make it useful when traveling . Can easily fit into a standard size trunk or in the back seat of a small car.Very nice AND useful product ! Way to go , Graco !
 Love it . We used this in our room as a `` bassinet '' because we figured , someday , we 'd need this when we traveled . It 's lightweight , easy to put together , and sturdy . We love it so much we bought one on Amazon and sent it to my parent 's house , since we will be visiting often . It 's cheaper than bringing this one and checking it in multiple times - that $ 25 checked bag fee is spendy !
 This was a perfect choice for my needs . I needed a easily set-up , compact bed for my 3-month-old grand-daughter . After her visit , I sent it home with my daughter . Since she lives in a one bedroom apartment , she uses it in the living room -LRB- where it does n't take up a lot of room -RRB- .
 The Play yard is too much better than I was expecting . And thr price much better . Incluse , much better than local stores .
 This was THE BEST purchase I 've made so far for my Son ! He just turned 3 months old and was quickly outgrowing his little bassinet , so we got this play yard for home and to travel . He is n't sitting up just yet , but is kicking and wriggling around enough that he needs more space but still needs to be contained ... We got this playyard and it literally took me 4 mins to set it up on my own ! It is FANTASTIC !!! My Son is nearly impossible to get to sleep , but with the bassinet portion of the playyard , he ca n't resist ! Within 5 mins of laying him down he 's out like a light!So the up side is that its sturdy , incredibly easy to put together and take down on your own and the perfect size for play or naps , the downside is that you definitely need to pad the `` floor '' of the playyard/bassinet -LRB- either with an additional playyard pad , or I used an extra crib comforter that I had that fits perfectly -RRB- because you can feel the hard board and the wrinkles of the lining , the other small issue is that its about 1/4 '' too big to fit through my standard door frame !!! I 'd made the whole thing up in 1 room and using the wheels started to wheel it to another room when I got stuck in the door frame and could not maneuver through it without having to take it apart and rebuild it in the next room . Mind you its just as easy to take down as put up so it was n't a big deal ... All in all this is a GREAT PURCHASE !!! Sturdy , cute , portable and irresistible to my Son -LRB- and his parents -RRB- ! Worth EVERY PENNY and we ca n't live without it !
 `` You only need a basic pack n play . The ones with the changers/bassin ` ets are kinda silly for the money you spend on them . You end up changing the baby on a bed while away , and this has the infant insert , so the bassinet is totally unnecessary . This has an infant insert so baby is up higher when little . not a bassinet , but something you hang over ledges so that you can put mattress up higher for infants - this is an important quality . THe Bjorn is way too low and impractacle though easier on the eyes . You may want to get a thicker mattress though to keep in places where you may stay a while/not traveling .
 No bells and whistles , just a place for the baby to sleep before moving into his own room . Also , it is sturdy yet light and easier to assemble and move .
 Good quality , easy to set up . Only negative -- the net support for the bassinet makes the mattress sink toward the center . Chose to not use the bassinet part of the crib . But the rest is GREAT !
 we use this for the nursery in our new church plant . it 's easy to assemble and disassemble , which is great since we have to do that every week . it 's also a fantastic combo with the bassinet - it doubles as a changing table for us .
 This product is great . It was easy to set up . The colors are gender neutral -LRB- which I love -RRB- and folds nicely back up for easy travel . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 The Pasadena is grey in color just like the picture . Assembly is a snap ! Very happy with it.My child is 18lbs now and seems fine in the bassinet part . He sleeps in this at night since it 's easier to get him in and out compared to the crib . If the bed padding seems to sag a little , just put a stiff cardboard underneath .
 This is perfect for when I stay at my mom 's place . It is very easy to assemble and not difficult to pack up and store away . My one month old sleeps soundly inside and I love having easy access to the baby . The height is perfect for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- and it 's not difficult to lay my little one down or pick her up from the bassinet . The only feature I 'm not a fan of is the toy bar with the hanging stars , it just seems superfluous . I have n't traveled with it , but I would imagine it takes up a good amount of space in a trunk .
 I got this for when we travel and for my daycare kiddo . It 's worked great for us , easy to set up and take down , great neutral colors for a boy or girl . I like that it has the bassinet attachment so that when w have another baby I can use it as the bassinet in my room the first few weeks . It 's basic , but since we have a crib we did n't need all the bells and whistles . We 'd recommend it !
 it 's easy to assemble , nice and roomy , colors are just gooorgeous -LRB- light blue with dark brown -RRB- and I really do love how sturdy it is . I just wish it comes with 1 sheet included but that 's not an issue just a little wish . I am sure market has plenty of sheets to offer . And I love your price I got it for . way to go : -RRB- one little reminder :-RRB- just as I read in other review , make sure you put it together in the designated room unless your room door can open 180 degrees . I was lucky our door could otherwise I would have to fold it back and then reassemble : -RRB-
 Got the Graco Pack N Play for my new grand-daughter 's visits . It is a terrific product and I recommend it highly . Easy to open and close and totally convenient to use .
 My husband read reviews on all play yards and decided on this one . It works like a charm ! We actually use this play yard as our newborn son 's crib since our furniture is in storage until we move into our new house . The bassinet insert works great and is very sturdy . We purchased crib sheets for this play yard and now everything feels more cozy and soft . I love the little mobile that comes with the play yard , even though I think the shapes are a bit lame . I rectified this by adding some of my own little items to the mobile which is what my son looks at , not the shapes that came with .
 Easy to set up and convenient to store when not needed . Looking forward to using it when the grandchildren come to visit .
 product is high quality , great price . the pad feels nice and is thick , feels stable . much better bang for your buck than cosco -LRB- which is cheaper -RRB- .
 This is a basic pack and play but I found it easy to set up and take down , and very efficient !
 We needed a Pack 'n Play for travel purposes , but I did n't want to spend a lot of money - we did n't feel like all the `` frills '' with the other ones were really necessary . I wanted the bassinet , though , so this one was the perfect option . I love it - it 's easy to pack up and take with us anywhere , easy to put together , and I love the bassinet . It 's super cute , too , which is a bonus . Some people complained about the pink - it 's really more of a pinkish-orange , and I do n't think it 's overly girly , but it 's not a problem for us either way since we have a girl . : -RRB-
 We have the bigger pack 'n play for our daily use while we cook , etc. in the kitchen -LRB- love that one ! With the bugs , etc. graphics -RRB- . This pack n play is perfect for storing in the back of the car and for on the go . We love it !
 I got this when my daughter was 5 months while we were on vacation and it was awesome ! It is simple and each so put together , so it was just what I wanted while we were away from home from a little while .
 Just received our Graco playard yesterday -LRB- I am an overseas buyer -RRB- . I saw the same items here in our country but it is absurdly charged -LRB- 3x its usual price -RRB- . Here are my reasons for buying it :1 -RRB- Price - I think it 's rightly priced , I can even say I got more than I paid for .2 -RRB- Quality - Looks durable , everything seems perfectly sewn or formed .3 -RRB- Safety - Every possible warning is in the manual . Only a very stupid person would make mistakes assembling it or misusing it.Grace is a really trusted name on playards . I always make sure to buy items with a trusted name . My husband and I are proud owners of this item .
 The go green play yard is awesome . I dont have a little one yet , but am `` nesting '' in preparation . I just set it up last night . I struggled to set it up at first because I skimmed the directions thinking it was simple . Well it was simple , but you have to read the directions fully . I 've never set up these new play yards before , they are probably all set up similarly . I just did n't realize the bottom has to be halfway up before the sides would lock . Once I figured that out setup and take down was super easy . The colors are awesome and match my color theme -LRB- willow organic and zurich -RRB- . The quality seems very nice -LRB- duh it 's a graco -RRB- . I ca n't find anything I dont like . It is a little heavy but if you want it to be sturdy it 's gon na have some heft ! Very happy with this purchase -LRB- paid under $ 61 ! -RRB- and would recommend to anyone . I may add a mobile or something with sounds , but this beats what I was going to spend on one of those loaded models with all the gadgets . Very happy ! Love graco and amazon .
 This is easiest pack and play ever . It dos n't have all the bells and wistles but it you are just using it for travel or for a playpen it is great ! We keep it up in our bedroom so that our son can play while we shower or run to another room!We had another pack and play with the attached changing table and diaper area but it was so complicated to set up you had to fight with it and once you got it set up it was huge and took up the whole room.I did not give this product 5 stars b/c my son was over 15 lbs when we got it so I never used the bassinet attachment so I can not comment on its performance .
 Les comento que soy paraguayo y por intermedio de una casilla de correos lo recib&iacute; sin ning&uacute;n inconveniente y en r&eacute;cord , el producto de muy buena calidad y satisfecho con la compra ... altamente recomendado !!!
 I bought this for my new grandbaby that 's due in January , so I have n't used it yet , but i recieved it in great time and as promised , thank You denice Morehead
 I have n't had my baby yet , but I already know that I will love the pack n play ! My friends all rave about theirs ... Shipping was fast , easy assembly . I purchased this one for grandma 's house , so the baby would have an easy , portable , safe place to sleep as an infant and play as he gets older . Very convenient for grandma 's house , as the pack n play is so fast to put together , easy to collapse , and does n't take much space to store .
 Graco is a name that we trust . I liked the fact that it is multi purposed , and expect it to last a long time .4 stars only because have n't use it yet . birth is still 3 weeks away .
 Graco Pack 'n Play Portable Playard with Bassinet in Tango in the TongoThis Pack 'N Play is very handy for use with my grandchildren . Though the ends are not as high as other Pack 'N Plays that I have seen , it still securely and comfortably provides a sleeping & playing area for the baby.I bought 2 of these as I have twin grandbabies . In the future , if more grandchildren arrive , I hope to use the bassinet section .
 we purchased this graco pack & play portable playard for our 1 yr old granddaughter ... ordering was easy ... and it arrived in plenty of time for the party ... good product . good customer service.thanks !
 I love my pack n play . It was easy to set up . It is light weight and easily moved around to accomodate the opportunities that I get to babysit my first granddaughter . I look forward to at least a year of use , maybe more . Who knows , I could have the opportunity to host another new grandchild a little later on . All is good .
 We purchased this crib/play yard combo for our first grand child 's visits to our house . It is portable and stores in it 's own bag yet sturdy when assembled which is all so easy ! We were both surprised at how quickly it arrived and pleased with the cost . We love it !
 This is a great product . It was super easy to set up , and one of the least expensive Graco pack 'n plays I could find . Definitely a great buy !
 This is a great value . I have tried other pack and plays and have n't found their padding to be any better than what this one has . I just use a quilted sheet to add a little more padding . It sets up easily and my son sleeps it in just fine . I did n't use the bassinet .
 The Graco pack n play is a wonderful item to help outfit a grandparent 's home for infant overnight visitors . It 's easy to use and folds compactly for storage .
 This was a great price for a great product , add in free shipping and I 'm glad I did n't drive to a store and waste my time ! It is easy to put up and take down -LRB- as long as you follow directions -RRB- . The bassinet feature has really been the best part so far . I have n't set up the hanging toys yet . We 've traveled with this and also used it as a regular bed to get her used to something bigger -LRB- in between her little bassinet and the crib -RRB- . It does n't come with a sheet ... make sure to order one if you plan to use it for sleeping or naps .
 This is the 2nd pack and play we have purchased by Graco and we love them both . This one is super cute and works well for a boy or a girl . Put away and set up is very easy , have had no problems with this product at all , would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a pack and play , and the price is great too !!!
 This crib is exactly what I needed as an extra crib and play yard to keep at Grandma 's house . It sets up fast and fold up easy to keep in the closet when we 're not visiting . Very cute colors and pattern . My only complaint would be that the mobile is pretty cheap , but that 's not what I bought the item for , so I really do n't even use it .
 I received the CozyMe as a baby shower gift.Our three year old likes to sleep with it.It was great and all until I realized I could not wash the pillow.So this product is great for a cover.Plus , the Ivory color covers the red Hawaiian flower design I was not too fond of.Maybe the company purposely does this so that we spend extra money for the washable covers .
 i love it ! the only thing that prevented me from giving a 5 star rating was that i ordered it in the vintage paisly -LRB- spelled wrong sorry -RRB- and i recieved it in a light blue .
 I love this carrier ! I wish I could find the manufacturer , or find another place to purchase them , because I 'd definitely purchase one for a friend . I like the ease of putting it on -LRB- just two clicks -RRB- and the head support is great . It has backpack-like pockets , too . I have carried my baby and a diaper , map , snacks , wallet and keys around the zoo in this carrier ! It is significantly less expensive than other carriers of this type . I believe the craftsmanship to be very good . The safety latch on the waist belt seems to be very strong .
 I WOULD NOT USE IT FOR NEWBORNS ! I was so afraid to use it with my then newborn-their necks bend forward and it could prohibit breathing . Follow the instructions and wait until they are 4 months or so to really use it confidently.On a positive note - the fabric is gorgeous and the product is so sturdy and well made . I am hoping my son will love it as much as i do so far . If you want more information on the product , check youtube for the videos on how to use it .
 Best sling we bought ! -LRB- and we bought three ! -RRB- I love this pattern , too ! So pretty , but my husband would also wear it ! ; -RRB-
 My niece is going to have her first baby soon and this sling is in our family tradition so I was extremely happy to find it online .
 well made , great quality ! Easy to use also . I would recomend this to anyone who wants something smaller to store than a stroller
 I do n't have enough good things to say about this sling . My daughter would be considered high-needs , from the moment she was born she refused to be put down . Even if she was asleep she would wake right up and would cry until someone picked her back up . It was getting really difficult to get anything done !! I got this sling when she was about 4 weeks old , she is now almost 4 months and I still consider it one of my very best purchases !!! We use it daily and she just loves being in it . At home I use it so I can get chores done around the house . When we 're out , she hates being in a stroller or carrier , but is happy as a clam if she 's carried around . When running errands I put this on her and she 's content looking around and usually falls asleep shortly after . The instructions did n't really help me much but we just practiced and found a couple holds that are comfortable for both of us . We mainly use it in a similar style to the bjorn or ergo where she 's upright facing me , but the sling supports her bottom and head and still gives her some freedom of movement so she can look around as she 's very inquisitive . Oh and the pattern is gorgeous , I 've had many people stop me and admire it !! I highly recommend this if you 're looking for a ring sling !!!
 It 's at a great price compared to others similar . It 's easy to use once you get the hang of it . I recommend this for older babies that already have head control even though it says you can for infants . The instructions it comes with are crude but it 's a basic design that 's easy to figure out . I started using it when my baby was round 6 months and it was comfy and easy to use for quick trips to the store or a stroll around the park . He started walking at 10 months so I do n't really use it anymore but it 's still in good conditions so I think my new nephew will inherit it ;-RRB- It gets tiresome after more then an hour or two but I imagine most would . The designs are nice and the material is good.I found myself still semi carrying him and him clinging onto me but I did feel he was safe and comfy.All in all , I definitely recommend this product and would buy it again . Babies love being close to their mommies so this encourages bonding : -RRB-
 This is the best baby carrier I have tried and I 've tried a front carrier , moby wrap , and pocket sling . I love the infinite adjustablity of he ring sling . My LO is quite the squirmer , so it is great to get her in place before cinching it down . The padded rails are great , and it really is light on the shoulder ! Carrying my 20lb baby in my arms cramps up my bicep in a pair of minutes , but i barely feel her weight in this . It is a wonderful sling and so affordable ! I would not only recommend this to all of my friends , but it for my friends if I could !
 I bought a `` Lite On Shoulder '' Pouch/Rigs Hybrid Sling , the green batik pattern and loved it ! My friends had expensive $ 100 ring slings and I loved mine so much . It was so comfortable for me and my daughter . I unfortunately misplaced it between babies and had to buy another one . I bought the same kind but in the wine batik pattern . I think I love it even more ! So happy with the product and the price . Also , it arrived within a week . Thank you !!
 I bought this sling quite a while ago for use with my then younger baby . I still use it with my 14-month old . I love it . It 's great for quick trips or traveling . The only thing I would n't recommend it for is for extended use . That 's just a personal preference though . I like my baby 's weight to be spread more evenly over both shoulders -LRB- by using a wrap -RRB- if I 'm going to be carrying her for more than an hour . However , if you like ring slings , or are looking for a good quality and super cute ring sling for your first one , this is a good choice . I 've washed mine many times and there 's not so much as a string coming loose anywhere I can see . The fabric has n't even faded .
 I bought this sling after my second child and I love it . The fabric is beautiful and I always get compliments on it . More importantly it is easy to use and comfortable . I used it most for when my babies were very little , but it 's nice for carrying toddlers on your hip too .
 This thing is GREAT . Better than the Snugli or other items similar to that . In the sling , the baby 's entire body , not just the trunk , is cradled against you , sort of like in the womb . It actually looks uncomfortable for the baby , but mine sleeps quite soundly in it.Not only is it comfortable for both you and baby , there 's enough material to provide a covering for nursing , unlike the snugli types.It also provides mom with hands-free mobility.And it 's SO SO SO much better than lugging around a two-ton car seat ! The baby is quite secure without additional support of any kind . It does take some getting used to . It took a while to figure out the right position for both carrying and nursing . So if you buy one , do n't be discouraged if you ca n't figure it out right away . You 'll love this thing !
 Super convenient for a NYC mom . I live on the 3rd floor and making a quick run to the corner store is so much easier with this sling . Wish they had different color options because my husband wants to use it but does n't . GREAT TO USE ON FLIGHTS !!!!!
 A friend of mine gave me this sling in the pattern `` Fern -LRB- Batik -RRB- '' and I used it right away . My baby loved it . I decided to purchase a second one in `` Indigo '' so that I can accessorize . It is so affordable compared to similar slings , but you are really getting a product of great quality . I feel confident putting my little one in it because the rings hold the fabric in place without slipping . This sling is as beautiful as it is functional . The shoulder padding is also really comfortable . The one drawback is that the instruction booklet is less than clear on how to properly do the cradle hold , and there is n't a decent picture of it , but the sling itself is wonderful . I ended up looking on youtube for videos on how to use a ring sling and never looked back .
 The sling arrived quickly , and I was pleased with the quality of the fabric . The instructions that came with the sling were not great , so I went to You Tube and found many videos about sling wearing . Watching a few videos gave me more confidence in the use of the sling and ensuring the safety and comfort of my baby.We have been using this sling for about two months and baby and I are very pleased . My baby is clingy and likes to be carried , so she really enjoys being in the sling . It makes doing tasks and shopping much easier while she is content and both my hands are free . It is much more comfortable than my Baby Bjorn -LRB- which I still use -RRB- , but it is not as quick to get her into . It does take practice to use the sling , but once I used it a few times I felt much more confident about it and I find I am using it more often because it is comfortable and baby loves being able to look around and also to look at me and cuddle with her head on my shoulder.I would recommend this sling , the price is great and it is just as nice as many of the more expensive slings I looked at in some fancy baby boutiques in my area .
 I love this product dont know what i would do with out it ! it arrived quickly and was well worth the money !
 Best investment for a new mom & dad - this sling was made very well - thick material & strongly constructed . My husband & i have both carried our daughter in it - I would put my daughter in it when I did my grocery shopping - sooo . Much better than lugging a heavy infant car seat ! My daughter would fall right to sleep when I would put her in this sling - we also used for several months . -LRB- one month - eight months old -RRB- . Worth the money .
 I started using this sling when my newborn was 6 weeks old . She 's about 10 weeks old now . I use the sling tummy-to-tummy when I walk around the house or when I walk outside and she falls asleep in it . It 's very comfortable for my shoulders and for her little legs b/c of the lightly padded rails . I 'm not very tall -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' , 125 lbs -RRB- so when I adjust the sling to fit me , the tail end of the sling hangs to an awkwardly low length . I just fold the tail in half and tuck the end back into the buckle/rings . I have n't used the sling in other positions , so I ca n't comment on that . I live in the southeastern part of Texas and it gets too hot to use it outdoors all the time in the summer , but I 'm excited to use it when she can hold her neck up on her own and when it gets cooler . I do n't like the idea of having to tote a car seat carrier or stroller everywhere I go . I also bought one of those Baby Bjorn carriers that strap on like a backpack , but it was definitely way too hot for 7-9 months out of the year for Texas . And it looked so bulky on my husband -LRB- 6 ' , 180 lbs -RRB- .
 I have two of these and use it almost daily for the last 8 months . LOVE LOVE LOVE it . My son has been in it since 3 months laying down inside being able to nurse and sleep . I was able to get it off easily when he fell asleep to lay him down . Hes a big baby and it has been easy to adjust and get him in and out without fuss . I went for a walk in the woods with him and my 2yr old girl and she got tired . I held him and put her in sling draped on my back . It was so fun and awesome that I could do that and walked half a mile or so with ease !!! This is great . I owned the sleepy wrap and my daughter love it but once asleep I could not get her out or myself for that matter . This is awesome ! I get alot of compliments and the kids love the crazy print !!!
 I really like the way this sling fits , very comfortable . It is hard to adjust or tighten when baby is in the sling , but this is the only drawback I have found . Worth every penny .
 I love this sling . Comfortable , and I love that it 's adjustable . Easy to use and put baby in and out . Comfy on my shoulder , too . I use a different carrier for long periods , but I like this one a lot for quick trips and for around the house . Super cute print , too .
 I love this sling . It is lightweight , not hot and sweaty and holds the baby in safely without adding pressure on my shoulder and back . My daughter is 4 months old and has grown out of her other sling so we bought this one . We love it ! : -RRB-
 This product is so much easier to use than the `` typical '' baby carrier . I love this product and it helps my little one to fall asleep as I walk the church halls with him . I highly recommend it .
 I had another sling with my son and decided to try this one with my daughter . I was amazed at how light this one is compared to my old sling - it does n't hurt my shoulder or back at all . I do like the light padding of the pouch . Unlike the other reviewer , I have no problem tightening it as much as I need - I just pull the padded part through the ring and it allows me to tighten as much as I like . My daughter loves to sit in the sling and it allows me to get things done and hold her at the same time.My only gripe , and its a minor one , is that the color is not what I expected . In the pictures it appears to have a purple tint to it , however , the sling is more brown than anything.Overall , a really nice ring sling that I would recommend to anyone .
 I was so pleased when I received this in the mail . It is really attractive and easy to use . My 6 week old son likes it and it is easy to breastfeed in it . I bought a Moby wrap and it was too much of a pain to wear for any short period of time . I will be buying another Lite on Shoulder sling soon so that I have an extra !
 I purchased this ring sling for my 5 and a half months old son before going to Florida for a week . I 'm breastfeeding and I thought it would be great for feeding him anywhere when needed , but I guess he was not very comfortable , he 's pretty tall for his age and maybe I should have bought it when he was a newborn . It takes a while to adjust but once you 're comfortable enough , it 's really nice . I also have a baby front carrier , baby bjorn , but I like the sling better , he 's really close to me , the fabric is nice and is not too warm especially for Florida . We did n't use a stroller for a week , I was using the sling and he was falling asleep in it , I breastfed him on the plane . I have one regret it 's for the length of the tail , not long enough for privacy . I washed it after our trip in a laundry bag to protect from the ring , came out great , ironed it and it 's ready to use . I 'll recommend it to every new mom , but my advice is to not wait too long before getting one , the sooner the better so you and baby can get used to it .
 I know a couple of moms who use this baby sling and they seem to like it a lot ! They say it works well , especially in cold weather , keeping the baby warm and content .
 I love the material and the colors ! I ca n't compare it with other ring slings , since this is my first one , but I really like this one . I ordered the Sailing print , which is an open tail . The open tail works great for breastfeeding or shielding baby from the sun . My son is now 13 months and around 20 pounds , and his favorite position is the hip position . I use this sling to go to post office or doctors , when I need my hands free . I like the fact that it has padded shoulder area and one side where baby sits . It can be adjusted , so my husband can wear it too . It washes just fine on a cold cycle . The rings look very sturdy and safe .
 It 's reasonably priced and very useful . My baby who needs to be carried constantly can fall asleep easily in this sling , and it made feeding and nursing very easy . I like the Chateau print design that I picked as well . The only thing is that it still put some pressure on my spine/back , but maybe because I have existing back pain from carrying my baby too much . I am not able to use it for too long . I also bought a Beco Gemini front and back carrier for outdoor or long-time use . The Beco is more comfortable for longer usage -LRB- truly hands free -RRB- , but the Lite-on-Shoulder sling provides an easier way to nurse and bottle feeding .
 I got this for my grandson because the arms are just not what they used to be . I can carry him for quite a while and I do n't have to worry that my arms will give out . He enjoys being with me while I do things around the house . I had one with his sister and they are just so handy . With both of them , when they saw me coming towards them with it , their little faces would light up because they knew they were be close to Granny !
 We were n't expecting too much from this sling &#8211; we ordered it because it was the only one we could get shipped quickly enough ... but despite our low expectations , we continue to be very happy with it . In fact , our daughter likes this sling more than a more expensive one we bought from a seller on Etsy.The padded edges help keep her in the sling securely and the extra length makes it so that anyone in the family can wear it comfortably.The one negative is that the rings seem to be smaller than most of the other slings we 've seen and that seems to cause the weight to not spread as comfortably &#8211; but so far , it 's not a serious issue .
 i love it ! the only thing that prevented me from giving a 5 star rating was that i ordered it in the vintage paisly -LRB- spelled wrong sorry -RRB- and i recieved it in a light blue .
 I am absolutely and completely satisfied with this product . It is well made and easy to use . It took me a few times to get used to puting it on correctly , I always seemed to be doing it backwards but that was a very easy fix . My baby of 2 mos fits right in the pocket and gets comfy . This is a great way to get them to sleep if they are fussy . She even likes it when I sit her up and have her cradled in my arm -LRB- like she is sitting on my hip exept I still have to support her head and her legs are inside the sling -RRB- so she can see everything . It adjusts easily and the winter jasmine pattern on the fabric is very pretty and goes well with most ony color . I got my sling very quickly too .
 I love this item . Took a little to get to understand how to use it best . Son is three weeks old and having some colic . He wants held all the time and this is great.My back and arms are greatful . Shoulder padding is perfect . This could not have come fast enough . It is easy to adjust . I breastfeed him in the sling and it worked well too . A +
 my baby boy is 7 mos old and we use this when we 're out at the grocery store . he 's usually on my hip or we do the front carry . although he feels pretty secure , i still feel the need to cradle his behind with my arm . he seems to like this sling . great for his age and weight -LRB- 20 lbs -RRB- . i 'll be traveling with him , which is why i chose to purchase this sling . the moby , wrapsody , and infantino carries we have are just too cumbersome . the lite-on-shoulder is perfect for travel i think.if i had known there were other designs , i probably would 've chosen something with less print though .
 I purchased this baby sling because of its adjustable strap . I put my son in the pouch when he was a week old . We both loved it from the start . He is 13 months old and we still use it regularly . Now , he can ride on my hip and both my hands are free . This is a versatile and comfortable sling for mom and baby . The lightweight material is great for any weather . I highly recommend this sling .
 It took a little bit of practice to get the hang of setting my son in his sling , but once he is in there its great !! I wear it out when I go shopping and have even been able to nurse him while shopping without anyone being able to tell ! If its on my shoulder right it really is lite . . again it just took a bit of patience and practice . I would recommend this to any new mommy who wants to have her baby close or who has a needy baby who just wants to be held . It really allows a lot of freedom . I even use it when sitting down to keep my hands free . Its been the best thing for my son and I !
 I am tremendously grateful with this sling , it 's easy to use , it is not expensive , it is comfortable and my baby love it . Really the best by far .
 When reviewing slings , I balked at the idea of paying sixty dollars for a name brand scrap of fabric , so I went with this less expensive version.Pros : * I LOVE the privacy it offers as a nursing mom . * Went to the zoo in Phoenix , AZ and was the only mom who could shield her baby from the dusty wind that prevailed that day . * Adjustable strap for all the different shapes I morphed into post-baby . * Great colors . * Padded Shoulder is nice now that my baby is 17 + pounds . * SO easy to pack on any trip and keep in the car for those unexpected errands.Cons : * Now that my baby is bigger , he needs support from one hand while in the sling . * Hard to adjust now that baby is bigger . * Can only be worn one way with the pad located where it is.Overall , I really liked this product , but I will say that it is much better suited to a younger or smaller infant . It is lightweight , breathable , adjustable and has a padded shoulder , so if you are debating getting this over any other more expensive or trendy wraps , GET IT !
 Weve tried the Bj&ouml;rn -LRB- hurts -RRB- , the wraps -LRB- too complicated -RRB- , and the Boba carrier -LRB- too many straps -RRB- . I wanted something comfortable I could just slip on and go . Enter the ring sling.I 'm really starting to enjoy this sling . My first couple of attempts were an exercise in frustration -- goo was screaming , I was aggravated , and threw the thing across the room thinking I 'd have to send it back . After watching a few YouTube videos , though -LRB- do n't bother with the silly little brochure the sling comes with , it 's practically unreadable -RRB- , I felt more confident , and now we look forward to our evening walks around the neighborhood . Everyone who sees it compliments us on it . I picked out the handle at the end of the tail and hemmed a straight edge so I could use the tail to cover up , and aside from being more functional . I think it 's prettier that way . The pictures do n't make this obvious , but the fabric is one-sided ; this is a single-layer sling . That 's okay for us because it 's cooler , but it 's definitely not reversible , if that matters to you . The rings feel plenty sturdy to me -- no reservations there . I dinged this sling a star for the crappy instructions , the `` handle , '' which made the tail fabric lay all weird and was n't functional -LRB- most of the time you 're going to pull the rails separately , anyway -RRB- , and the overall homemade-ness of the product . But it 's still a great sling at a great price . If you 're interested in trying a sling and do n't want to spend upwards of $ 55 for one , give this one a go .
 My baby LOVES this sling . He 's 12 months old now and he 's loved it the whole 5 months I 've had it . He gets all excited when he sees me get this sling out ! He feels very comfortable in it and he likes to put both arms down into the sling and settle in , snuggling in close to me with a big grin when I get him into the sling . Today I even got it out and used it to get him to fall asleep when nothing else would work . He sits on my hip in the sling , and he can lay his head on my chest -LRB- breast -RRB- when he 's sleepy . He 's more comfortable in the sling than just in my arms!This sling is very easy and quick to use . I carry it in my diaper bag everywhere I go -- something I could n't do with my other types of baby carriers . It 's very pretty , and the cotton it 's made of is cool enough for warm climates . The rails are padded just the right amount so that it 's comfortable on the shoulder and baby 's legs , but still goes through the rings pretty easily . The shoulder padding is good and works ! I recommend adjusting this sling so that the rings end up kind of high , about armpit level , and getting baby snug and close for the most comfort on the shoulder . This sling is comfortable to wear and I can throw it on it a couple of minutes.I got the fern batik pattern , and I could n't tell from the picture what it was going to look like , really . It 's a print on light cotton fabric , and it 's not shimmery or shiny . It 's really pretty and it looks very fashionable!A friend recommended this sling to me and I would recommend it to all my friends too . It cost me about half the price of most of the slings out there , even here online .
 I had another sling with my son and decided to try this one with my daughter . I was amazed at how light this one is compared to my old sling - it does n't hurt my shoulder or back at all . I do like the light padding of the pouch . Unlike the other reviewer , I have no problem tightening it as much as I need - I just pull the padded part through the ring and it allows me to tighten as much as I like . My daughter loves to sit in the sling and it allows me to get things done and hold her at the same time.My only gripe , and its a minor one , is that the color is not what I expected . In the pictures it appears to have a purple tint to it , however , the sling is more brown than anything.Overall , a really nice ring sling that I would recommend to anyone .
 Lite On responded quickly and sent my sling quickly . It is a sturdy well sewn sling . The color/print looks even better in person . I need to reread instructions as my baby grows to fully use the sling , but it is a good product .
 I have several baby carriers and I prefer my Mobi wrap and my Infantino Flip because I feel they are more secure , but this one is great for the hip carry . My daughter jerks back a lot though , so I still always have one hand on her at all times . I like it to carry her around when she 's cranky and I do n't need both hands to do something . It 's great for going for a walk , but not when you need both hands for something else like pushing a stroller or carrying groceries . If your baby does n't jerk back , then it 's great !
 Our son seemed to be the kind of baby who would have been feeling snuggly and secure if we had this when he was a newborn . It seemed as though , because he was not used to being carried in it from the first few weeks , he seemed to be a little bit Claustrophobic in it . By the time we got it he had grown so much bigger and my wife was not able to nurse him in it the way it is suggested for newborns . We will definately be keeping it for our next child , though .
 Love this print ! This print is like a moss green , but it 's not too bright . It 's fun , refreshing with the touch of flowers . my son loves to sit on my hip and this sling is perfect for that purpose.I can pop him in and out very quickly . This is one of three I own . I love them all depending on what my mood is or what I 'm wearing .
 My child loves to be in this sling ! The first time I put him in he fell asleep within a minute . What a lifesaver !
 I bought this for my infant but it did not work out well for us -LRB- got the Moby instead -RRB- but once she was 6 months it has been an easy way to have a free hand while doing laundry or walking to the mailbox , without having to `` get all strapped in . '' I think this is a must have for an older baby for quick uses -- where you just need 1 hand . The pattern is fantastic by the way . Very nice .
 My baby is 6 weeks old and adjusting to this sling . She does not like how it pushes her head to the side , but I am experimenting with different positions . I am not quite at the `` hands Free '' stage yet , as I hold her head up for her . At least I have one hand free now . She also does not like to swaddle her arms , so I have to position her with at least one arm free . They sent me the wrong pattern , but I did not want to delay utilizing the sling . Lite-on-Shoulder was very accomodating to get to an mutually agreeable solution .
 I was looking for a sling for a toddler . My 2 yr old weighs 29 # and does NOT want to be in his stroller anymore ! He wants to walk with me everywhere he can . There are some places where it 's easier for me to just carry him and also to not let him walk . This sling is perfect for that ! It holds his weight and gives me the freedom to go anywhere with him now . The colors are stylish too ! Cute ! I love it !
 I bought this sling after researching TONS of different slings , and it was difficult to decide because there are SO MAY out there available online , but only a handful at stores like Babies R Us & Target.I was and still am incredibly happy with this sling . I have been using it for my son ever since he was about a month old , and I still occasionally use it on him-he 's 2 . It is very lightweight & breathes well on hot days , so you do n't get really sweaty from all the body heat of your little one . I nursed my son in public in this sling , and no one had a clue!It can be used in a number of different positions , from infant lying down to baby sitting up facing forward to toddler on the hip . I ca n't say enough how much I LOVE LOVE LOVE this sling , and I am hard to please . I recommended it to my cousin , who got one & also loves it . I will be buying one for my nephew 's new baby.One note
 I purchased this carrier for my daughter from Amazon . She can handle it by herself . The baby is almost two weeks old and can be carried in it comfortably . It looks like she can continue to grow and fit in it . My daughter can prepare the sling and baby without assistance . She is balanced and the baby is comfortable .
 This works very well , I love the padding on the shoulder - the ` Dusk ' pattern/color is incredibly beautiful , very true to the picture . I looked at many other slings , both more expensive and less , and I 'm happy I chose this one . I used a Moby with my first baby and liked it also , but this one allows me to breastfeed -LRB- even walking around in public , with no one the wiser ! -RRB- . I 've used it for two months and washed it several times , it looks new but better , because the material is softer now.I also have an Ergo , which I adore and have used with my older baby for two years and continue to love . This sling is perfect for the little one until he is old enough for the Ergo .
 I really wish I had bought this sooner ! My baby loves being in it and usually falls asleep right away , I love having my hands free to eat or do chores .
 my Baby girl LOVES this , she falls right to sleep everytime ! ... i use this around the house , and mostly when i go out ... much better than going into stores with a big carseat , i just slide her in before we get out of car . . so much easier ! . . & i have gotten so many compliments on it ! : -RRB-
 I bought this for a gift for my daughter , mailed it off to her she was in love with it , she says it will help greatly with the new baby comming and all ready having a 18 month old to chace after , thanks for the great product it was well put together and looks very comfy for a new born .
 This sling works much better than other styles for my newborn . I did get a sit in style for when she is older but this one is great until she can hold her head up on her own .
 This is a great sling for the price . I actually like the color of it better in person . The pictue makes it look kind of weird . My 5 week old likes being cradled in this . Its also an amazing price compared to other slings and I think this one works just as well . Its worth giving a try b/c the price is right .
 this carrier is so great - toddler super comfy , even on long walks and hikes - seriously great price - other carriers i looked at cost way more and had worse reviews !
 I had seen one of these baby slings and was excited I could get one on Amazon ! The future Mama loved it and ca n't wait to wear her baby !
 Loved it ! Makes carrying Jr around a lot easier . Do n't need the stroller just use the sling . The material is very nice , feels secure with baby in it . The padded edges are comfortable for him . Wish I had bought one sooner .
 My son just turned 3 and weighs about 30lbs . I also have a 41/2 year old boy that has always been WAY more active and physical than his younger brother . We are a super active family and when we go for walks , older brother can do several miles no problem . My 3yo however , DRAGS his feet and eventually asks to be carried . I wanted a back-pack style carrier for him . We often hike on trails that are not stroller friendly . We are also set to go to Hawaii and will be doing lots of hikes there . We have a framed carrier and I was looking for something that folded flat that will travel well . This fit the bill . Not only is it nice to be frameless for travel , it also has these pros : - Inexpensive !!! Ergo-what ???? $ 120 ??? You 've got to be kidding me ! This honestly should be more expensive for as good as it is . But SOOO glad it was n't ! I will probably not use this for more than a year , so I could n't fathom paying $ 120 for the ergo . I ca n't imagine a product being better than this carrier anyway.-Light-weight and super soft material-Love the pockets for stashing phone/wallet/snacks . The main compartment is zippered , so when child is ready to be let down , items wo n't fall out.-I 'm 5 ' 3 , my husband is 6ft and fits us both comfortably ! - I 've taken my son on walks without my husband or another adult . Easy to put on , unassisted . I simply strap it to my waist , he jumps on my back , and I then put the carrier on over him like a back pack.-My son LOVES it - super comfortable for him . I will be sad when he 's too big for it ; -RRB- Cons : Have n't found any !
 I bought this one because I did n't like carrying my little guy in the Bjorn anymore . He liked facing out in it , but I could n't see his face so had no idea when he was smiling at people , or even if he had spit up or something . I wanted something where we could make eye contact . I looked at maya wraps and other pricier options , but I just could n't see the value there . Also , that fabric is so thick and heavy and I live in Florida , way too hot for that . I get compliments on this , both the design of the sling and the fabric most places I go , and the little munchkin is happy in there for short trips to the store or even just carrying him around the house . I do still always keep one hand on him though , because when he 's decided he 's done being in there , he starts arching his back and that gets a little scary . Overall , a great product at a very fair price .
 This is our first day using the sling on our 1-week baby and it works great . He loves to nurse in it and has been sleeping in it since allowing me to finally use of both of my arms ! Would definitely recommend for anyone who is nursing . I 'm actually giving this product 5 stars but for some reason I 'm having difficulty selecting that last star .
 I purchased this sling to carry my 4 month old granddaughter . She loves to snuggle in and it gives me an extra hand when shopping . It is so easy to use and easily adjustable for any size .
 Great sling ! 100 % worth the money . I like the design and versatility of it . My son goes right to sleep in it . i would definitely recommend this product : -RRB-
 I purchased this sling for my then 4 month old son to use when traveling & doing quick errands . Traveling thru the airport & on the plane this sling was a lifesaver ! I was traveling alone & so hauling an infant & carry on bags was a lot easier with him in the sling . And on the plane I kept him snuggled up in the sling & so he was quite cozy & comfortable & he was able to sleep thru the whole flight ! I also like how I can throw the sling in my diaper bag or purse in case I need it & not have to drag the stroller out . I originally had the baby Bjorn which is nice too but it was rather bulky & my chubby little guy grew out of it rather quickly . Definitely happy with my sling !
 We love this product . We use it to carry around our ferret . It works perfect . It 's the perfect size for him to turn around or just lay around enjoying the view .
 This sling is beautiful !!! I have been using slings for the past 15 years with 5 different children and I think they are wonderful . I recently purchased this sling as a gift and the fabric and style are beautiful . I tried it out myself and now I am going to order one !
 I think this is a pretty good sling for the cost . It 's multi-functional and it also comes with a manual that shows you how to best utilize it . I will warn you that it shrunk on me after I washed it , but I 'm 5 ' 3 '' so it actually worked to my benefit , b/c I thought it was too long pre wash .
 I think the sling is even better looking in real life , the colors are beautiful . I got it to use with my son -LRB- 8 weeks , almost 12lbs -RRB- since our front pack is getting difficult to use already and if he falls asleep I ca n't sit down . As I 'm typing this he is almost asleep in the sling ! Success ! I ca n't wait to use it more !
 I bought this wanting an affordable sling that was comfortable . I love being able to wear the baby while getting stuff done around the house . This was the first sling I bought . I know own a few others and even had one special ordered from another co. but this is my go-to sling to wear for long periods around the house because it is the most comfortable and for the price I do n't mind if it gets dirty while I do housework . I love the fact that its slightly padded too . My only complaint is that the color in the picture looks totally different in person . It 's actually a lot more pink . I hate the color but love the design . Also wish the tail was open so I could use it as a cover while nursing but overall I would definitely recommend it .
 We like it . Easy to use . One seam is breaking . Needs stronger stitching . Color is lovely . Baby seem to fall asleep in it easier than in the stroller , but could be due to mother 's warmth .
 I was really interested in `` baby-wearing '' but did n't want to spend $ 70 on a sling . I ordered this because the price was attractive and the reviews of the other `` Lite-on-Shoulder '' slings got good reviews . This is a very well-made product and it is also very pretty . It adjusts and works very well . It is taking me some time getting used to positioning my little one in the sling but went to the website and there are many videos that demonstrate how to do it . I did not find the pamphlet that they sent with the sling to be very helpful . The pictures were very poor quality and I am definitely a `` visual learner '' . So if you are anything like me I suggest watching the videos . Overall , a very good product for the price !
 My daughter 7 months loves snuggling in with mommy . She often naps in it if we are traveling . I like it is light weight and she does n't get too warm . It was purchased for air travel and I was so pleased .
 I have an old back fracture , so when I was going to be switching my 9 month old out of his infant carrier , I needed something to help me carry him if I was going somewhere they did n't have carts . It 's not always practical to use the stroller and he often balks at being unstrapped from one seat and directly strapped into another . This way he can be carried , but it does n't put so much pressure on my back and arms.I agree that it 's hard to adjust the sling once it 's on and the baby is in it , but I just do it before hand . No issues.So glad I got this sling and did n't have to pay an arm and a leg for it . I always keep an arm on him anyway , but it really allows me to be able to carry more than just a diaper bag and my purse while carrying him . Sometimes you need to do that ...
 I love this sling.We use it often . It does take some practice but once you have it down it becomes an essential item to have with you.Before I had to work around the baby 's eating schedule but now I can feed her easily in her sling . she loves being carried in it . I am so glad I got it and definitely suggest other moms to go for it .
 I have n't tried this with my newborn yet , but I used this sling ALL THE TIME with my other baby ! I had my last two babies close together -LRB- 13 months apart -RRB- , and toward the end was stuck with a baby who could n't walk while I was in my very uncomfortable third trimester . This sling was a LIFESAVER . It has enough length/slack that I could put my baby in -LRB- she was about 10 months the first time I used it -RRB- and adjust the sling so that she was not sitting right on my stomach . It 's also VERY easy to get on and off , especially off . Removing a baby sling , whether a baby is in it or not , seems to always be the hard part . This sling comes off easy as a wink , and if you have your baby in it , it 's just as easy . The padded shoulder is also a very nice perk , and it pads nicely without adding a lot of bulk.I am looking forward to using this sling again , and will be getting on the maker 's website soon to see how to carry my newborn in it safely . I 'd absolutely recommend it to a mom needing a sling . I 've tried several different styles and brands , and this is so far my favorite !
 this has been a huge help with my 19 # 6mo old !!! only $ 30 compared to other options > $ 75 and has all the features i wanted
 I am about to be a first-time Nana !! Unfortunately , almost 3 years ago I lost my left arm . I have alot of concerns about how I will comfortably hold and adjust my grandchild , and I 'm sure my daughter & son in law will have reservations . Do current users think this would be secure & helpful for me ? I really want to be able to cuddle the baby safely without the arm fatigue I will surely experience if I do n't use something to assist me . Feedback will be appreciated . Thanks !
 I love this sling when I need a quick and easy option for carry my baby when I 'm out and about . It fits her better now that she 's older -LRB- 4.5 months -RRB- than when she was tiny -LRB- I preferred my moby-style wrap then -RRB- and it 's comfortable for me as well . The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the amount of threads that are left at the end of every row of stitching -- a higher-quality product would have gone back to trim these , but instead there are little 1/8 '' -1 / 4 '' left overs all over it . It does n't detract from the appearance unless you 're up close and picky like me , and it 's not unraveling or affecting the functionality -- but I keep meaning to go back to it and trim all over . Lovely color though , and overall I enjoy this product = -RRB-
 At first , I bought this sling to give it a try , but now , even one year after I got it , I do not leave the house without it . Not only my son LOVES to hang out in it , he also falls asleep cuddling with his mom and I still have two free hands to keep doing what I 'm doing . It is super fresh , safe , easy to use , comfortable AND PRETTY ! People stop me to ask me where I got it . I am really happy with this purchase because besides all I said before , the quality is amazing .
 Loved the sling ! Bought it when I was taking my 4.5 month old to Disney World . Makes him much lighter to carry and he loves it ! He 's now 10 months old and 20lbs . Have n't used it much lately , but he never minds going in it . It took a while for me to get use to how to use it , but the instructions were good . Like this sling way better than the snuggli front carrier I have that hurts my shoulders .
 I love this wrap it 's super easy to use and much less fabric than the moby wrap . I did n't even have to watch the video to learn how to use it.The baby loves it too , I am still trying to learn how to nurse in it but I will get there . Someone mentioned that fabric is not shiny like it appears in the picture , that is true however the pattern is beautiful !
 I got this sling thinking I would just use it to carry around one of my twins while I carried the other . It is good for that and to use with other types of carriers at the same time . But the best thing about this sling is how easy it is to breast feed with ! In public people just think she is asleep and at home I can have a free hand ! It 's great !
 I had a hard time figuring it out at first . Then I decided to go online and watch the video on how to use it . It helped alot . I like the sling I just have to get used to it .
 This sling is great . At first I was n't sure about it . When my baby was a newborn I tried to put her in it laying down and she absolutely hated it ! After her neck got stronger I tried it where she is facing me and her legs are dangling out . She loves it ! It puts her right to sleep and gives me two hands to use while at the store . It took a few tries before I could get it right and feel comfortable doing it , but now it is super easy ! Also the material is beautiful and very nice feeling . : -RRB-
 Love this sling ... I even got the one in the picture - green/white . My son loves it , it 's the only one I use ... and I was one of those mom 's that went out and got them all and this is my go to baby carrier . When you do n't need it just stuff it in your bag ... and when you need it it 's right there . easy , cute , and my baby loves it ... enough said .
 This is my 2nd light on shoulder sling , the 1st was a baby shower gift and now I bought this one for the spring/summer months ahead . My daughter loves being carried around in it and I also use it to nurse her while I 'm shopping or trying to eat myself . All you got to do is through a nursing cover on and you have 2 hands again ! I LOVE this sling , and I have had many bad ones I suffered through with my son . Great buy and product !
 I LOVE this sling . I wish I 'd had it earlier on . The fabric is gorgeous ... I get tons of compliments on it . The padding is perfect and it is very easy to use . The instructions are a bit juvenile , but simple to follow . You will not regret this purchase ... a must have for all baby-wearing mamas !!!
 Although a bit tricky to figure out how to wear on oneself -LRB- including adjusting it -RRB- and how to put the baby in it , the LOS Baby Sling is quite effective once you get the hang of using it . More importantly , my newborn baby girl loves it!As a dad , I tend to carry my little girl a lot -LRB- when I get home from work -RRB- and using the sling allows me to do more than just cuddle her ... I use it to carry her as I take my afternoon walks with her - even forgoing the stroller when going for walks -LRB- and mall shopping trips -RRB- . Forget about wearing a weighted vest for a walking workout ! This multipurpose sling does for me more than I thought it would ! Even more , just a few minutes after putting my baby girl in it , she instantly falls asleep - she would even continue to do so -LRB- for at least another hour -RRB- after our one hour walks.Great product !
 This sling is the best ! I have 2 of them and I use both all the time . I have been using it since my son was 3 months old . He is now 6 months old . I can put him in it in multiple positions and breast feed him in it when walking around . I get lots of compliments and people askng me where I got it . If its raining out I put him in the sling and the umbrella keeps us both dry and baby warm . I ca n't say enough good things about this sling .
 This sling is great . It is lightweight and stylish . My baby girl loves to go shopping in the sling.I wish the brochure/directions were more clear . The photos are difficult to make out and I was n't sure how to do some of the sling positions .
 I love this sling . It is not pricy and it is just what you need to carry you infant . My daughter loves it !! She is now 6 months and I carry her in the sling in different positions . I absolutely recommend this product to every mother -LRB- because the design my husband wont wear it :-RRB- -RRB-
 I wish I had this before my daughter was born . I used a snugli front carrier until she was about six months old , then she got too heavy for it and the straps hurt me too much to use it anymore . This is so much more comfortable , once you get the hang of it , which really does n't take long . Plus , there 's no complicated straps to adjust , and it 's easy to tighten/loosen it with the baby inside . I was ready to send it back after the first time I wore it , but I sent them an email and they gave me some pointers on how to adjust it comfortably , and now we use it everyday . Now , at ten months , I make the loop very small and put it under her arms so she can `` walk '' all by herself -LRB- much easier on your back since you do n't have to bend over . The fabric is really beautiful and the quality is great -LRB- I 've washed it twice -RRB- . I get compliments whenever I wear it . Like I said , I wish I had this sling from the beginning beacause there are so many different ways to carry the baby in it , it really does grow with your child . I would really reccomend this to anyone expecting , it does n't take much practice to wear it comfortably , but it does take some patience . Read the instructions on their website before you give up ! It 's worth it ! P.S. I 'm not particulary thin or short , but I still had to weave the padded part of the straps through the loop to make it snug enough , so this is plenty big for a larger-built person .
 This carrier is wonderful ! I had a BabyBjorn before but that gave me back pain after 4 months . Lite-on-Shoulder came to my rescue . Although it has a learning curve in the beginning I feel my baby is completely secure in it . I started using it when my baby was about 4 months old and it never fails that she falls asleep in it . She is now 22 lbs and still loves the snuggle comfort of it . it allows me to adjust the height precisly that I can let her straddle on my hip to even part of her weight onto my hip and alleviate the shoulder load . The pouch shape design add double security to it .
 I was drawn in by the affordable price of $ 29 by the original manufacturer seller here on this site , but fell in love with the ease of use , quality , and gorgeous beauty of the fashionable fabric of this product . This a good ring sling for a beginning baby wearer ! It is a hybrid sling with both some of the easier pouch sling qualities , but the adjustability of a ring sling . The partially closed tail makes it that you ca n't get the fabric twisted and tangled and makes it easy to thread . The sling edges is padded so the baby does n't get red marks on his legs or head like the non-padded slings , but the padding is very light compared to other padded edged slings which normally are overwhelmingly thick and make you hot . The light padding actually goes through the rings unlike the padding of other padded slings which normally do n't , making this sling as adjustable to as tightly small as you want to make it . Besides the light padding not being hot , the fabric was breathable for both the baby and me . Very important when you live in year long hot Florida like me .
 I use this sling every chance I get . Could n't use the front baby carriers because they hurt my back . This lets me sit my daughter on my hip and feels so comfortable . High quality , sturdy material . A great buy !
 I use this sling everyday . I began using it when my son was about 3 weeks old and he his currently 7 weeks old . It is perfect for nursing him around the house and letting him fall asleep in the sling . He loves being near me in the sling and it makes my life so much easier . Breastfeeding in the sling allows me to do things around the house at the same time.The fabric allows me to easily position him into the sling without it catching on his clothes . Some other fabrics on slings will `` grab '' the clothing and make it difficult to position the baby . The fabric on this sling is ideal . Unfortunately , the tail of the sling tapers to a small 11/2 '' width piece so you ca n't use the tail to drape over the baby or when breastfeeding -LRB- like the Maya wrap offers -RRB- . This is unfortunate because I would like the excess fabric to be somewhat functional . Therefore , I give this item 4 stars instead of 5 . I typically only use this sling at home which is a real shame because the fabric is so beautiful ! The pattern and design of the fabric is truly lovely and unique and I get compliments from others who see it.The padded rails and shoulder are also nice however the padding on the tail makes it difficult to adjust for a tight fit on newborns to carry in the tummy to tummy position . Therefore , I typically only carry in the cradle position with my small baby . I 'm hoping as he grows we will get more use of the sling in different positions.I recommend this sling and am glad that I have it . A great price on this product too .
 My wife and I had our 3rd child 2 months ago -LRB- a baby girl -RRB- . Since my wife has to run around after the older 2 kids -LRB- girls ages 9 and 6 -RRB- , and the baby 's only nutrition is via nursing , my wife wanted something she could use to carry the baby around everywhere and even nurse with while doing all her other tasks.We found this sling on-line , and liked the price , as well as the description of the light fabric -LRB- we live in warm south Florida -RRB- . When it arrived , it took some practice for my wife to figure out how to use it , but she really wanted to make it work , and after a few days on the learning curve , she became good at using it . Now she ca n't live without it.The baby is safe and secure in the sling , and loves sleeping in it -LRB- obviously , you have to use some common sense -RRB- . Also , while using the sling my wife can take care of the other kids easily and do other things -LRB- both hands are generally free -RRB- . Also , the sling is now serving as a substitute for the heavy , bulky plastic baby car-carrier and stroller , all of which are so bulky that they had been making traveling to a store or restaurant difficult . Now , with the sling , our family of 5 can go out to eat and ask for a table for 4 . Very cool . My wife even wore the baby in the sling on a stroll along the beach -LRB- and the baby slept the whole time -RRB- . A stroller would n't have worked on the sand and a car seat carrier would have been too heavy to lug around.I guess at some point the baby will be too big for the sling , but for now it 's perfect . You just need some practice learning to use it . One minor drawback
 Great sling!Very comfortable ! Shoulder pad really helps !! CUTE designs!Fantastic company!Completely adjustable for that perfect fit ! I tried other slings without adjustable rings and they just did n't fit correctly -LRB- I 'm small with a larger bust -RRB- and I wasted a lot of money.Love that the tail of this sling is sewn - you do n't have to deal with all the extra fabric hanging down.I use mine mainly while traveling - works great if you have your baby in your lap for a flight - I have her in the sling and I feel much better knowing she is secured to me ! Sometimes you have to modify it for this purpose-When I 'm seated , I put her in the nursing position on me , in the sling , and the sling is around my waist instead of on one shoulder . Plus it doubles as a light blanket so less to carry on ! I get the most compliments from flight attendants telling me what a great idea the sling is.I do n't leave home without this . It 's small enough to fit in the diaper bag.My daughter loves to be in it , especially the `` kangaroo carry '' .
 I like this sling . I am a big girl -LRB- size 22 -RRB- and it fits me ! I still have to learn how to really use it but I got baby in it and she seems content . The directions are hard to read but I am not doubting I can figure it out .
 We have Bjorn and a Moby wrap , and the Bjorn is great for long days out shopping and hiking , but it is a lot of work putting the baby in it and it does n't really work for nursing . The Moby was really snugly and calmed our sometimes fussy baby down and he would go to sleep in it . But after he was about 12 or 14 lbs , it did n't work very well for nursing and he would sweat in it -LRB- good for winter , but not for spring -RRB- . Also , the Moby is incredibly crazy work to get on and my short stature leaves the fabric dragging on the ground without some extensive effort . So I went looking for something else.I bought this sling when he was probably 6 months old and he is now 11 months old . He loves this sling because he knows it means it is time to eat . This really helped expedite getting ready in the morning . I would just pop him in the sling , and he would start nursing while I brushed my teeth , put in my contacts , washed my pump , or anything else I needed . I have also used it when I have gone out . The padded shoulder makes it very comfortable for me to wear for a while . The light weight fabric is great for my hot-blooded son , and I 've received compliments on the design -- beautiful as a shawl . I have only used it in one position . The instructions were a little difficult to understand , but I figured out to pull the tail through farther on the topside than the bottom worked for how I need to hold him on my hip . I turn it inside out when I switch sides since that is faster than readjusting the tail.I would recommend this to nursing moms anywhere , and the price is much better than other brands I looked at .
 I just got this as a gift . The baby is n't here yet but my teddy bear seemed pretty comfortable in it . The fabric looks nice and it 's fairly smooth and light while still seeming sturdy . It appears to be sewn together well . The padding is light which I 'm glad about . I was wondering if it would be bulky , but I 'm petite and it seems pretty comfortable . I think it will be easy to adjust , but I guess I wo n't know for sure until I put an actual baby in it .
 My wife loves it , but I bought it so I 'm gon na dock a star because it looks uncomfortable for my 3 mo old . Again , wife said it 's great , but she 's not reviewing and I say the baby looks squished .
 Loved the sling . I just followed instructions and viola ! Love the sling and how compact it . I do n't like the pattern too much but everyone else seems to like it :-RRB- but most of all baby likes it
 My first review of this item was not good , however the seller was EXTREMLEY helpfull when told about the problem and fixed the situation . Im more than pleased now . I would order again from this seller because of the GREAT customer service ! thank you lillytiger , great job !
 I love this wrap it 's super easy to use and much less fabric than the moby wrap . I did n't even have to watch the video to learn how to use it.The baby loves it too , I am still trying to learn how to nurse in it but I will get there . Someone mentioned that fabric is not shiny like it appears in the picture , that is true however the pattern is beautiful !
 I absolutely love this ring sling . I received a Moby Wrap , Mei Tai and ring sling prior to my baby being born . The Mei Tai fabric is a bit rough for a newborn , and there was n't enough `` kangaroo '' support , but it will be perfect & will get tons of use once she has head control @ ~ 3 months . The Moby ... there 's a lot of fabric . A lot . So it 's not ideal for out 'n about for us . This ring sling is perfect . I take it everywhere . I can put her in it from the carseat into the ring sling & we can walk or go to any appointments and I 'm hands free & she 's typically asleep in it . I take it on stroller walks so if I need to breastfeed whilst out on a walk , I use it as a support so I can stand while feeding her . I wear it around the house during her `` colicky '' evening fussiness and it puts her to sleep in seconds.But ... My baby is 5 weeks old and I 've used this daily since she was born . She spends about 1-6hrs in it daily -LRB- intermittently -RRB- and the fabric is starting to tear . Literally rip apart . My newborn at 5 weeks is under 10lbs . I love the design and everything else -LRB- will try to return this and get another DEFINITELY need another one !!! -RRB- but I am sorely shocked the fabric is ripping . I 've never washed it , either . =-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- The actual fabric could have been of a higher quality , however , I emailed the Seller and they offered a free exchange . So their customer service is stellar.Otherwise , if you 're wanting to babywear , get a ring sling for sure ! It 's a super quick way to calm a fussy baby without miles of fabric or having to tie a knot while sitting in a hot car after getting baby out of carseat . I put baby in it & can bring stuff in from the car hands free .
 Pros : Fits easily.Doesn ' t kill your shoulder -LRB- depends on your child I 'm sure -RRB- . We take this on vacation , when we go to the beach or something , and walk around the boardwalk and stuff like that . Everyone comments either on it or how cute our baby is , or a combination of those.Cons : I guess the safety issues are the only thing I can think of to list for a con . You can not buy these type of slings at a box store like Babies `` R '' Us ; I 'm guessing because of people saying that children can suffocate . But we started using this with our child around the age of 8 weeks , and at that point , our baby was big enough that she fit such that it did n't look like a safety hazard for her at all . So I would caution someone to wait at least two months before using an item like this , but otherwise , we 've never thought twice about it , and our child has been fine .
 This is my second baby carrier . The first one was bought by my cousin , ergo baby brand . It 's not only too big , too hot , and also hard to put on . This lighter , second sling is much better to wear for our mild southern weather . Also my baby seems like it better cuz she can stretch out her legs and arms.The drawback is that the fabric is not top notched cotton , it feels coarse on hand . Other than that it 's all good looking , Snapfish and sturdy .
 I have never written a review for a product before , but I just had to come on here and say how much I LOVE MY LITE ON THE SHOULDER SLING !!!!! I 've been baby wearing for 14 years . I love the light padding ! I love the fabric choices ! I love all the attention my beautiful baby gets in her beautiful sling ! And I refer everybody that comments . Oh and I love the price too ! I was just coming on here to buy another one - you know to coordinate with other outfits ! ; -RRB-
 My daughter and I are still learning how to use and like this , and it is not shiny like it looks in the picture . But I think we 'll like it pretty good once we both get more used to it .
 I got my son a daughter in law two of these for their new little one . They are using them and have told me it works great , are easy to use and the baby loves being carried this way . : o -RRB-
 We love this little box ! My daughter was concerned about the tooth fairy coming into her bed and reaching under her pillow . Problem solved , and it looks very cute on her dresser !
 The tooth fairy box exceeded my wildest expectations . It is , in a word , sophisticated . This box epitomizes beauty with sleek curves and firm joints . Second only to hand crafted shaker boxes in design , the tooth fairy box reminds one that magic does exist in the world . Its lid opens in one swift motion , exposing a pure wooden cavity that yearns to be filled . The base of the box is perfectly flat , too . I rest it on an otherwise bland table and it seals to the surface . Suddenly my entire living room seems to resonate with songs from an angelic choir . It is , after all , the tooth fairy box made for kings.Also , as a 21 year-old , I lost several teeth to a frozen flying squirrel -LRB- long story -RRB- , but after using this box I was refunded with more riches than I could imagine . Thank you tooth fairy box , thank you .
 The product is as shown , however , I was under the impression I was going to receive 2 boxes since that is what is in the picture . The price is actually only for one box , not two . I should have known better , but did n't . I ended up ordering another one for my other child . I do like the product .
 My six year old son lost his first tooth not long ago and the very next day we got on the internet in search of a tooth fairy pillow . After extensive searching what we found was either totally girly or -LRB- as my son put it -RRB- too babyish . Then we came across this small , neutrally designed wooden box . Perfect ! Whether you 're buying for a boy or a girl I highly recommend this unique item .
 Nice box bigger than others i have seen.Well made with a fair price.I would recommend it to anyone.My daughter loves hers and I hear the tooth fairy was very impressed also !
 This tooth box is much larger than I expected , but the larger size does leave more possibilities for different &#34; presents &#34; to be left .
 Just the right size and its definately boyish looking ... also its sturdy enough for the roughness of boys . Something different for the special ritual .
 I bought 2 tooth fairy boxes for my grandsons . I liked that they did not have silly &#34; baby &#34; characters on the box . Children are 5-6 when they lose teeth and not interested in Elmo -LRB- etc. -RRB- anymore . The children liked the bes but felt that they were a little big to fit under their pillows . They will have to keep the boxes next to their pillow when the tooth fairy comes .
 This was perfect for my son . Most boxes are a bit girly and this was nice and simple . I bit larger than I expected but it works just great .
 Ever since I discovered I was pregnant with my first child , I searched intensely for the perfect pregnancy journal that was sophisticated and complete in its documentary components . Tummy Talk has 5 components
 I love my Tummy Talk Pregnancy Books ! I am a mother of 3 beautiful children and with each child my experience has been different . Finding a journal that would allow me to customize my experience for each child was very difficult , that is until I found this book . This book is amazing . I love that this book comes in different colors and that it has a very elegant yet classic appeal . I know this book is definitely something that my children will one day cherish , as this is the beginning of the story of their lives ! I hope to see more from Tummy Talk ... maybe another journal to keepsake the years to come .
 I really liked this journal . I 'm an avid journaller and enjoyed keeping my pregnancy memories in one book . I loved writing each week . I especially liked the Doctor 's appointment section , mostly so I could keep track of my weight gain ! Ha ! I received this as a gift and had no idea it was so pricey . But , I think it 's worth the cost . I know my daughter will one day love thumbing through my journal and reading about how I felt about my very first pregnancy . I hope to buy a second journal for when I 'm expecting my second babe .
 I love this book , kind of a journal/scrapbook all in one . I search high and low for the best one for my pregnancy and even though it is high pricd I splurged on this one . I loved it so much I just bought one for my sister who is pregnant . Why did I give it only 4 stars ? Well to be perfect it would have been great to have ability to add or remove pages , and some bright color choices would be nice . I am not a huge fan of pastels and when you are pregnant you do not know the sex of the baby yet , so it was hard to choose a color . Overall loved the internal pages , wished they would take you all the way through the baby 's first couple of years too .
 My wife and I were looking for a gift for a pregnant friend , and when we found this item we thought it would be a great gift . When it arrived , we were even happier with our choice - the album looks rich and deluxe , and our friend loved it ! Now anybody we know who gets pregnant will get the same gift :-RRB- . Perfect for an expectant Valentine as well !
 We bought this beautiful soft suede-textured pink album for our friend who 's expecting a little girl . She saw an article on Tummy Talk in a Pregnancy magazine and wanted to get one for herself . A few days later , she received one from us as a gift . She said it was perfect timing since she almost ordered one for herself ! She loves it for the quality and details that it provides .
 We just learned we are having our first grandchild ... a boy ! Your classic book just arrived , and we will be so proud to present this elegant journal/scrapbook/album to the parents-to-be . This is the perfect gift to capture all the special moments of the pregnancy journey .
 This is such a beautiful , well-done combination scrapbook/journal ! The author thought of everything . If you need a gift for someone who is pregnant -LRB- or shopping for yourself -RRB- this is the best I 've seen out there !
 I am very happy with this mobile , it is the perfect size , and the animals are very cute . I did n't buy themed bedding from anywhere , I got my bedding from Ikea , and struggled to find a mobile that went with it . This one looks modern and not to `` themed '' which I was aiming for ! The song it plays is very cute , and we enjoy winding it up to listen to it . I can not wait for Xavier to be here to try it out !!
 We just love this moblie , it is very simple and thats what we had been looking for . We are very happy with it , great product for the price ... not fancy , but perfect !
 Our stroller -LRB- strolair -RRB- had an umbrella that was very annoying to use and never really did the job of blocking out the sun as much as was needed . This sunshade was lifesaver ! Very convenient , and compact . It fits in a tiny bag and will fit any stroller . I only wish I did n't choose it in black , but even in this color I did n't notice it heat up too much on the sun . Would be nice if there were more light , bright , fun colors for this product .
 I love this sunshade ! I live in the central valley of California and sunny days never end . The canopys that come standard with most strollers just dont keep the sun off my babies , this shade works so well . It 's easy to put on and store and keeps all of the sun off my boys . I like that it has the full shade cover options -LRB- great for keeping out pests and creating a dark environment for naps -RRB- but I have only needed it as a canopy extension . At first I was disappointed that they only had this product in navy -LRB- I have a black stroller -RRB- but its a very dark blue and is so big that the color contrast is not that obvious . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I love this item . Great for long walks to block sun that regular stroller shade is n't big enough for . Very easy to attach and use . This will be especially great for trip to beach . I have n't used the netting part yet , but I imagine it would be useful for keeping a dark environment for baby . I use this on my Kolcraft Contours stroller and my Maclaren XT .
 My son can keep these in his mouth unlike the soothie which just pops out .
 Very please with the product and how quickly it arrived . Matches my bedding set perfectly !
 Very cute . SO far it has with held my two year old . Thats saying something .
 Upon my sister 's recommendation , we tried these out . Our son loves them . When we lost them -LRB- can you ever have too many pacifiers ?? -RRB- , the local Walgreens only carried other brands , so that 's what I bought . Ended up being a waste of money -- my son definitely preferred the Playtex Ortho pacifiers . I think nursing babies must like them so much b/c they 're relatively flat and very pliable in their mouth ... like their mother 's nipple .
 These are the only kind of pacifier that my baby could use when she was teething . They are thin and `` kinked '' in the area that passes over the gums , thus minimizing the pressure put on the already sensitive area . My baby needs a binky to sleep , but when she was teething other binkies hurt her . This kind did n't hurt her at all ! I was very happy with this product . It comes in `` girly '' colors too .
 I ordered this last x-mas , and it took months to find again ! My star wars fan husband added it to his collection on the bed ! He is a dork , but the pillow was really cute !
 im a dad and my 16 year old son loves to have sleep overs but somthimes he gets scared and i need to come sleep with him . so i got him this what is lees scary than the sith lord himself ? nothing ! he loves it now only if they made a bed warmer too ! great buy a life saver !
 My son loves this bowl and spoons ! The bright colors keep him interested . I havent tried the cup yet , Im waiting a few months for that . Overall good purchase .
 I really love this set especially the spoons I think my daughter loves to bite on the spoons more than eating her spoons I wish they were sold in a big pack . The bowl is very durable and the cup is very nice as well . Very nice set .
 Kidsline seem to make quality products . I received this in good time . It 's made of quality fabrics and goes perfectly in the new baby 's room .
 My daughter is very tiny for her age - size 2s fit her but she needed the 3s for capacity . Even though they 're a little large , these diapers do n't leak and are easy for her to move in . Also , they are soft and absorbent . I highly recommend them .
 She is learning to crawl and these stay in place with her , no leaks -LRB- so far anyway -RRB- . Only problem is she has figured out how to unfasten the velcro tabs
 I always liked Pampers for my baby until I discovered that the Huggies Supreme diapers hold way more than any other diaper . I do n't like to change my 4 month old in the middle of the night if I do n't have to , if he does n't wake , I am not waking him.I was using Pampers Baby Dry and Swaddlers , and he was waking up every morning wet from the diapers leaking . I was still using diapers from my baby shower , and had opened a bag of the Huggies Supreme to try and I started noticing that he was n't leaking out of him diapers through the night . I was so pleased that I took all my other diapers back and bought Supremes.I must say that I do n't really care for the regular Huggies diapers . I think they are stiff and bulky and just somehow seem uncomfortable .
 I have a baby with very chunky thighs , and these diapers fit her the best out of all I 've tried . She 's also prone to `` diaper explosions '' and while no diaper can totally prevent that , I 've found that since using these diapers the need for emergency baths after a diaper change has been greatly reduced.I also like that these diapers are unscented . I personally ca n't stand the odor of the scented diapers.With the Subscription program through amazon , you get the most expensive diapers for the best price that I 've found anywhere .
 I have used these for my son and daughter . They never leak . They are simply the best diapers out there . I have also purchased these for friends and family members who are expecting .
 the design of these diapers conform to our child 's active lifestyle . i 'm not a big fan of their securing tabs , which do n't have as much stretch as Pampers for that snug-tight fit . these do n't leak out the sides or back but rather when they reach a certain saturation point , the whole of the diaper feels like a damp cloth . we noticed this when used overnight , so we now use a different diaper for overnight use .
 Switched to these for my 6-month old after the whole `` dry-max '' scare . They have been excellent . They hold a lot of pee without leaking since my baby now sleeps 12 hours straight . I highly recommend these diapers .
 I love these diapers . They move with my daughter - and trust me - she 's a mover . They have never leaked on me , even through an early to bed late to rise sleep . It was sure full , but never leaked .
 Every month , I buy diapers for my grandson . Him mom says she really likes these diapers . They fit him well and she has not experienced any leaks .
 For my son , we were fans of Pampers Cruisers , but this time around , with a girl , Huggies Supreme Natural Fit seems to work better . We did buy the regular Huggies from Costco once but I did not find it as soft or absorbent as the Natural Fit version . Since it 's a hassle to lug a big box of diapers home from the grocery store , I decided to get it delivered monthly from Amazon . Wow , what a time and cost savings !
 Swaddlers by pampers were excellent . However when my 4 month old graduated to size 3 , I ordered cruisers and just half way thru the box she had developed very very bad rashes . I read the reviews on huggies and found that many other people have had the same experience . Its just two days since I have started using Huggies and the rashes have alreay gone .
 I love the Huggie 's Supreme fit . I have stuck with Huggies supreme since my son was born and even when they gave me free samples of other diapers to try out , I still used Huggies . I do n't trust anything else other than this brand . I think they are perfect for my son !
 I love these diapers and highly recommend them . I have never bought diapers online and was a little leary but , they were shipped fast -LRB- in original box -RRB- and I had no problems . :-RRB- I think it 's worth it to pay a little more for GOOD diapers . So , buy a box and try them , chances are you will love them .
 my daugther would suffer with frequent diaper rash until we switched to Huggies Supreme Natural Fit , she is now rash free and very comfortable , I have tried different brands for her and feel that Huggies Supreme Natural Fit is super absorbent .
 I 've had my share of diapers to change , after trying nearly every brand known to mankind , I have settled on these ! The `` Natural fit '' shape is awesome !!! I have my infant daughter & 2yo in these , and they both fit into them really well !! No saggy , droppy diaper , and have n't had any problems with leaks ! I love that all of Huggies diapers STRETCH , so they never leave red marks when the baby moves !
 i have had 3 kids and still love huggies . especially for boys . i have also purchased some packages that had a few bad diapers -LRB- tabs came off -RRB- and wrote huggies an email and recieved a $ 20.00 coupon so quickly . the diapers are great , and so is the customer service !
 My wife and I have tried many brands - from the generic store brands to the popular big-name brands as well ; no other diaper comes close to comparison with Huggies Supreme/Natural Fit diapers . They are the ` Lexus ' of diapers ...
 Huggies Supreme are by far the best Huggies out there . We tried Snug and Dry but they were n't very soft and my son was always soaking in the morning . I actually love Pampers more because they are even softer than Supreme but my son is allergic to something in them . These are great for kids with allergies and eczema .
 My grandson lives in another state and I send diapers to him every month . These are the best diapers for the money . No problems with leaky diapers .
 For both of my boys I have used Huggies Supreme . No Leaks , I tried others and they ended up leaking . Both of my boys were on the large side in length and weight . I am not sure if that makes a difference or not .
 We have twins , and therefore have twice the diaper changing experience . We tried everything type of diaper that was give to us as gifts or that we purchased , but we liked the Natural Fit best . I used them sinze size 2 , and now buy them in size 3 and 4 . We do n't have to worry about them leaking ever , we have come to rely on them . They are easy to put on and remove with the belcro wings .
 I began to buy these because you can subscribe to them and never have to remember to buy more they just show up . Then the price was not all that bad either . Also if you subscribe to them through amazon you get free shipping and a discount on the products . Now I try to find things that I normally buy every month and subscribe to them so that cuts time off my shopping and FREE SHIPPING .
 These diapers work really well for my son . I tried pampers previously , but found that the huggies supremes fit my son much better . Also , really like that these diapers do n't have a strong fragrance .
 My daughter is on the small side and Huggies Supreme fits her very well . We used Pampers Cruisers for a while but they would breakdown after wearing them for 12 hours -LRB- over the night -RRB- and leave little white pieces of fabric all over her . While I like Pampers , I think Huggies Supreme are better in this case .
 My daughter is 14 mo old , small for her age and has been walking since the 11 mo. . We have used pampers since birth , but were finding them not fitting as well lately with her mobility . I like these because the fit her petite frame and really are thinner and the middle and just like the pampers , have not had a single leak . I highly reccommend these diapers .
 I love this diaper , especially with auto delivery from Amazon , the price is amazing and shipping is free ! My son is 7 months old , and he is a big baby . This diaper fit him comfortably .
 beautiful , durable , do n't let the other one sale you . If you spend your money on a stroller this one is a way to go!we love it , we have it for 3 years now and very please .
 I have been using this stroller everyday for over a year now . The reason I bought this is because I wanted a stroller with a basinet so that my new born would be comfortable lying completely flat and I wo n't have to worry about strapping her in for the first couple of month.The basinet was very useful and comfortable and I have absolutely no complaints about it.The great thing about the seat is that you can easily switch it from rear to forward facing . Which I do every once in a while depending on how my daughter likes it.The only complaint I have about the seat is that it seems a bit hard and too reclined even in the upright most position . My daughter always looks half reclined when her back leans on the seat . But they have redesigned the seat in the 2007 model -LRB- I have the 2006 -RRB- so do n't know how the new one works.The diaper bag is very useful especially that it clips to the stroller . It is the only one I have used and it has enough room for my needs . The storage basket is also very big and always accessible.I have removed and washed the fabric a few times and it cleans well.The air pump is a pain to use as it does not fit the wheels easily but I only use every 4 month or so.The umbrella I also find useless and have only used it once.The foot muff served us great during the winter month . Much more convenient that wrapping your baby up in some blanket.Overall it 's a good stroller and not that expensive when you consider all the accessories that come with it .
 My DD is now 15mths and I have used this since she was born.I LOVE it . Yes its heavy but its not really designed for living in manhattan , that is why the bugaboo is so popular . This is built more for the burbs where I live , its great on the roads and has so many functions , I used the bassinet when she was little as well as the car seat attachment , then I used the stroller part facing me and now she is older I have her facing out . My DD loves it and we get stopped everywhere we go with people especially bugaboo owners asking us where we got it ... I really really love it and would highly recommend it but not for city living .
 This stroller add-on has been worth it to me so far . I 've had it for a couple months , and it seems to be well made and keeps my 4 year old from kicking the 1 year old out of the stroller so I have to carry the 1 year old . I like it better than the bucky board or kiddie board options because I do n't have to shorten my stride to keep from stepping on it when I push the stroller . The down side of it seems to be that my taller than average 4 year old has to turn his head to one side when we make a turn in the direction it 's attached to , to keep the stroller handle from hitting his head . He does n't mind though . And it 's one more piece of equipment to keep in my trunk . But if I have only one kid with me I do n't have to hook it up and that 's convenient .
 I bought this for a friend who has a two and four year old with newborn twins . The two and four year old both love the ride along behind the twins . It is well made and attaches and detaches easily . It is especially helpful for the two year old to keep her `` with the group '' . The only bad thing is it does not have a strap to keep her on it and it is dangerous for her to get off whenever she wants -LRB- she is very active -RRB- . It can be taken off easily when the stoller is folded for the car .
 I purchased this after trying 2 different buddy board-style riders . They were so awkward , our ankles took a beating and the children still had to stand when little legs were tired . This is so much easier to use and fun ! We get comments wherever we go . The two older boys -LRB- grandsons -RRB- take turns on the StrolliRider that we have fondly nic-named ` The Hitchhiker ' while the baby rides happily . They all love it and it sure saves everyone 's back from aching ! It trails along with no trouble , taking corners smoothly and leaving our ankles alone . I just ca n't recommend this highly enough . You will love it hands down , and your children will too . In fact , I 'm thinking about getting another one for the other side of the stroller since 2 new -LRB- grand -RRB- babies will soon be joining our family .
 Being a Dad I love cool stuff and this bike is beyond cool . I used to dread going to the mall with my 2 year old son and our new baby as my son always wanted carrying . But now he has a cool bike to ride and he loves it . I get stopped all the time by other parents asking me where I got it from and if they do n't stop me I can hear them talking as I go by . This is a great piece of gear for any parent of a toddler and infant and I would recommend it with no hesitation .
 This attachment is the greatest for a toddler who is n't keen on riding in the stroller anymore ! It comes with 10 adaptors to fit square/oval/round framed strollers and the handlebar/footbar are adjustable so you can mark exactly where your little one will be most comfy . The seat only adjusts to two fixed positions . It fit my Bugaboo Chameleon WITHOUT any adaptor fit plate , though the company does not recommend doing this unless it is secure . Mine did not move from where I had `` locked '' it , so it was fine.Yes , like others have said , you will get a lot of `` where 'd you get that '' and admiring looks . It is also easy to take on/off , and therefore perfect even for a short trip to the mall or walking around a park.FYI , since these are n't available on Amazon anymore -LRB- or any other US website -RRB- , check ebay . I found mine there !
 There is a price to having something so extremely cool and innovative , and that price is attention . No matter where you go , people notice the Strolli Rider and make comments . My four year old absolutely loves it , and my wife is all too happy to be done with the bulky double-stroller . The rider attaches to the stroller in a matter of seconds , and disconnects just as easily . The rider is almost always out of the way , so you do n't have to do any special short-step walk to avoid bumping into it like a buggy board . The height is a little low , but that keeps my kids head beneath the stroller handles on hard turns . There are many connector sizes for different strollers , but try and make sure that you have an exposed vertical pole about 25 '' up on the back of your stroller so that it has somewhere to connect.Warning - you ca n't blend in with the crowd when using this product . Children , parents , and just about everyone notices it and makes a comment . This is not for the anti-social parent !!!
 Our family has had the strolli rider for about 3 weeks and we are in love with it ! Our three year old was not interested in riding in the stroller until we adopted our second daughter ! We did n't want to get a traditional double stroller for so many reasons , firstly cost , secondly the sheer bulk aspect and thirdly ... well , lets just say it would be Murphys Law to buy one only to have our three year old tell us she is no longer interested in riding in the stroller ! The sit and stand strollers are much larger than I had hoped and the buggyboards were n't ideal.Then we saw this ... it was easy to insert the coupling for the type of stroller posts -LRB- it comes with assorted shapes for different strollers -RRB- , and it takes less than 30 seconds to put on and take off ... my daughter LOVES it and calls it her `` mountain bike '' . The only caveat is that people will stop you wherever you go and ask where you got it!You can fold down our stroller with it attached , but we tend to take it off and on because it 's so easy . I 'm larger build and still dont feel like I need to walk off center to the stoller.Overall one of the best products on the market !
 We bought this for travel to Guatemala when picking up our 14 month old adopted son . We were leaving without a baby and coming home with one ! I wanted to check the umbrella stroller on the way down and this seemed like it would do a good job of keeping it from getting too beat up and it did . Even with the extended handles we added on to our stroller , it fit with plenty of room in the bag . One small issue I had was that in the picture it seems like it has hard or formed sides and it is actually soft like a duffel bag . It is extremely durable and I am sure it would last many trips . One other issue is I am not sure if you would need it if you were traveling with your child . You can easily gate check your stroller and have it waiting for you when you get off the plane , so with the exception of my unique circumstance , I 'm not sure I would use it again .
 I am writing a review on the bag I got -LRB- Sunshine Kids -RRB- , and not the Diono brand . I looked into it , and Diono is the new name for Sunshine Kids , so apparently it is the same . My bag has a white Sunshine Kids logo on the bag , not the red Diono logo , as the picture shows.This bag is really great quality . I have a Jeep umbrella stroller and it is absolutely swimming in this bag ; there is plenty of room in this bag . We were able to fit much more than just the stroller in that bag during travel . It also can also be used to carry a Pack 'N' Play with tons of room to spare . It protected my stroller very well as luggage and is very comfortable to carry.Note
 I purchased this bag last minute as the zipper in the one that came with my Chicco broke as I was packing it for our trip . This one easily fit our Chicco or the Maclaren . What I really loved is that there was extra room so the zipper is not strained and there was even room to stash our souvenirs on the way home . Held up well as a checked bag . Material good quality .
 This is my third travel bag and I think this might be my last ! The two that I owned previously ripped after a few flights , this one has made it through ten flights without any damage . I love that this bag has a shoulder strap , makes it easy to carry the bag down the jetway while carrying my toddler . I also like that this bag is not padded . It easily folds up and stores well . Would highly recommend this bag .
 It is very good and practical , but it 's too big for a stroller standard . So you have to take that into account , otherwise I recommend it .
 Bought this to store my son 's pack-n-play for our trip . It fits with room to spare . It seems durable enough for baggage check .
 My son carries this blanket everywhere . . It 's still just as soft as the day we got it .
 This stroller gave us freedom , believe it or not . After our baby started rolling over at around 2-1/2 months , she refused to sleep in her car seat . So we were stuck at the house at her bedtime for most of the summer . I recently purchased this , and the bassinet has helped us reclaim our social life . This past weekend , we went out successfully for the first time all summer without a meltdown . We hooked up the bassinet and she went right to bed . She loves the seat part of the stroller too . Now , I do n't have to plan my long walks around the sun schedule . I just flip the seat around so she is facing away from the sun . She also used to hate the bumps in the sidewalk and street and scream every time we hit a bump . Now , she does n't complain at all . I love the ease of the seat positioning too . With my old stroller , the mechanism would constantly get stuck . The mechanics of this stroller are awesome . The only thing that bugs me is my diaper bag does n't fit on the bars . But I guess that 's a good thing , because I have the bag underneath and it forces me to pare down . My husbands comment at the end of the long weekend ... `` I do n't care what you paid for it , it was worth every penny ! '' My only regret is that we did n't buy this sooner ! We would have saved money on accessories and a full sized bassinet .
 About a year or so ago , my wife bought a Bugaboo Frog Stroller -LRB- sand color -RRB- for our presently two-year-old boy . She said it was the kind that the stars used . Well , it was rather expensive , I must say . She said it created `` stroller envy '' when she showed up among all those people with $ 25 strollers . Well , it does seem to get a lot of notice.It 's a good stroller . The design is thoughtful and it 's well built . The baby can be carried in a wide variety of positions . . It has a nice hood cover and we added a helpful carrying pouch under the main part of the stroller that is useful for changing stuff , toys and what not all . All in all , we 've been very satisfied with the stroller except for one little design flaw.The smaller front wheels are a problem . They struggle to get over even small irregularities or bumps . Going over a one inch `` step '' in a sidewalk can present difficulties , and it 's really annoying . The stroller is difficult to push across anything but an absolutely flat surface . If the surface is tilted , the stroller has a strong tendency to slant in the downhill direction and has to be constantly corrected . Of course , we can turn the stroller around and lead with the big back wheels , if we want to . Our other stroller , which is designed for running , rolls over such minor obstacles with little or no problem . Using the Bugaboo is a problem on anything except a horizontal surface . . In any case , we 're rather satisfied with the stroller , but they really ought to put more engineering effort into the front -LRB- small -RRB- wheels design and assembly.Gary Peterson
 We love this stroller . Originally owned a Baby Trend Jogger stroller , bulky and heavy , not the kind you need to haul everywhere you go . The bugaboo is great , easy to handle and assemble .
 I do n't understand why these do n't work for other reviewers ... I loved my first one so much that I bought a second . I store them in the freezer and when I need to talk a cold bottle somewhere they keep it cold for about 4 hours as they advertise . It is a good size to fit an Advent 9oz bottle or my Gerber sippy cups . And I like having two single ones rather than a double so I do n't have to take up more room in the diaper bag than I need .
 I really like the playtex fridge-to-go single bottle holder . I have it and it 's larger partner . I love them both . I leave them stored in the freezer and when I need to grab them they are ready to go without the hassle of wet ice packs . They save me and my diaper bag from condensation that melts off of ice packs . The single holder will not keep my daughter 's bottles cool all day , but that 's not what its intended to do ... her bottles remain cool for about 4 hours ... long enough to run a few errands . If I know I will be out longer I take my larger fridge-to-go carrier . I will definately continue to use both ... great and convenient design .
 This has been great on long trips . Keeps milk cold for many hours . I use Avent bottles and they fit well .
 I freeze a water bottle and place it inside the Fridge to go and it helps keep me endure this inferno summer heat . If I intend to drink the water , then I freeze the Fridge to Go and put in a chilled bottle to sip all day . Only wish it was just a bit larger to fit a liter size bottle !
 I used this cooler previously with my 3 year old son and now bought another one for my 1 year old who has now switched to regular milk from formula . It is very convenient and it can be clipped onto the diaper bag or can be slid into a bottle holder within your diaper bag . I always keep it in the freezer when I am not using it so that it 's ready to go whenever I need it .
 This works great I love it for short outings . The only down fall is having to put the whole thing in the freezer , instead of just the ice packs . I also have to Platex Two bottle one . This one stays cooler longer as the ice packs ar much bigger . Better for longer trips out .
 This was perfect for quick outings where we just needed to take one bottle of milk with us . . very happy with this purchase !
 I would recommend this product because it keeps bottles cold -LRB- as its supposed to -RRB- for hours , simple to use , decently priced , and is multi functional . I have used these PLAYTEX FRIDGE - TO-GO Bottle Holder coolers for baby bottles and we continue to use them for her `` big girl '' FOOGOO thermos straw bottles . I do wish there was an ice pack on the top as well ; especially when traveling with milk-as a mom I would feel even more at ease knowing the milk was at fridge like temperature ! I have purchased the PLAYTEX FRIDGE-TO-GO Bottle Holder for `` mommie 's '' water bottle , too-keeps my water cold and my `` bottle '' scratch free !
 FANTASTIC product ! I buy this for all my new mother friends . I use Playtex Drop In bottles and it 's perfect . The older saucer lids fit better , but the bubble lid works too -LRB- a little snug -RRB- . I use this for running errands and all excursions -LRB- state fair , 3 mile walk -RRB- . I do n't like using ice paks -LRB- slimy -RRB- and love that the cooler disk in sewn into the bottle and not accessable . You basically put the entire cooler into the freezer and pop in a bottle before you leave . The strap has a little velcro on it so you can secure it to your stroller/shopping cart . I 've gone on long trips with this -LRB- four hours -RRB- and the milk was still very cold . I 've left it in the car in the intense San Antonio summer heat , and it was still cold .
 This is great for keeping milk or water cold for toddlers , too . The Kleen Kanteen and Nalgene sippy cups slide in easily since they are cylindrical -LRB- not flared , like other sippies -RRB- . It 's been great to have on hot days when we 'll be out for a while . I just keep it in the freezer and then it 's ready to go when we are . I only wish it had coolant in the sides , not just the bottom , since that would boost the performance . But it 's good for a few hours .
 This is a lifesaver ... better than taking fezzer packs and using a regular thermal bag ... just take this and put in the freezer and grab and go ... keeps the bottles cold all day when I am out ... Highly recommend this ...
 Tiddliwinks Girl Flower Fitted Sheet is 100 % cotton and comfortable . We have for than one year and the designs and colors are good yet . I could recomend to everyone for the bedroom of her little baby .
 My husband was very proud that I let him choose the theme for our new baby room and proceded to choose the Peek A Pooh . We have the entire line on our registry and absolutely love it - especially the wall border . After reading previous reviews for the wall border , we picked up touch-up glue just in case , but have not needed it several weeks later . We used hot water spread fairly heavy on the border and that worked great . We also had a hard time matching the blue and green exactly for paint and decided to paint the top half of the room green and the bottom half blue so the color difference is n't noticeable - it looks really cute .
 I love this border , it is very cute . However , I needed wall paper glue the get it to stick . The instructions only called for warm water . Now , a few months later , some of the edging is coming loose .
 The border looks fantstic on the walls . All our relatives loved it and said how professional it looked . We did buy roll on glueto make sure it stuck to the walls , rather than wetting it and hoping it would last . It was so easy to apply . I enjoyed decorating my granddaughters nursery and I would recommend this border to any one who was using the Winnie the Pooh theme .
 The border was so easy to put up , but you will need an extra set of hands . It looks great to break the wall in half , as we pulled the green , yellow , and blue out of the bedding to paint the walls , and ceiling .
 We had no problems putting up the border and it looks great . You just need to make sure to wet the border enough and there is no need for extra glue . We painted the walls an apricot color and that goes very well with the border .
 I recently painted and put up the peek-a-pooh border . I am very pleased with the border however , I will say I had difficulties matching up the green color . I painted a two-tone color , blue on the top portion of the wall and green on the bottom using the border as a chair-rail . I love it !
 After reading the other reviews , I decided to purchase the wallpaper paste as well . The border paper with paste works great , and looks beautiful in the nursery .
 This wall border is beautiful . Goes with either a boy or girl 's room . This can be found at Babies R Us in store but it runs out fast , I know ... you can always ask if they have some in the back .
 I just read the other reviews for this product , and I had to write my own . We just put up this border this weekend , and did not have any problems . We did not follow the installation directions on the package -- we used a water spray bottle , and put it up a few feet at a time . There is TONS of glue on this product , so there were no worries about it sticking . We also used a smoother to get rid of the bubbles and excess glue . It was very easy and we did the entire room in about an hour . We put it up on a blue wall , and it is adorable ! I highly recommend this product , especially if you are buying the other items in this collection .
 This border looks adorable once it 's hung , but it is a bit of a pain in the neck getting there . Make sure you fully saturate the border with water or it will not stick and you will be left with gaping holes on your wall where the glue was not activated . They do look great , however , once you get them up .
 My husband and I bought the comforter set that goes with this border . We love the border so we painted the nursery pink and yellow which we matched to the border . The problem was when we put up the wall border it had glue running down the paint and it fell down an hour later . We followed the directions so I am not sure what went wrong . We were able to buy a wallpaper paste and get it on the wall the next day . However , my husband had to paint the bottom of the wall again to cover the glue marks left on the wall.We love the way the border looks so I gave it five stars . However , if we were doing it again we would have just used wallpaper paste to start with instead of the messy glue that came on it . We are excited about how cute our daughters room looks with the Winnie the Pooh set though .
 Very cute pattern , goes with pretty much all of the other Pooh stuff and looks very cute !!
 I bought this border to put up in my nursery and got it up successfully in about 1 hour and 1/2 . I was surprised to read that some people on here could n't get it to stay up . There is plenty of paste on the back , you just have to activate it.You will need
 You really need to have some extras of these on hand , in case during a cleaning one of these tears .
 I needed these only because I always seem to drop mine down the sink . They work great with my pump and I have never had a problem with them tearing or breaking .
 My membranes had cracks in them , now my pump is back to tip top shape . : DThank You Amazon .
 They make the best pumps and these replacement membranes are a must have if you lose them . The pump wo n't work without them so keep some handy . My wife loves the hospital grade pump , which we rent for about $ 60 month . Well worth it if you want your baby to be breastfeed .
 Replacement for my Medela pump . After so much use these little things crack and break . Perfect that I can just buy these little membranes and not the entire end .
 Thankfully i got some new ones as there is n't anyone who sells them here in my area so its nice !!
 The membranes arrived quickly which was great . Since there are 6 membranes included in the pack I do n't have to worry about accidentally loosing one . I had read some reviews about the suction of the pump improving after changing the membranes and I also found this to be true .
 These are replacement parts for the memranes that come with your Medela pump . It 's recommended that with everyday use you replace your membranes every 3 months or so . The membranes wear out , get tiny tears , and warp so they do n't make a complete seal .
 I 've been using a Medela pump for 7 months and am sooo thankful I bought these back up membranes . I 've had to replacement after a few months - the disassembling and reassembling can cause them to tear after frequent washing . I did n't have to worry about a broken pump with these backup parts on hand .
 These are a must have for your Medela breastpump . When you purchase your pump , buy an extra pack of these . They last a long time , however , when they do tear , you need a replacement , ASAP !
 This is a good product and you ca n't pump without it . The life of these membranes is a lot longer if you do n't pull on them to get them disconnected from the yellow valve . Instead , try pushing them out from the yellow valve by pressing on the little knob inside with your fingertip . My first set of membranes lasted less than a month because I was constantly pulling on them to get them disconnected . My new set has been going strong for over 2 months now with no signs of wear and tear since I 've been pushing them out .
 I used the Medela Pump with my first child for about 5 months . The membranes were starting to get cracks and it was difficult to take/pull them off because I was afraid that they would come off in pieces . I was relieved to find that it was so easy to order replacements . The replacements arrived promptly , although I wish the shipping was less expensive . As it is , I paid more in shipping than for the membranes . The package contained 6 membranes , so those will last us a while .
 You have to have these replaced every 1-2 months depending on how often you pump . Every 6-8 weeks I feel as if my milk production has reduced - but then I stop and ask myself `` when was the last time I changed the membranes ? '' and a-ha ! Once I change the membranes - the production is back to normal . SO it is not you , it is the suction that reduces . To the human eye , they do n't look worn out after 2 months , and you do n't stop to think about it . But something about their strength vs. elasticity that makes the difference .
 This produce is great . Best breast pump ever , I use it all the time . HOWEVER , this item was shipped to me by RYMATT WELLNESS LLC and there was postage DUE !!! Try not to use this company .
 wife 's pump wasnt working as well as it did when brand new and we found very tiny tears in the membranes . Replaced them and good as new ! For those complaining about price -- remember that breast milk is cheaper than formula !!!
 Medela is the best and these membranes are perfect . Easy to replace and keep my pump running like new . Of course I 'd get them again .
 Just what I needed ! I was so glad to find this pack because I did not want to have to buy more valves just to get more membranes .
 If you are breastfeeding you will need to pump to be able to leave the baby in someone else 's care . You must buy a lot of these membranes . They are tiny and sometimes fall apart . This is my third pack in less than one year . But , thinking about the money i am saving on formula i happily bought more membranes .
 My original membranes lasted 6 + months with high usage . We 're talking 3-4x per day . I knew they would n't last forever so I purchased these for just such an occassion . I kept an extra set in my pumping bag in case one broke while I was at work . Well , they finally started tearing at the base of where you attach the membrane to the valve . I was glad I had spares on hand .
 i am using the same pump with the third child and all i 've had to replace are the membranes . good product .
 These little membranes are so easy to lose , I do n't know what I would do without this little replacement pack .
 Like the medella but they did n't seem to last long and lost suction pretty quick . I went through the whole set in just a couple months .
 I thought my Medela pump in style pump was loosing power -LRB- ie
 I ordered these for my wife . They replace the piece we accidentally threw away with it being so small . These came quickly and worked great .
 The membranes were exactly what I was looking for , after the ones that came with my pump wore out . They came exactly as pictured , in unopened packaging . Perfect replacements , and ca n't beat the price .
 These are exactly what I needed to allow my milk to be pumped . There was a tear in one of mine , so I ordered these , and they fixed my pump so I could give my expressed milk to baby : -RRB-
 OEM membranes work perfectly - and if you 're having problems with building or maintaining your milk supply or getting enough suction from your pump , try replacing these . HUGE difference IMO !
 Definitely keep a spare set of these with your pump ... The membranes are easy to lose or accidentally wash down the drain , but you ca n't pump without them . It is well worth the cost to keep some spares on-hand . I learned that the hard way .
 Ordered this item as a replacement . It was easy to find through Amazon and came quickly , best price as well .
 We purchased the replacement membranes due to standard wear and tear on the ones that came with the pump rental . We have had to order two packages over the course of six months .
 One thing I was always needing was the membranes for the Medela Pumps . The pumps are WONDERFUL - but ... . they wont work without the membrane!My other kids would always find them fascinating and somehow pull them off and lose them , or while washing the pump it would get lost ... these spares are wonderful !!!
 A little pricey for having to replace every three months , but if this is all I have to replace it is well worth it .
 These spare membranes are a must if you are using a breast pump . They are so small it 's easy to lose one , especially when cleaning all the breastpump and bottle parts . So buys extras . They do n't cost much and are worth it in terms of convenience .
 I 'm not sure why the pump does n't ship with extra membranes given their small size , but my wife was glad to find these online with fast shipping to get them in time for our long road trip . She said it saved her a lot of pain ... I 'll take her word for it .
 Good to have some extra membranes around since they 're small and easily misplaced , especially if you travel with your pump . These work as expected .
 If you use the Medela Breast bump do n't forget to buy these membrans as well , as the more you bump the more you will need to replace the membrane .
 It 's very useful have a spares of this membranes , because when you really need it , you do n't have time to go to buy one !!! arrived on time , good service .
 Honestly , there is not much to &#34; love &#34; here . These are the replacement membranes you need if you pump regularly . I pumped twice daily at work , so I went through several of these . The membranes may look okay to the eye , but it is the first thing I checked when my pump lost suction , and changing them out worked everytime .
 I bought these to replace my old ones and it was just as I expected . I did n't get a random ziploc bag like some other people seemed to . It came just as pictured . Boiled them before using , then just replaced the other ones . Perfect !
 These membranes ARE important if you have a Pump in Style Advanced . One ripped on me and I did n't know it - I had a horrible pumping session and finally figured out that the membrane was ripped . From cleaning and daily use , these membranes hold up well , but will occasionally fail.I pumped multiple times a day for 4 months before one failed and decided to change both membranes out just to get a stronger suction . I recommend every pumping mom buy an extra set to have in their bags for when you need them .
 It 's good for the price I paid . I did n't have time to go to the store , so it was convenient to order online . Also one babiesrus store I usually go to was out of this product .
 These tiny pieces are so easy to lose in the sink , it 's great to have a pack of replacements around .
 This is the product that I needed ! Have to have it in order for pump to work , I had misplaced the ones provided with pump .
 it came in the original packaging , and it shipped the next day , and only took 4days to get here . So i didnt have to wait a long time to use my pump again . : -RRB-
 I bought these as extras and they give me peace of mind that I will never have a delay in using the breast pump .
 We bought a `` Medela Pump in Style Advanced Breast Pump '' 15 months ago . My wife used the pump daily for about 8 months . Now , my sister in law is using the pump since February . After a month of use , she told me that the pump was `` loosing power '' and that the membranes were broken . I bought the pack , my sister replaced the membranes , and the pump started to function as it was new .
 I needed some extra membranes for my pump . These did the trick . Although i 'm glad i do n't have the pump that was listed on the package . I would 've been mad if i got them in the mail and than they did n't fit ! I have the Pump in style advanced and they fit fine . I think its the freestyle that it says they do n't work with .
 I purchased these to have extra pieces and was glad I did ... they are a good price ... and a great product ... recommend these as a shower gift for any mom who plans on pumping
 My wife needed new membranes for her pump , so I got these . Showed up when they were supposed to and were in the factory package . We got exactly what we ordered . Thanks
 No one told me that I should have spare Membranes when I started pumping . But I think I bought 2 of these packs and used them all . You either lose one , or they rip pretty easily . So stock up on these . You are going to need a new one at the worst time . Be prepared .
 I am happy Medela makes a replacement pack but I hate the fact that I had to buy them in the first place because the ones I had fell apart . They are very flimsy and eventually they split in half or the tabs fall off . You have to use them or else the pump does n't work so be prepared to buy several of these if you plan on breastfeeding for awhile .
 I 'm glad its so easy to order these online . I 've been using the PISA pump for 4 months now and the membranes wear out easily . And you ca n't pump if the membrane has a cut or crack . So its vital to always have replacements on hand .
 Baby loves this teether . Nice to have something different from all of the other teethers out there . The nice thing is that when she no longer wants it to vibrate , she still has fun the with handle the spins . Great product and it has lasted despite being thrown all around .
 This has been a great product for my daughter , it helps her with the discomfort of her gums while teething .
 My daughter loves this teether so much ! It came working ! The teether also shipped fast ! I would recommend this to anyone : -RSB-
 This is one of my twin sons favorite teethers , but they are only six months old and right now it is too heavy for them to hold by themselves , so we have to sit and hold it in their mouths for them . This is not a huge deal , and I 'm sure in another month or so they will be able to manage , but I just wanted to let other parents know that this is not something you can just hand your baby . Having said that , when we do hold it for them , they love it and want to gnaw on it for at least 15 minutes or so . Also , it is different from other teethers in that when they are done using it , they do n't seem like they are still in pain and need to go gnaw on something else . They actually seem like they feel better , so we are able to give them less ibuprofen which I feel is really a good thing .
 I bought this for upcoming teething , and we still do n't seem to be there , but my baby just thinks this thing is good fun . She bites on it and the vibration cracks her up . That 's enough for me !
 My daughter is 71/2 months and has yet to start teething , but she still loves this toy . Not only does she like to bite down on the star to make it vibrate , but she works on her dexterity by spinning the piece on the handle . That little bit fascinates her for minutes -LRB- a long time in the world of a 7-month-old -RRB- . I 'm sure it 'll only become more valuable to us when her teeth actually start to come in .
 I ordered this product after reading many of the other reviews , and I 'm also pleased with this purchase . My daughter is 10-months-old and her first tooth just came through , and we 'd tried everything to soothe her gums
 This is the best teether toy out there . This toy was bought with my sisters two kids and she recommended it to me and now I recommend it to you .
 I bought this for my 2.5 year old with special needs , on the recommendation of her occupational therapist . It sooths her like nothing else . We put it in her mouth and she immediately relaxes and even falls asleep with it . Unfortunately , from all that use , they do n't even last a week in our house . I 'm still buying more .
 My little guy loves his star teether ! It 's great entertainment for him , and he likes the opposite spinning side too . It was easy to introduce to him , and easy to clean too !
 My son who is 7 months old loves this vibrating teether . I am not sure about some of the other reviews but the battery can be replaced easily and its very soft and durable . On the drive to daycare each morning all you hear is the vibration from it . Its also very easy to wash off and we have n't had any trouble with it .
 Our daughter loved this teether more than anything else . However it quickly quit working and since the batteries were not replaceable there was nothing we could do . The manufacturer says it will replace it with a store receipt , but it was a gift so no luck . Since then I 've tried several out in stores and none of them worked . Also , water does get into the toy when it is washed , which is a big drawback . Too bad , because our daughter really loved the vibrating action on her gums .
 My son has been teething for 3 months -LRB- he is 7 months old -RRB- and he got this teether from his mom-mom and pop-pop for Christmas and it has been a lifesaver . It took him a few days to get used to the vibration of the teether but now he loves it . It also makes a great toy for him !
 The teether just arrived for my ten month old who seems to be cutting his second tooth.He 's already figured out how to activate the vibration . It is soft , yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums . I think baby gives it 5 stars !!! There were contradictory reviews on whether the batteries were replaceable or not - the packing says they are NOT . So unless whoever said they were replaceable is just handier than the rest of us , they do not appear to be replaceable .
 We have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one , there are some differences though.This one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.This one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.Each point has a different texture -LRB- bumps , ridges -RRB- so there is some varianceThis one seems like it is easier to activateI will say that I do n't know if she favors one for the other . It seems like she uses them both about equally.She also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands , feet , cheeks etc. . We have had a lot of fun playing with it.It 's a great find and I wish I had come across it sooner .
 There is no record of a recall on this product on either the consumer products safety commission website or the manufacturer 's website .
 I got this for my son when he was about 8 months . he loved bitting it and he carry it all over the house . He is now 18 months and it still works plus he still bits on it too . I found it very easy to clean too .
 I highly recommend this teether for even a 2 and a half yr old who loves to chew.Wholesale Marketplace Direct delivers products fast and efficiently.Thanks !!
 At first my 7 month old could not initiate the vibrating on her own . However after only a day or two she figured it out and seems to enjoy it but still seems to prefer Sophie over anything else . Actually her favorite thing to chew on -LRB- she 's just now getting her first tooth -RRB- is my little coach wallet - I guess she likes the leather or something but she is quite obsessed with it ! This massaging teether does keep her busy in the car seat though .
 Worked well . Daughter loves chomping on it and making it vibrate . Was very impressed with this product . Will definitely enjoy it !
 My son loves this . It took him a few tries to get the hang of it but its real simple for him to use . When he bites it and it vibrates , he starts laughing and the tears disappear .
 Our teething baby absolutely loved loved this product and would seek it out to sooth his sore gums . Its lasted a year now with no issue or wear and tear .
 all three of my kids have had one of these teethers , and it 's been the favorite for all of them . i buy one for any expectant friend or family member . in our experience , the batteries last about a year & 1/2 .
 Even though my son has n't figured out how to use his hands I can hold this in his mouth were he is cutting the tooth and he will stop crying and smile at me .
 This was a favorite as soon as my son figured out that when he would bite it , it would vibrate . It either is really soothing or he just likes how it feels or something because hes 10mo old now and he still loves it ... ! Handle is great to put links around also to attach it to stroller or carseat !
 My 5-month old twins love to bite the heck out of this thing . They love the vibrating action of the star teething top . In fact , they love it so much we bought two of them ! The also like the little rattle piece at the bottom . I highly recommend this for any mother with a teething baby !
 I absolutely love this teether ! I have bought one for each one of my pregnancies and all of the babies love it . It is extremely cute to see their eyes light up the first time they are able to bite hard enough to make it vibrate . Very cute ! The only negative is the fact that once the batteries run out - game over . I ca n't seem to figure out where to change the battery if there is such an option .
 This is a good teether , it is not my daughters favorite but it is good to have a variety . She will usually use it for a minute or two and move on to something else .
 My sister actually bought this for her daughter who ended up not liking it . Once my -LRB- then 5 month old -RRB- got a hold of it it became hers . Now , 2 months later , it 's one of her favorite teether toys . I would have had to buy one of our own , if my sister had n't just given me hers .
 This is great , my son loves it and it 's pretty easy for him to hold he enjoys the vibrations when he chews on it .
 The teether is a good toy when used . If only they had one available in a more appealing color . My daughter likes colorful toys .
 My daughter is two months and loves this in her mouth . She seem to like the points and the softer rubber than theInfantino Vibrating Strawberry Teether . Also it requires less pressure to make vibrate . No she is not teething yet and no she can not make it vibrate yet . But if you pinch it for her , their are three different point surfaces and yes she has her favorite . If she is getting a bit cranky , there are times this will turn her back into all smiles . At this point , she seems to `` chew '' and vigorously suck on the points .
 Surprisingly it 's hard to find a teether that my son will actually use . This is hands down the best teether he owns because he actually uses it . It is the only teether that he will keep putting in his mouth and does n't get frustrated at . The teether gently vibrates once he chomps down on the rubber star . The other end of the teether has a spinning part that he loves to play with as well . Even though you ca n't wash it , you can easily wipe it down with a wet cloth/wipes . We 've had it for a month and with daily use , it 's still vibrating no problem .
 My 7 month old seems very pleased with this teether , he enjoys chewing on the handle as much as the part that vibrates
 We bought multiples of these , just so we 'd have them . It vibrates while our little 9-month-old bites on it ! He never took a pacifier , but this toy is the closest thing -- sometimes when he 's screaming , this toy is the only thing that 'll calm him down . So glad we found it . Definitely worth the money .
 I have only had this for a week ... . so as far as the battery life we 'll just have to see . But right now my 6 month old LOVES this !! She plays with it for hours , the vibrating is not super strong so it did n't scare her . I 'm going to order one for my godson ... when mommy 's find something that works it 's only fair to pass it along
 My son is 4 months old and can not quite get a hang of other teethers . Some of them you have to bend in a specific direction to make the vibration happen . This teether is great . They just bite down -LRB- naturally -RRB- and the vibration helps with the comfort . I love it !
 A friend of mine recommended getting a vibrating teether when my son was in a bad teething stage . He was trying to put EVERYTHING in his mouth and just was n't satisfied ; the coffee table , freezer handle , coasters ... you name it . I had actually never heard of this product , but I ordered it and he has loved it ! It was a quick fix , so whenever he started chewing on something he should n't , I gave him the star teether and he immediately was happy . It made me laugh hearing the vibrating sound coming from it , but he is very content with it . It was a great purchase .
 Our daughter is a big fan of this . This is n't her go to teether , but she happily chews on it when we give it to her . She did seem to appreciate it more as she got older -- closer to 12 months than 6 . This seems to be more of a novelty . She looks at us like wow , it 's vibrating ! She used Sophie the Giraffe more as a teether . We 've had it for 9 months now and have n't had battery issues , but then she only uses it occasionally .
 my 5mth old daughter really likes this teething toy . it has just the right amount of vibration and it triggered easily enough where she can activate it herself with little effort . i like that the 3 sides of the star have different ribbing so it feels different on her gums . great product for the money and a must have for a teething baby .
 We chose it for our 1yr old little boy and he loves it so much . It is very useful to calm him down
 I like this product a lot , but was very excited to receive it to apply on my 5 month old who is starting the whole teething process ... the product vibrates great , the colors are attractive to her , and as soon as she sees it its the first thing she wants to grab . However , its a little heavy for her and in order to make it vibrate I have to hold it because it requires more strength than her tiny mouth has at the moment . Hopefully as she becomes stronger she can use this product better . But overall I really like it .
 My daughter likes this one . She especially loves the rattle at the end and the vibrating motion . I believe this is for babies that are a little more older . I gave this to her when she was 4 months since she keeps on sticking items in her mouth .
 Great teether as it has a good texture , is easy to handle and massages the gums while baby is chewing on it .
 My daughter loves to chew on both ends of this teething aid . She also likes it because it has some weight to it and she can really throw it pretty far ! I would recommend this teething aid if you 're looking for a vibrating teether .
 My son likes it , but he still prefers his hand or other random things . Some people get more use out of it than others but it was worth the try . Do n't submerge it in water as it wills top working.Batteries last for a while .
 I got this as a shower gift but could not use it for awhile . The handle is kinda big and the chewing surface kinda wide . It also takes a lot of force to get it to vibrate and that took a while for my daugher to figure out , at first I had to hold down one of the corners for her while she chewed on the other . Once she got a little bigger it was a much better toy for her . But do n't get me wrong she loved it when she was itty bitty she just needed a little help from mommy .
 My son had this and ran out the battery , so buying this for my second child was a MUST ! We relied on teething tablets and this was right up there with keeping baby happy . My son liked both ends of the toy , to chew on or spin the deal on the end . Sometimes she does n't bit down hard enough but I 'm sure she 'll catch on . Definitely a recommended product to teething and non-teething babies ! My 2 year old plays with it sometimes . Good size , attaches to link-a-dos .
 I have two of these teethers and both see variable use as my little guy goes through teething spurts.In between , he actually likes sitting or kneeling on the star to get it to vibrate.But as soon as his gums start hurting , he goes straight for this toy.Also , it 's a smart packaging extra to have the ` free ring ' on top which clearly doubles for hanging purposes .
 My son loved this toy form the time he was teething until well after the time he got his teeth in . I plan on buying this for my daughter who is now 3 months even though she is not teething yet , she loves putting things in her mouth .
 Wow - I was sitting in a doctor 's office and just happened to find myself chatting in the waiting room with a pediatric teething specialist . She recommended a butterfly vibrating teether that I could n't find online , so I tried this one . My son loves it ! I was worried about him having to bite down really hard to start the vibrating/massaging action , but it seems to activate just perfectly . Love this !
 I have 3 boys , the youngest being 3 months . I have had this toy for each of them during their teething times and it 's downright magical . I just ordered a new one for my baby so I 'll have it when his teething woes start . This is a great gift for any infant or expectant mom .
 I love this teether and so does my 5 month old he loves the vibrating action and it is nice and solid . The only problem being that he tries to fit the whole star into his mouth , not that , that is a problem with the teether .
 One of my friends recommended this for me for my daughter when she was teething . It was the only thing that made her stop crying when she was teething and I tried everything imaginable . I had to hold it to make it vibrate because her mouth was n't strong enough but it made her so happy and cuddly that is far from a complaint . Have recommended it to lots of my friends and they all love it .
 Bought this based on the reviews . My daughter is an early teether at 3 months old . My only complaint is that she has a hard time activating the vibration by biting hard enough . This has allot to do with her age . I have to hold one of the corners for her to activate the vibration . She LOVES it , I only wish it had an on/off switch so I did n't have to hold it for her . She actually cries when I try to take it away from her .
 I 've bought several teethers and this i one of the best ones . The vibration helps ease the discomfort and the colors make it also very interesting .
 It took him a few days to figure out how to make it vibrate , but as soon as he did , he loved it !
 While i know the purpose is for teething . I use to to entertain my daughter , loves the rattle , loves to feel the vibrations , etc. .
 This is teether works great for my son who is teething . It 's easy for him to make it vibrate with the 3 individual ends of the star vibrate .
 I purchased one of these for my nephew a few years ago through Amazon and his Momma made a point to let me know that , out of all his teethers , this one was his favorite . So , I knew my 3-mo old granddaughter had to have one too . She refuses to put the thing down and puckers-up -LRB- tears and all -RRB- when we try to take it away from her . Very happy with the entire Amazon transaction !
 I ca n't begin to tell you how amazed I am by these diapers . They are easier than the disposables I was using - honest . That 's because they do n't leak . Ever . Not even when there 's a big big mess inside . They 're so absorbent that I 'm changing her less often not more . They also dry quicker than towels because of the smart design . Expensive , but oh so worth it ! Only downside is that the velcro could be designed a bit better , but since I have n't had a single pull in the wash or scratch on her , I ca n't exactly complain .
 Bulletproof ! Absorbant ! Fast Drying ! My only gripe is the lack of cute colors/prints w/Imse Vimse in general but man oh man is this dipe reliable ! I found my first at a discount outlet for $ 11 . I 'm kicking myself now for not ordering more then .
 I had this sent to my daughter , not only did she love it more than any other boopy that she has had , but at the hospital they were asking where she got it!Soft , and very versitile .
 I got 2 nursing pillows at my baby shower . One was the boppy and the other was the cozyme pillow which I 've never seen before . It was definitely better than the boppy b/c it kept Sam in place . She was n't able to slide down or off of the pillow . She loved watching her tapes and drinking her bottle when she was laying down and it was easier for me to use when breastfeeding .
 I love this pillow ! I had a Boppy for my older son , but over time it got flat and lost it 's fluff . The CozyMe is still full and puffy . The material is super soft too ! I would definately recommend it over the Boppy because it has the prop up and the wedge . My son loves it !
 This is a very versatile pillow . My baby likes to rest on the wedge after being fed . It reduces the times she throws up a lot.I also use it as a cushion when she is learning how to sit . However , the wedge is a bit small for her . I wish the company can make a longer wedge .
 I received the boppy for my baby shower but was kind of disappointed as it was n't very flexible and my son did n't like it for tummy time . The cozy-me is a great alternative ! The cozy-me select is made of soft flannel and very versatile . I like it to prop my son up and for tummy time . The wedge portion is high enough to help my son who has reflux . It also folds pretty easily so it takes up less room . It takes some practice to nurse with it . It is made in the U.S.A. as well . Highly recommended .
 This is a unique gift for every mother-to-be . And all the varieties in the different prints make it even easier to find the fitting one for the person you want to surprise with this cozy pillows . My friend did n't want to know the sex of her baby so things to get her for her shower were getting difficult to find since everything is pretty much pink or blue ... so these different prints made it easy for me to chose one pillow set for her . A perfect memorable and useful -LRB- ! -RRB- gift !
 These were bought for convinence of wash the nipples and other bottle parts . Great product !
 I bought this because I always have little parts and pieces that I want to clean in the dishwasher . This little basket would probably sell better if there was a side view . There are 2 chambers to this basket and you can use them seperately or together . I love it .
 I must say I am absolutely in love with this milk storage system . I am heading back to work so I need to pump lots of milk . I , like so many others , started using the lid too and was contemplating buying another set when my eyes caught a just finished 12pack carton of Pepsi ! It was my ` eureka ' moment ! I cut the lid off the carton -LRB- essentially cutting it in half length-wise -RRB- and voil&agrave; ... another nice little container for my milk and for free :-RRB- I simply freeze them flat with this system then transfer to the carton ... works great !
 I have purchsed this product and was afraid that the milk bags wo n't fit , as this is what I read on the other reviews , I use the lansinoh milk bags and they fit perfectly . I used both the bottom and the cover to store milk , I just ordered another one . Its a relief to have it because it saves so much space in the freezer and keeps milk organized
 i love this and it works great with lansinoh bags . it makes taking the bags out and warming pretty easy also it does not take up too much space . some told me just to use an ice tray but you would still have to lay the bag flat in the freezer to freeze then later put it in the tray ... this does it for you .
 Space is a premium in my household . I knew I would need something to help keep the breast milk organized and stumbled across this product . And it worked beautifully ! I actually used the lid in the fridge to hold storage bottles . It holds about 8 or 9 medela storage bottles at a time ... It kept all the bottles together and from getting lost in the fridge . I used the bottom portion to actually put bags in the freezer . I had no problems with this and I used the lansinoh bags . It helped keep everything organized and again , from the bags being lost under the frozen peas ! ha ! ;-RRB- I have recommended this to other new moms to use and do no regret buying this at all !
 This caddy fits my Medela pump/store bags perfectly and saves a ton of space in the freezer . The spring action gets the bags nice and flat and uniformly sized . A winner !
 I did n't think this item would make a big impression , but it has proven to be a really great way to save space in our freezer . I exclusively breastfeed but I have been pumping a few ounces each day since our son was about three weeks old . I use Medela and Gerber bags and both fit in the container . I freeze 1-3 ounces in each bag . I love the way the container squeezes the bags so that they freeze flat . I have about 20 Medela and 10 Gerber bags in the container and I still have about 1/3 of space left . The Gerber bags are slightly taller but still fit in the container with the lid on . If you are considering buying this item , but are n't sure , I would say go for it . I did n't think it would make a big difference , but it has because it is n't just a storage container , it is also a great way to initially freeze the bags flat .
 This organizer worked really well for me . I was able to store more milk for when I returned to work . I would recommend this product to any nursing mother , who is going to return to work and still wants to feed their baby breast milk .
 This little organizer is just right . Breast milk bags fit in it perfectly , so it 's no bigger than it needs to be . The organizers can also be stacked if you want more than one . The best part , and what makes it different than just some random storage container , is the springy thing inside that squishes the bags so they freeze flat -- much quicker to thaw that way !
 Its slim enough to fit nicely in an avg freezer without taking up alot of room . I also like the way it freezes milk for easy storage .
 I have the whole First Years product line and have really been satisfied with them all . I got this product and have really been impressed with how well it has worked ! I 've used multiple different storage bag brands , though I prefer the breastflow ones since they stand up better when full , and have never had a problem with any of them leaking or tearing -LRB- as another reviewer said -RRB- . I really like the extra piece inside that helps hold the bags up and keeps them from falling over . It also helps the milk to freeze evenly inside the bag so they lie flat . Great product !
 Struggled with odd shaped frozen bags and leaking bags through my first child . When my daughter was born i decided to try this at it is AMAZING !!! it freezes the bags flat nicely and can store a lot of them . We 've had NO leaking bags at all -LRB- using the same brand as before -RRB- and i like that it has a lid to keep potential jakkie fridge stuff out . It does take up a lot of room and we have to place it sideways and kind of jam it to fit in our side-by-side freezer/fridge .
 Saw this handy devise when watching a youtube video on storing breast milk . I can freeze several bags at once and keep them all flat without waisting freezer space . Freezing flat makes thawing out much faster . Also helps me keep them in chronological order . My sister who has two kids said she wished she had know about this when she was breast feeding ; - -RRB-
 This is a must for mother 's storing breast milk . Works great with lanisoh storage bags . I am planning to go back to work in a couple of months so I freeze about 5 oz per day upright in this container . Does n't take up a bunch of room in the freezer and keeps all of the milk organized . An absolute must !
 This flattens the bags as you freeze them , so they take up less space in the fridge , great if you 're trying to built up inventory to go back to work or on a trip . The lid works as a storage bin if your freezer -LRB- like mine -RRB- is too small to use it as a lid .
 I wanted somewhere to put my bags of milk so they would take up less room and not constantly fall over . This system works great ! I have n't had any problem with bags tearing as I saw in other reviews . I use Lansinoh bags and they fit just fine , in fact I think they fit better than the sample bags they sent with the organizer . It 's not difficult to work with , even first thing in the morning when I pump and am a little sleepy :-RRB- The only thing I wish it would do is have the lid fit tighter , actually lock in place a bit . The lid just sort of sits on top . But , it 's really not that big of a deal . Overall , a great storage solution . I highly recommend it !!!!
 I would have given this 5 stars had it not been for the cover that does n't stay closed properly . Its not an issue though since eventually I 'll probably be using the lid to keep the bags that have already been frozen . Simple and practical product , it flattens the milk bags while the milk freezes so you end up with flat frozen milk bags rendering for more bags to fit in freezer . .
 I heard about this from a friend and she 's right - it 's a great product ! It is a wonderful option to keep the milk protected and centrally visible . It takes up minimal space on the top shelf of my traditional refrigerator , but it 's just my daughter and me . I wish it were compatible with more storage bags -LRB- I prefer Lansinoh and was n't a fan of the included bags -RRB- . However , the product does exactly what it advertises !
 This was a great organizer that helps to keep the breast milk uniform . It also makes using the bags easier . It 's easy to know which bag should be used next and keeps your freezer nice & tidy without taking up much room . It 's about the length of an ice try and about the height of 21/2 ice trays . Great product but the price tag is a little hefty .
 The organizer really helped me keep everything organized so that I was always using the oldest milk first , etc. . It also keeps things neat and tidy in the fridge and/or freezer . When in the fridge , it was a little too tall to fit on the shelves with the cover on , so I put it underneath and was using it as a base . I 'm glad I did ! The mechanism to push the bags forward -LRB- to help flatten them -RRB- is very strong ... it actually popped one of the bags ! If I had n't had the cover underneath , there would have been breastmilk all over my fridge ! But I 'm still using it and happy with it overall . I 'm just not using the mechanism that pushes the bags forward any longer -LRB- it clips into the back -RRB- . My milk is too precious to waste !
 We love this item because it very simply compresses milk bags so they freeze flat . This maximizes space in the freezer . The container is also excellent in that it keeps milk date-organized ~ My husband has no problem grabbing the front bag ... the latest date while leaving the most recent in the back . :-RRB- Makes milk freezing and storage simple , quick and easy . We have found it holds 10 frozen bags with 5oz of milk per bag . The lid can be used to organize additional frozen bags -LRB- holds an additional 11-12 frozen 5oz bags -RRB- or it snaps on as a lid .
 This storage system worked out great for me . I just rotated the bags when I pumped so I always knew I could just grab the first bag and go . They fit perfectly on my fridge shelf and I felt comfortable knowing my bags of milk were stored and safe instead of just laying in the shelf . I love this system . It is simple and easy to use . Plus all milk storage bags fit in it .
 I bought this milk storage system with very little expectations since it was pretty inexpensive . I am extremely happy with it so far . I put the bottom part into a Thermos brand `` Lunch lugger '' -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and keep it at work in the freezer . When it fills up I take it home and put the bags into the plastic top and take the bottom piece back to work . I would suggest that you have make yourself a back-up milk supply so that you are able to take the milk home only every week or two rather than try and remember it everyday !
 This breast milk organizer was one of the best -LRB- and most used -RRB- purchases I made as a new mother . I had to pump breastmilk and store it so that I could send it to daycare . This product allowed for one designated area in my very crowded freezer be used to freeze breastmilk in a flattened form . You can easily add new bags of fresh milk to the end of the compartment and then when the whole thing is full of frozen milk i would be able to transfer the flattened bags to a large gallon ziplock -LRB- could fit about 10 bags per ziplock -RRB- and label the date range on the ziplock . Then transfer the gallon ziplock to the daycare for use during the week . It kept everything super neat and organized in my freezer.I would recomend this to anyone who is pumping and planning on freezing milk especially if done in mass quantities .
 Here 's another baby product that looks useless but will be a lifesaver . I received this as a gift -LRB- in conjunction with my Medela pump -RRB- on the recommendation of my mother 's co-worker . I do n't have an extra freezer , so I needed something to hold in place my growing back-up supply . I used this with Medela , Gerber and Lansinoh bags and had no issues . I ended up buying a 2nd about 6 months into breastfeeding , and they worked great !
 I first received this as a gift when my older daughter was born in 2010 . I nurser for a year and this storage unit came in very handy . Keeps milk flat and upright for compact storage . With my current daughter my milk production has been very generous and I filled up the unit quickly . I tried other methods of storing the milk but nothing was as convenient or compact as this . So I ordered another and I 'm glad I did .
 I loved this product for all the reasons everyone mentions . Very compact and stores about 20 bottles if you use the lid as a holder too . Only wish it came with more dividers . As a working mom , I often return home with several bags of milk . There is only one divider , so you can only freeze one at a time if you want it to be flat and compact .
 I am so happy I found this product . When I had my first baby and went back to work , I ended up using most of my freezer - there were bags and containers with milk all over the place ; it was extremely difficult to keep track of which one to use next . This time around I bought two of these milk storage organizers and I am in heaven - this product not only helps you keep track of what milk to use next , but it also shrinks the little bags to save you freezer space . It works great - I have been using it for 7 months now and I have n't had any problems with broken bags -LRB- I use the Lansinoah storage bags -RRB- . Try it and you wo n't regret it !
 Great idea for the breast milk storage bags . Good construction and paired with their 3 pack of bags a great value .
 I am pleased with how this product works . It sticks a bit now that it 's frozen , but still works well -LRB- just need two hands -RRB- . I have heard from many of my friends that I could have saved the $ 20 by just freezing bags flat and putting them in a shoebox or similar in the freezer . That method does n't work if you need to freeze a lot at a time though . I was also sad it did n't fit where I wanted to put it in my freezer , too long with my ice machine ... but that 's my freezer 's problem !
 It is just what I need to keep things organized . I have been using Lansinoh bags and they fit just right .
 If you find yourself with an oversupply , this is for you . I 'm freezing 2-4 bags of breast milk a day , so it has been perfect for ensuring that all baggies freeze in a flat and uniform way . Once the container is 2/3 full , I then transfer the milk bags to a gallon size freezer bag . By the way , I have been using the Lansinoh breast milk bags , and they fit perfectly in this container .
 I 've had this for a few weeks now and love it . I love that the product flattens the milk so that my freezer is n't filled with those little ball-like bags of breast milk . It saves a lot of space ! I use the Lansinoh bags an have n't had any problems .
 My wife states it works great , as advertised . It is great because it freezes the bags flat , easy to keep track of dates .
 This was recommended to me by a friend . I love it . It 's very useful and works well with all brands of milk storage bags . Easy to use . I keep two side by side in my freezer and one at my mother-in-law 's house to store milk there for during the week .
 Small freezer ? Not a problem ! Trust me , as a working first time mom working on a milk supply has been my top priority . Having a small freezer does n't help one bit ! However , after running into space problems with the milk I already had I purchased this storage organizer.This saves time and space ! No joke , instead of having to figure out &#34; do I have all the milk for that day &#34; it 's right there all organized for you , there is no thinking to it . In addition it takes the milk storage bags and squishes them together for giving you more space . . which is a difficult task if you just put the milk bags in the freezer laying flat . . there is the &#34; tipping &#34; potential . I found that with the supply I had because they were not thin I used the top of the item as an organizer , and as I am pumping I use the white base . This is the best purchase if your a working mom or a mom on the go and need a place for putting milk in it 's place.I have found that the Honey Suckle bags for the milk storage have worked great with this unit , you do not need to use their bags . . which I found larger than the Honey Suckle ones . Hope this helps and have a great time caring for your little one !!
 Fits perfectly in the freezer . Not a big fan of the bags that come with the unit , I think the Lanisoh bags work and fit better . Great for organization though .
 This works great for storing different brands of milk storage bags like Lansinoh and the First Years . You can even flip the cover over and use that to store the already frozen and flattened bags . It keeps the bags protected so they do n't get banged up in the freezer and leak later .
 I bought two of these for myself after my son was born . They worked great . I tried several different brands of milk bags including the medela , nuk & lanisoh bags without any problems . I never use the lid on mine -LRB- no point in my opinion -RRB- , but they keep the bags in order and together . I recommend these for all nursing/pumping mothers . Great product !!
 This storage box is great . It works well with the Medela milk storage bags . I am about to buy a couple more . It lets you organize them so the oldest is up front and the newest in in the back .
 works great , fit 20 40z bags of frozen milk . top does n't lock on but you can use it w/out or use the top for additional storage .
 When I first registered for this I did not realize how great it was ! This is a must have If you are breast feeding . It is so much cooler than I even knew it was . When u pump into the storage bag and put it in the organizer it has a spring that squishes the bag of milk flat and literally makes it paper thin ! You can store a ton of milk in it and it 's like a filing system because u can look through the tops that u have written on . Such an awesome gift . One of my favorites !
 A great storage unit for those small freezers ! You wo n't be able to stock-pile weeks worth of breast milk in one of these puppies , but it is great for tight spaces . I used mine in a European sized freezer and it took up next to no space . Easy to use and kept the bags upright . Overall a good product .
 The containers themselves are bulkier than I expected and pretty tall , but they organize the bags in a very clear manner , so that even my husband can grab the right bag of milk : -RRB-
 I started pumping to save milk for my baby so my husband can feed him -LRB- w/out using formula -RRB- when I go back to work part-time . I had been storing the bags loosely in the freezer and it was a organizational mess . I wanted to buy this storage organize at Babies R Us and they stopped selling it . I was so happy to find it on amazon ! The milk stores flat and it holds way more bags because it that feature . I absolutely love this product ! I wish it was cheaper , but ultimately it is worth the price and I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 I love that this product keeps the milk organized , saves space , and is the perfect length for the freezer shelf . I especially love the spring-loaded back part that pushes the bags forward and flattens them out . For some stupid reason , I was freezing them flat before putting them in . What a waste of time ! This product does it , already , and it took me a month to figure it out . Duh ! I guess that pregnancy brain was lingering . : -RRB-
 This makes storing breast milk in my freezer very easy ! Much more organized and using the bags instead of the containers takes up less space . Also , this conveniently let 's you put the oldest pumped milk in front so that you can keep track of everything . Also , once you fill up the tray you can flip the lid upside down and use that as a tray as well .
 It really helps to have something to organize breast milk by date because my husband wont always search for the oldest first with 10-20 bags lying around in the freezer . Like other people have said , it wont hold the pre-frozen lansinoh bags though . I had to put them in kind of sideways . The box says you can use the top as well for storage so thats what i 'm doing . Once I get through my older bags of milk , I will try putting new ones in the organizer to freeze rather than on the shelf and I 'm sure they will fit fine then . I really like mine and actually bought another one for a friend . It could be better if it was like a cm wider .
 I find this is be a handy way of storing breast milk . It fits the bags nicely and compresses them so they are not difficult to store they are neatly uniform so you can stack in alot of bags . The draw back is the cover does not lock on the base , it rests on it and if you own a side by side fridge/freezer it can be difficult to find shelf that can fit it .
 I like how this product helps me stay organized ! I used to just throw the milk bags in the freezer and they were all odd shaped , harder to defrost , and you had to hunt around for the oldest ones . Highly recommend this for organization and ease of use !
 I came across this item while shopping for other breast feeding items . I was n't looking for it , but I am so glad I found it ! Before this I constantly had my head in the freezer , re-arranging the bags so that the oldest ones were in front and accessible . Also , although the frozen bags of milk are not large , they are an awkward shape -LRB- larger on the bottom than on the top so that they can stand -RRB- that makes them take up a lot of room in the freezer . Before this , just 15-20 bags of milk would monopolize nearly an entire shelf in my stand-alone freezer ! This product stores the bags flat , compact , and in an organized manner . I love the spring mechanism and that the oldest bag is always in the front . I have not filled it up yet , but I will not hesitate to buy another one if I do . The only `` con '' to the product is that I actually have to remove the entire unit from the freezer to put more bags in the back . This might have something to do with where it is located in my freezer , but I would imagine this is the case for most people . I do not find this to be too big of an issue , but I am glad that I happen to have a flat surface next to my freezer so that I can rest the unit there while I fill it.It 's true that you can freeze your bags flat without this product by laying them down to freeze and then put them in your own storage container -LRB- or a shoe box -RRB- as some other posters have mentioned , but I personally love the all-in-one , space saving , and discreet design of this product . I would rather have this than a shoe box in my freezer any day and I find it well worth the money !
 Had one for my daughter so I could start pumping early for when I went back to work . I love it because it freezes the bags flat and you can use the oldest first and put the newest at the back . I bought one for my sister too when she had a baby . A must have for breast feeding mom 's so you can have a break .
 I have tried various methods of freezing milk , ice cubes of milk , bags stored upright , laying down , bottles , bottle liners etc. , this was the best and most efficient . I only had one and I used it for the recent milk . Once the tray was full , I moved the frozen milk into a box of approximately the same size and marked by date . This is a must have because it collapses the bags while they are upright allowing the milk to freeze flat without freezing next to the closure point of the bag . I did try ziploc bags to save money but it didnt work well . I splurged on the lansinoh bags which I also found to be the most well made.I would love a system like this that would store quart size Ziploc bags since it would be useful for liquid freezer storage as well as breast milk storage in less expensive , and in my opinion better quality , bags .
 I had one of these when I had my son and used it for a year to store milk for my son and it saved so much room in the freezer so I bought this for my sister when she had her first and she loves it as well .
 I think this is a great idea to compact my breastmilk in one small space in the freezer ! I use the lid for storage as well , but it obviously does n't have the spring attachment to it . My only problem with this product
 This is the only product out there that helps to store the milk in a flat convenient way ! It also helps keep you organized and able to use the oldest milk first . I would recommend this product to every breastfeeding mom .
 I 've been storing breast milk since I had my baby few weeks ago , I 'm using Lansinoh bags ` coz I 've tried them before & loved them ... this product presses the bags in a way that each one will take so much less space , easy to organize & look at ... I 'm using the cover as another storage unit & planning to get narrow freezer baskets to stack my frozen milk ... ou do n't need to buy multiple of those , one is enough ! & once the unit is full just move ur milk to another container ...
 I just got it , and put my previously frozen in lansinoh bags breastmilk in it . The bags were a little too wide , but lots still fit in it , and now they 're organized ! This was the only system I could find and the quality seems decent .
 This product has worked great for me . I had 2 of these with my daughter and now only have 1 , but am looking to buy another.I am a hyperlactator -- product lots of milk . I have plenty to store and am building up quite a frozen supply by using the `` Milk Savers '' product since I leak a lot from one breast while feeding with the other.Anyhow , I also do NOT freeze my milk in this storage unit . I put my milk into Lansinoh bags , freeze them laying down flat on a shelf in my freezer and once frozen I transfer to this unit.It holds lots of bags when frozen completely flat . Plus they thaw so much quicker this way . The most I 've frozen per bag is 5 ounces though.If you run out of space with this product , like I did , simply take off the lid and use it as a storage tray ! This will double the amount of bags you can neatly organize in your freezer.A great product . I wish it were n't so pricey though . I need another Amazon $ 10 coupon .
 While my son was in NICU , I pumped -LRB- literally -RRB- dozens of bags of milk for him to use once he got better . And when he came home , trying to figure out which bag should be used first was a pain ! One day , I found this organizer and thought `` anything is better than stacking the milk in the fridge . '' I bought 2 and found that it was such an efficient way for keeping track of my pumped milk . I would just put any new milk in the back of the organizer and the springed wedge in the back would compress the milk flat . And the next time I needed to make a bottle , I would take the one in front -LRB- the `` oldest '' milk -RRB- and either place it in the refridgerator for overnight thawing or put it in a warm glass of water to defrost it quicker . I could n't be more happier with this product . It takes up about as much room as 4 stacked ice trays would . I never had any problems with my Medela or Lansinoh bags -LRB- I buy whatever is on sale -RRB- . I have no regrets about buying this product .
 Storage organizer works great . Compresses the milk for optimal space . I can store about 35 bags filled @ about 4 oz each .
 Good basic container for storing milk . I used with medela bags and they fit fine . Only issue is I am not able to fit that many bags as they did n't dry totally flat so they are taking up more space than I thought they would .
 I really love this item . It only takes up a small part of my freezer and it holds a lot . It states it holds 20 bags of milk , but I have 16 in there right now and it 's not even half full . It provides compact storage and it was ready to use right out of the box . How could it get any easier ???
 I have one of these for the freezer & the refrigerator . This contains all those bags of breast milk , and compresses them to be flat -LRB- before they are frozen -RRB- so many of them can be stored very neatly . Once they are frozen solid I move them to the deep freezer for long-term storage . I wish the spring-loaded piece was a little easier to use one-handed , since I 'm often holding the baby while trying to put her milk away . This would n't be enough to make me change my mind about buying them though . This is such a great storage solution !
 I have been very happy with this organizer . I use the Lansinoh bags but never had leaking issues - BUT I do not freezer them in the organizer . I have the organizers in my upright freezer , but I freeze the bags flat on the ice cube tray shelf in my fridge freezer first - then they go into the organizer.These are a little high on the price end . I order the three packs of Lansinoh bags through Amazon -LRB- half the price of any store currently -RRB- and have found the cardboard Amazon boxes they arrive in are also perfectly sized for freezer storage as well . But since you get one box for every 75 bags , it 's not likely to be able to keep up but is a good addition/alternative for overflow .
 I love to have order and organization so this product is right up my alley . Along with the breastmilk bags , I feel so organized with this product . It keeps the bags in order , upright , and it also squeezes the bag so they freeze nice and thin . Love it !
 This organizer is much larger than I thought , I 'm glad we have a large fridge because it takes up quite a bit of room ! But I love it . It fits lots of bags of milk ! I use the lanisoh bags instead of the first years ones . I have n't tried the first years bags , but the lanisoh ones fit perfectly !
 This keeps the milk bags nice and flat . When the storage container is full I transfer the bags to a deep freezer . Great product - works like it is supposed to .
 I LOVE how the organizer compresses the milk so that they freeze flat , it makes storing so much more space efficient ! I also like how you can use the lid for extra storage , if i had room in our freezer , i would own 2 of these ! LOVE LOVE LOVE , highly recommend !!
 Great item , convenient and priced right . Item arrived just as described and has been a big help . Fits nicely in freezer and keeps things organized .
 I love the Milk Storage Organizer by The First Years . I can store the milk from all different types of bags and it takes up so little space compared to just shoving them in a freezer back and trying to keep them that way.Best Idea ever ! I wish other companies would have done the same thing .
 This is definitely a great purchase for breastfeeding moms who need to pump occasionally . I am a stay-at-home mom , and breastfeed exclusively , but I pump once a day so I 'll have a bottle if I need to run somewhere and leave my little one with her dad or a babysitter . My only thought is that it 's not very big , so while it 's great for me since I 'm not storing a ton of milk , it would n't probably be enough for someone who had to pump and store a lot .
 Love this storage bin . Keeps organized and takes up less space than bags just sitting in the fridge . I only use it for milk in the fridge and the Lansinoh bags fit great . -LRB- have n't tried with frozen ones -RRB- Easy for my husband to just pull the first bag out and know it is the oldest . Discreet design-no one knows what 's inside unless they are nosy ! Recommend this product highly .
 I like this product I just wish it was cheepier . I bought 4 of them and use both the lid and the case . It hold a lot of bags espeically if you lay them flat while they freeze . I bought a deep freezer and I have filled up all of them . If you plan on having a lot of milk I recommend this as a storage tool .
 This is a great way to storage your milk . I love this product since it gives me more space and keeps my milk organized .
 just started using it love that it flattens the bags and pushes the milk to the front . using with lanisol bags
 This product is perfect for storage in the freezer or refrigerator . It is easy to use and holds many bags . I have used a couple different brands of storage bags and they all seem to fit just fine .
 I had read a review that said this works well with the lansinoh storage bags , it does for the most part if they are not already frozen . I had been previously laying my bags flat in the freezer and purchased this so that I did n't have to keep a neat corner in my freezer and my milk bags would be safe from breakage . The container is nice , but I receive the samples of the first year bags , and I do not like them , the lansinoh bags are so much nicer . I would be concerned that the first year bags would break easier . Now that I am just adding my bags at the back of it , it is not too bad , the lansinoh bags are just a little wider than this storage container .
 Due to extenuating circumstances , I exclusively pumped and fed my baby breast milk from a bottle . I used this storage system several times per day with the Lansinoh bags -- a combination that worked very well for me and my baby . This box allowed me to keep the milk in order by date and time so that I was always using the oldest first . -LRB- The Lansinoh bags fit well , and I recommend them too -RRB- It kept the milk confined to a small , organized space in the refrigerator and the springloaded backing kept everything standing up and easily visible . I was able to store up to 20 + bags of 5 oz each at any given time . I finally did begin freezing the milk , but chose to freeze it on a cookie sheet and then store it rather than freezing it standing up . It seemed to freeze faster this way.I liked the fact that the storage system is discreet . It looks like a plastic storage box in the refrigerator ; it does n't scream `` LOOK here 's breast milk '' and make others potentially uncomfortable.I considered using the bottle rack storage system because it felt as if I was creating a lot of waste , but the reasons I stuck with bags were that this system was easy but more importantly , warming milk in hot tap water is much easier and faster in bags -LRB- where there is more surface area -RRB- than in bottles and when your baby is crying because he is hungry , quicker is better .
 This item is compatible with Honeysuckle breast milk storage bags . I did n't see any other reviews saying so specifically , so now you know !
 Perfect product for freezing milk , keeps the milk neat and organized and is a great solution for my side-by-side fridge/freezer . Only downside is that you can only put two new bags in at once because there is only one plastic separator -LRB- otherwise the bags will stick together -RRB- . Not a big deal though , I am happy enough with the product that I am buying another !
 We had been putting my wife 's frozen milk bags into chinese food containers ... lol . Not the best since they 're not an efficient use of freezer space . This is a great option . Kind of an obvious storage idea if you ask me .
 I love this organizer . There 's even a panel inside as well to keep between frozen and fresh milk so you do n't risk partially thawing your frozen supply . And I love that I can flip the lid upside down and use it for extra storage.NOTE
 Product works great . Was exactly what we needed . Now it stays organized and in order so I do n't get yelled at for grabbing the wrong bag = -RRB-
 I was just putting bag after bag of milk in the freezer , so much more organized now that I have this !
 This is an excellent product , and fits the Lansinoh storage bags very nicely . It 's all I wanted , and the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it 's bulkier than the other options we 've come up with since purchasing this.We ca n't devote an entire freezer to breastmilk , and after filling this container very quickly , we took the lid off and filled the lid -LRB- worked nicely , dual duty -RRB- . Then it was a debate about buying another one or thinking outside the box . I googled storing breastmilk and found that other alternatives are ziploc bags and shoeboxes , and they 're more compact for putting in the freezer , so we 're now trying those out.However , for organizational and functional purposes , this is definitely the best product I 've seen out there !
 I have used both First Years and Lansinoh bags with this organizer . I found the First Years bags to not fit as well as the Lansinoh ones . This is fine with me , since I preffer the Lansinoh bags anyway . The organizer itself works really well for me and saves a lot of freezer room .
 Difficult to push button down to extend tray but the divider is a handy addition . I like the divider overall .
 but I do like the spring action . It really helps for fitting a lot of bags in the container . But I guess its the size it is so it can fit in most freezers .
 This product saved my freezer . I use the lid as a holder too . I would recommend this to any BF-ing mother .
 I am so glad that I purchased this . I did n't right away and found it was a much more efficient way to freeze and store milk . If you are trying to bank lots of milk , it does n't hold much . When I fill it up , I remove the bags and them into plastic freezer bags and move them to a freezer that we are only using for milk . Works with any bags and is a much more compact and functional way of freezing milk rather than trying to place flat .
 This product is great because it keeps all the frozen milk in one spot . Before I had this , the frozen breast milk just seemed to be exploding everywhere in the freezer . Now I can easily go in and see how much is there , when it was frozen , and just grab from the front . I would definitely buy this again for storage purposes .
 This is a great product , and the Lanisoh bags fit fine in here . I assume the Medela ones would fit too . I 've got about 30 bags in mine right now , and it 's just over half full . Definitely a great purchase for a new mom .
 This is a great storage container for pumped milk-works well with Lansanoh bags . My only problem is that my freezer is not really large enough for more than one storage box plus regular freezer food items . Otherwise , would buy again .
 I love this container it allows me to store my breastmilk flat which makes it easier to thaw for use . It 's a bulky but it has to be in order for the bags to fit . I use the lansinoh bags and they work great with it .
 I 'm on nursed baby # 2 and this by far is much easier to find and use the oldest milk up first because of the way you put them in . Beats bags of milk in other bags scattered about the freezer that you have to dig through to make sure you have the oldest ones .
 This product is very useful for keeping milk organized in the freezer . If the bags are frozen flat it is very easy to stack the milk in order of when it was pumped . I also really like the spring loaded thing that pushes the milk forward . I used the lid as a second tray to hold more milk .
 This is perfect for milk storage . I use it with both Medela and Lansinoh bags and it works great with both . I like that it keeps the bags in the front of the organizer and compresses them to freeze flat . It keeps them organized and in order . I put the newest bag in the back so that the front one is the one to use . I have had one tear with a Medela bag but that is the only issue I have had so far.Update - after 15 months of breastfeeding this thing saw some use . I found that I could not put two liquid bags of milk in at the same time or they would stick together . Eventually I started just freezing bags laying flat , and took this organizer out of the freezer to save room . I will still probably start out using it if I have another baby , but in the end my freezer was taken over by milk and I needed all the room I could get .
 I have a newborn , and for two months now I 've been pumping and storing extra milk in the freezer . The bags have been strewn all over the top shelf . I just purchased this a couple of days ago and it 's WONDERFUL . I like that it comes with an easily removable lid , that if used will let you stack other organizers on top of it in the freezer . I 'm using the lid as another organizer , for now.I will say that Amazon.com 's price is a bit high . You can purchase it from Babies-R-Us for a lot less ... it retails there for $ 16.99 .
 We bought this at our local Coop when my first grandson was born and started using it right away , just a tiny bit between his thighs and on his bum . He was in diapers until just before his 2nd birthday and he never had a diaper rash , never . I can not recommend this product highly enough . You use just a little , not gobs like the usual brand , just enough to cover the parts that collect urine and poo . Smells great , lasts a really long time and is the best product for your baby .
 I have a baby with sensitive skin and have tried many diaper cream products . Most smell too medicinal and are not thick enough to do the job . Common Sense Farms Diaper Cream is , by far , the best cream out on the market . The bonus is that it SMELLS GREAT !!! My daughter loves it when I put this cream on and , because it is so thick , a little goes a long way . Plus , it comes in a convenient , flat tin which makes it easy to slide into a diaper bag or purse . You have to try this product !!!!
 I absolutely LOVE this bedding set , it is beautiful , and my 17 month old son loves it as well . The only reason I give it four stars is because it is impossible to find the matching upholstered rocking chair and pillow . If one does n't mind not having that -LRB- and most people do n't think to even get the chairs -RRB- it will be a 5 star rating for you . The quilt is very thick and warm -LRB- perfect for throwing over car seats during winter , or decorating the crib during the daytime -RRB- . As I said , BEAUTIFUL set !
 Once I decided on moons and stars for my infants room , I went in search of a bedding set to go with it . I found this one and fell in love with it !! The quilt is beautiful and very soft . The appliques are very well applied so there is no chance of a little one pulling them off . I got the set plus the wooden wall hanging and it looks adorable !! I am saving the dust ruffle for when my son moves to his toddler bed . My only complaint is the fitted sheet that came with it seemed to get brittle in the wash . It got a rip on on of the corners after a few months of use . This is a great set for a boy or a girl .
 Fast delivery , good product and useful.All toddlers will love it
 I love this Splashmat . Its retro jungle theme is perfect for either a girl or a boy , and I noticed that some of the other splashmats are really small . This one fits well with our Graco highchair . I also like that this company does n't use PVC or other chemicals that can be harmful . It is doing a good job protecting our carpet so far !
 This splashmat is very light-weight but of good quality to protect your floor . We have carpet in our dining area and so far nothing has penetrated . The colors and design are fun . It is easy to shake off and fold away for the next meal . I have washed it in the washing machine when needed and it has retained its shape and colors well . I definitely recommend this product . I just wish it covered a little bit larger area . My 14-month old 's food occasionally ends up beyond its reach .
 Big enough to fit under the baby 's chair , easy to clean -LRB- machine wash warm , tumble dry low or hang dry -RRB- , fun pattern for either boy or girl . I was concerned about a plastic mat tearing when the dog walks on it or chairs pull on it , but with this mat there 's no worry . It 's cloth so no plastic smell either . Very happy with this product .
 I bought this a few weeks ago for my 1yr old and I love it ! I previously had a plastic splat mat and was not as happy with it , it would bunch up under the high chair and was not easy to clean . With this mat you can run the vacuum attachments over it very easily and plus you can throw it in the washer ! The print is adorable !
 My son 's lunchbox is from this company and I 've been so pleased with how it 's worn -LRB- still looks like new -RRB- that I decided to buy a splat mat as well . It was a little more than I wanted to spend , but worth it . It 's cute and colorful , but very durable . We 've used it for fingerpainting as well as under the highchair . It folds up to a small size and washes easily . I think we 'll use this product for many years !
 The mat is absolutely adorable but it does tend to bunch under the fisher price rainforest highchair . We wind up re-spreading it out before each use . That said it cleans easily and covers a wide area when it lays flat . And so far seems more durable than the baby Einstein mat .
 A lot of these reviews complain about it being too thin , but the great thing about it being thin is that it is easily transportable , you can iron it , shake it off , and use it as a tablecloth , art mat , or baking mat for when the kids grow out of their spillmats . The other great thing about it being thin is that it is entirely machine-washable , and you can tumble-dry them and they dry super quick.I 'm biased because my mom created Mimi the Sardine , but I 've been using her products for over 20 years -LRB- she designed her first product , a bib , for me -RRB- and think that the fabric , which is ORGANIC -LRB- none of the sugarbooger stuff is -RRB- , is super versatile and durable and cute .
 I really like the cute design of this mat , and for my purposes , it works well . I use it under a large bird cage as a floor protector . It washes well and lays well to allow the heavy cage wheels to move freely without the mat bunching up .
 I 'm very happy with this mat , even though it was pricey . It is one of the few PVC-free mats I could find . The best thing about it is that you can throw it in the washing machine . It does come out a little wrinkly -LRB- I line dry it -RRB- but it lays down nice and flat without curling at the edges . It is plasticized so it 's easy to wipe off , yet it 's heavy enough that it does n't slip around . I wish they made a smaller one because I would also recommend this for taking to restaurants to avoid having your server hate you for creating a mess . I guess you could just cut a big one in half .
 This is a great little splat mat - bright colors , and nice fabric - would buy again . The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five was due to the lack of finishing edge - it 's simply a 42 '' square piece of coated cotton - I thought for the price it would at least have a sewn/stitched or finished edge -LRB- to help add a bit of weight to the edge to keep it in place better -RRB- . We 're using it for under my sons ' painting area , so it 's fine , but wish the edges had a bit more weight to help hold it in place .
 Great product - eco friendly , made in the USA , and free of harmful chemicals for children , pets , and adults . PLUS it 's cute and functional . Even though there are many complaints about it being too thin or bunching up I would suggest velcro-ing it or adding a thin strip of of something heavier along the underside of the edges . All in all I recommend this .
 Washes up easily in washing machine and we love the eco/kid friendly material . It was a little smaller than I expected but I guess I should have paid a little more attention to the dimensions !
 We started out with a Baby Bjorn after my son was born that a relative gave us . It was fine for the first few months but , once he hit 17 lbs the shoulder pain was just out of control . We did a bunch of research online and found lots of positive reviews for the Ellaroo Mei Hip . I ordered it and have truly never looked back . It is so incredibly comfortable , even now when he is far heavier . -LRB- He is nearly a year old now . -RRB- All of the weight is down on my hip and I regularly walk the 3 mile path around the lake by my house with him on my hip with very little effort and no pain . It also packs so small & light that it is really easy to keep in the diaper bag and pull out whenever we get somewhere in the car . A great product !
 I was looking for a carrier that would allow close contact with my daughter , but would also offer a good amount of support so I would n't feel it in my back or shoulders . The Mei Hip definitely suited that purpose . I was able to keep her close to me , and most of the weight was distributed on my hip , not my back or my shoulders . She also did n't seem to mind being in the carrier . I also have a Kelty Kangaroo , which she pretty much hates . The only drawback is that she does ride rather low in the carrier , and when she gets tired , she slouches even more . This causes her cheek to rub on the carrier , which caused a heat rash . I would definitely recommend this carrier , especially if you want to keep the baby close .
 This product is great . We love that no special bags are required and bags are easily changed . It really does stop the smell.The only downside is that opening and closing requires the use of both hands .
 I 've been using this for 4 months now . We are not very happy with it . Still very odorous ! Not any less odor than other pails we 've had . The pail is also small and we have to change it more often than others . The loud closing noise is also annoying - especially when you are trying to be quiet during the night . I like the Diaper Champ better .
 This is the best diaper pail I have ever purchased and boy let me tell you I have been through more then I can count . I love this diaper pail so much I bought more then one . There 's no smell at all from it -LRB- however I do suggest using scented garbage bags , and yes that 's the best part , you can use a garbage bag ! -RRB- , changing the filter , bag , batteries , is not hard at all , and I think over all it 's an easier system then all the other brands out there . I 'm very happy with mine !
 My husband and I really like this diaper pail . I like that it is a simple color/design so it can discretely sit in our nursery . We 've been using the pail for almost 2 months and so far it has done a fantastic job of keeping the room odor-free . We have not yet had to replace the batteries or the filter . My only -LRB- minor -RRB- complaint is that a tall kitchen bag really is a bit too big for this pail . You end up having to replace the bag before it 's actually full because the pail is n't large enough to accomodate a full bag of diapers . So I feel as if the bag is being wasted somewhat . But that 's a small tradeoff for not having to buy specific , expensive bag refills . Some people have mentioned that the pail is loud when closed . That 's true - it does have a loud slamming noise when you close it all the way . It has n't bothered us or our son , so I really would n't let that deter you from getting this pail .
 Im really surprised at all the low reviews on this system . Ive had mine for 2 years now and I absouletly love the money is has savede us . You can use kitchen bags with it so that is a huge bonus . The air filter is awesome . Because it does take d batteries we just hooked up an adapter to it so it plugs into the wall so no more batteries either ! score ! the lid is pretty noisy closing it but i found that to be a small down side = -RRB-
 This is a good product , that does a good job at controlling smell , as long as you replace batteries and filter as frequently as needed.PROS : I very much appreciate the fact that I can use it with any garbage bag . Some other systems require their specific bags , which means that the price for the system is higher than it looks.CONS : The mechanism that closes the bag automatically is a good idea , but could use some improvement , namely : - It is made of cheap plastic ; do not push hard on it if the diaper does not go through , or you will break it . - It would be a lot easier -LRB- and less dangerous for the mechanism -RRB- if the opening for the diaper were wider . As it is now , if your baby is not * very * young , you will probably often have to repeatedly open/close the lid , before the diaper disappears.Overall , considering the competitors , it is a good system for the price , just close it gently -LRB- and repeatedly , if necessary -RRB- .
 Our first disposal 's fan did stop working , after about 3 years . So given all the hang ups with this guy , still seems better than the competition . I always knew when the batteries had stopped working or the filter needed to be change b/c the odor became noticeable . I do agree that the top is heavy , which makes for awkward bag changing , and that the closing mechanism is loud , which can be `` startling , '' but in the grand scheme of getting used to baby , it was all very manageable . I loved not having a stinky room more than anything and did not see anything friends had that worked better . To deal with heavy lid , I would lean it against the wall when opening . To avoid loud startling noises in the night with a very light sleeper , did not close all the way or closed slowly and seemed to do just fine . I do n't ever remember having any subway train like startles with my little guy and , trust me , he was the worst sleeper . So would recommend with the caveat that , yes , cheap plastic products do n't always work best , but in my case it was just fine .
 This is good product for the money . I love that I do n't have to buy special bags and can use regular kitchen trash bags . I find it easy to use , however some of my family members have hard time -LRB- in-laws
 THis diaper pail is great at containing odors and I love that I can use regular cheap garbage bags with it !! This is the third one i 'm buying - 2 in kids rooms upstairs and one for downstairs.However , it 's not the most user-friendly diaper pail out there . babysitter sometimes uses it incorrectly and diaper gets stuck . But , easy to fix .
 We 've had ours for four years -- it was top rated then . It 's life is coming to an end , but I still give it top ratings!I use my own bags , the fan is extremely quiet , and there is a definite difference in smell between when it 's running and when it 's not.I 've found the fan does n't turn on if you do n't push the top down all the way . And if the bag is full , the clasp wo n't close . I have two kids , one in diapers full-time , one only at night , so we change the bags out at least twice a week and probably should change it three times so the clasp is n't an issue.The complaints about it being noisy when closing it are correct . However , I 've never found this to be a problem with either of my kids , and it is possible to close it quietly , but you have to go slowly.It is top-heavy and I 've had it tip over on me numerous times , but that 's not really a big deal either . I have mine up on a platform where kids are n't trying to get into it -LRB- not that they are really that interested anyway ! -RRB- . I 've never changed the filter , by the way , and the pail is in an enclosed space that could smell quickly . We 've found as long as the fan is on , this is n't a problem.It does go through batteries , D Cells , so stock up on them . And after a few years , the lids that hold the batteries in can become loose and you might have to put them back on after changing the bag . However the fact it 's still working after so long is still a marvel to me.I love it , and would buy it again and would recommend it to others .
 This is the only diaper disposal system that cuts the smell . We have tried several other types , and this is the best ! We have had ours for a year and a half and it still works great . We plan on buying a second one for our new baby 's room . Highly recommend !
 We 've had this diaper pail for 21/2 years and I love it ! The plastic hinge recently broke so I 'm buying the same model again as a replacement . It 's understandable that the hinge might break because this diaper pail has really taken a beating over the last couple of years . The parts I like best
 We have been using this for two years now & decided to buy a second one for our new baby 's room too . We 've been very happy with it overall . The filter system works great & batteries last a long time in the unit .
 We 've used this diaper pail for 18 months now and it has been great the whole time . The batteries do run low pretty quickly , but even when the batteries run out , you ca n't smell it if you get it all the way closed -LRB- not that hard to do -RRB- . Of course , as with any pail , when it 's open , you get a whif of the contents , but it 's gone once you get it closed . We LOVE that we can use regular trash bags with it too.Just last week , we accidentally lost the cone that shoves the diaper down into the bag and ended up throwing it away with the diapers . It just took an email to the manufacturer and in one day they had another part on the way free of charge , no questions asked ... fantastic ! We have another baby on the way and intend to continue using this diaper pail all the way through !
 ~ ~ ~ ~ Updated Comment ~ ~ ~ ~ Oct. 26 , 2008The lid broke for the second time . I called Customer Service and they would n't help me . -LRB- No thanks to Jennifer and ` Manager ' Sarah who never returned my call . -RRB- So , the top broke again in less than 9 months and they said it was past warranty and that was that.This item has now broken on me TWICE . Despite my former rave reveiws , I 'd love to also give it ZERO stars because now it 's only a receptacle for us -- as good as a plain old garbage can . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ OLD , NAIVE REVIEW : We had a Diaper Genie , it 's a total waste of money and plastic . The Diaper Genie was so hard to use and did n't do anything to stop odors . My son 's room smelled as if we threw the diapers in an open garbage . We replaced it with THE FIRST YEARS CLEAN AIR DIAPER DISPOSAL SYSTEM . It 's awesome!The greatest thing about it is that it can store about 6-7 days of my son 's diapers without NO yucky odors . WOW !! It has a `` clean air '' venting system which is totally 100 % silent . I actually though it was broken because it made NO noise ! It runs on D batteries that last about 9 months . There is a little light that briefly flashes to let you know that the lid is secure and the vent system is working . It uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags -- saving us money.The only drawback is that occasionally you will shut the lid and it wo n't fully secure . You 'd know that by two clues , the first being that the little green light wo n't flash . Later you 'll get the second clue -- your baby 's room will start to smell ! I now check to see if the light is on each time I put a diaper in to make sure the lid is secure.We love this product so much . Our son 's room smells clean with no poopy odors , and we save money by using our own tall kitchen bags . It 's also very easy to change -- no confusing bag twisting.I highly recommend using this diaper holder , it 's the best !
 I was a bit uneasy when I read all of the reviews on this product . They said the pail stunk , the fan did n't work , and it was too loud to close . I wanted to address some of those issues . Here are several reason why I purchased this pail over other available pails . # 1 I did n't have to stick my hand through a hole -LRB- like the genie -RRB- , and I did n't have to turn or twist anything -LRB- champ -RRB- . # 2 The fan is VERY low . If you sit in a silent room and put your ear up to the pail -LRB- after just closing the lid -RRB- , you can hear it spinning . If you ca n't hear anything , I would exchange it . If you still ca n't hear the second , I would get an opinion from a few others to see if they can hear it . # 3 Replace the batteries and filter AS SUGGESTED . This keeps the pail from stinking . # 4 I have owned this pail for a little over a year , and it just started to stink -LRB- any porous substance like plastic will absorb odors if not properly maintained -RRB- . I replaced the filter as suggested , but I think I forgot the batteries sometimes -LRB- I do n't check the green light often -RRB- . I use rechargeable batteries so they do n't last as long , but save money . So I disassembled the top with the batteries and filter and set it aside . Then I took the pail in our bathroom and filled it with about 4 cups of bleach and hot tap water all the way to the top . I then let it soak about 24 hours . The stink was completely gone ! I ca n't vouch for this method if the filter and batteries are never replaced . # 5 The click is about as loud as snapping a plastic storage container together . However , if you have a child that sleeps through diaper changes at night , you are truly blessed ! This click never once phased my daughter . # 6 I can open and close the unit one-handed , and it has not once tipped over on me . I 'm a person who can manage to fall down standing still , so if I can manage it , anyone can . # 7 When you change the bag in the pail , take the bag out -LRB- with one hand -RRB- , and close the lid -LRB- with the other hand -RRB- . This obviously keeps it from tipping ! I put the bag in through the arms , then secure with the blue ring.Overall , I think if you replace the filter and batteries as suggested , -LRB- and have a little common sense -RRB- , you will absolutely love this product .
 The First Years - Clean Air - I had a diaper genie for my oldest son and hated the thing the refills , the stink , it was just frustrating for us - ca n't recall what I used for my daughter , but that was over 13 years ago anyway - Without really researching anything we looked at all our options at BRU & Baby Depot with our youngest son and decided on this one - it was and still is $ 50 - but we went for it anyway - it uses regular kitchen trash bags - we get the glad scented ones . Had this unit and used it for more than 2 years - and never had a problem with it - it controlled the odor - and when it did n't it was because I let the batteries run out and did n't replace them for quite a long time - and even at that it did a better job than the genie - the mechanism on the lid just broke a couple of months ago - but my son was 2 in Feb so we were about done with it for him - all plastic eventually holds an odor - and he was using less and less diapers the last few months before it broke that I did n't change any batteries or the filter - I think I only changed that a handfull of times anyway - I 'm bad at that kind of stuff . He was fully potty trained at 27 months so that was how long we used this pail - and we 're due to have a baby in Sept and will be getting another one without a moments consideration .
 We 've had the Clean Air diaper disposal for over a year now and overall , it has done very well . This is the only diaper pail I have tried at home , so I ca n't fully compare it to others , but overall I am satisfied with it.The big success
 Before we bought this diaper pail we tried the Genie and the Champ , and neither did what we hoped - magically whisk away diaper odors . The secret , and I believe the cause of many of the 1 star reviews , is that , how to put this politely . . when you have a baby , you also have a sealed bucket of human poo inside your house . Your caveman survival instincts are tuned to detect this odor and avoid it . Avoiding septic material is a survival instinct . There is no magical solution . Smells will leak from any container and the goal is to manage them , not pretend there 's a way to passively seal against them.This can is great because it actively removes odors with a fan and a carbon filter . Yes , you have to change the batteries every 2-5 months , but it has a soft , -LRB- non-baby waking -RRB- , LED on the front . It blinks every few seconds when it 's in standby , and is solid when the fan is running since you ca n't hear it . When it gets a little dim it 's time to change the batteries . For the filter we change ours every 4-6 months . It 's easy to know when it 's time . Day in and day out there 's no smell and then one day you walk in and , woof ! smell . Change the filter and a couple hours later , the room smells fresh and clean again , or at least as fresh as your baby , the burp cloth hamper and the changing pad smell.One suggestion , and I ca n't stress this enough , is that you need to use your head when you first learn to use this pail . It 's active technology , not magical gnomes , and although it 's not a smartphone you need a little bit of skill to make it work correctly . At changing time the contents of the bag are a natural horror show and if you just pop open the top and pull the bag out with your head over it , you 'll suffer a nasal assault that will burn the hair out of your nose . Can of poo in your house , remember?The secret is to use drawstring bags . Sit on the floor beside the pail , open the top lid and remove the oval collar that holds the gathered collar of the bag in place . Without disturbing the bag inside the bottom compartment below , grab one of the drawstrings and pull it tight . Gather up the top of the bag in the other hand , and then wrap the extra drawstring around the gathered top of the bag to make a tight seal . Tie it off a couple of times . You now have a totally air-tight bag of dirty diapers.Once that 's done , THEN flip the top back . Yes as some people are grumbling , it 's heavy and with an empty container can tip the can over , but this wo n't be a problem for you , no sir . It wo n't be a problem because you will have read my review and will be a skilled technician . You 'll know as I do that the inside of the bottom of the pail can , over a few years get a bit stinky , so the way you 'll solve that is after you tie off the bag , you just tip the main section back quickly with one hand , supporting the weight with it open at about 45 degrees while you pull the bag out with the other hand . Then you just close the main section back down and only a tiny whiff of ick will escape.Last , feed a clean bag down through the pinchers into the bottom until the gathered top has about an inch of extra bag sticking up , and slide the oval collar back down into position . Close the top and you 're done . For extra credit you can align the bag so its long ends align with the long side of the pail . If you do that you can get couple of extra diapers in there by shaking the pail with the convent built in handle on the back , -LRB- which you ca n't see in pictures -RRB- . Note that the changing procedure takes less than ten seconds - considerably quicker than wading through my paragraphs above . My point is that if you just flip open the main top , pull up a couple of drawstrings and manhandle the bag as you wrestle it out of the can , three things will probably happen
 I bought this at a store about a month ago . I just read all of the horrible reviews and wanted to share our experience , which is quite different.The only negative I see is that the mechanism is louder than I would like when closing the lid . I do n't think it is quite as extreme as some other reviews have stated because our baby girl does n't jump or appear startled when closing it . But it would be nice if it were quieter . This is the sole reason for taking a star off the rating.After a month of use , we have not had any odor in the nursery at all . We have two dogs in the house , so the nursery door is always closed . Even in a closed room , there is no odor at all.Addressing the issues that some others have posted : - The unit is top-heavy , but that has not been an issue for us . There are two `` openings '' - the lid , so that you can dispose of diapers - and the whole top to change the bag . Yes , if you open the whole top and let go , it will tip over . But I have found no reason to do this . To change the bag , I remove the ring that holds the bag in place , twist the bag with it still in place , and then tie a knot in it . Then , I just open the whole top and remove the bag while still holding onto the unit . No problems with it tipping over . To put in a new bag , just open the mechanism and drop a bag down - no reason to open the whole top again ! - As for the child pulling the unit over on them , the unit does n't pull forward easily -LRB- the weight is at the BACK of the top -RRB- . While it may not always be possible , we keep it between two pieces of furniture to lessen the chance of a sideways tip . And not to sound critical , but we watch our kids closely . - As for the fan running or not , I ca n't tell for certain . But I can say for sure that the closed room it is kept in does not smell bad at all . This leads me to believe that the fan is working fine . If you think about it , the fan only has a small amount of air that it needs to move to clear out the pail . It does n't need to spin fast.This is a good diaper pail and we would recommend it to others .
 We purchased this diaper pail in anticipation of our first child . What attracted me to it was the fact that it had the air filter , and since this would be in the baby 's room , having an odor-free room for him was very important to me . Not to mention that where I live , the city requires us all to use their trash bags exclusively . Their small bags fit perfectly into this pail , and can hold a week 's worth of diapers.I had also tried my cousin 's Diaper Genie out and thought that the person who designed it had no children , and had no idea just how many diapers a baby can go through . It also seemed more expensive in the long run , given how you have to use their bags only . Tack that expense onto trash bags that I have to buy anyways , and I may as well do cloth diapers.Set-up was simple , even for a pregnant lady . And given that neither hubby or I tend to read instructions , operation was quite easy too . I did worry initially that the loud sound of the crimping system and the lid closing would startle our son as it opened and shut , but he never did , and at 6 months , probably never will.The pail is top-heavy when it is empty , but where we have ours set up - between his changing table and a wall - there really is n't a place for it to tip , so for us , this is a moot point.This is the first time I 've had to change the batteries and the filter , so I ca n't say how easy or difficult that will be yet.So do I wish that the lid was quieter ? Yes . Do I wish that the pail was better balanced ? Sure . But for volume , and an odor-free room , my money 's on this .
 We bought this diaper pail before our daughter was born - 18 months ago - and it 's still in use . I 've used the diaper genie and find this system much easier to use . We only have to change the bag once a week . There are no odors unless the filter/batteries need replacing . Or unless someone -LRB- usually me -RRB- does n't close the lid hard enough . I 'm surprised that the noise level bothers some of the other users commenting here - we keep this pail directly next to the crib , with no issues . All in all , I 'm very happy .
 My husband and I love this product . We have twins and so we have had many poopy diapers in and out of this pail . We had a different product for our first child and did not like it AT ALL . With the First Years Clean Air System we have had no hassles . We like that we can use tall kitchen bags which are easy to install and remove . Our nursery is stink free . We have had this product for 1 year and have had to replace batteries and air filter only 3 times !!
 The batteries and filter last 3 month at a time . It uses regular kitchen bag instead of expensive proprietary bags . It does a great job keeping odors at bay . I have recommended this to friends . It is a great product !
 I read the reviews , some people saying that the lid was very loud when closing , others saying that it did n't work period , others loving it . I decided to try it for myself and am so glad I did . With respect to the lid being loud - it is only loud if you snap it shut with force . If you simply push the lid down gently , it barely makes a sound ; the same goes for opening it . I enjoy the fact the you can use simple 13 gallon trash bags with this disposal and do n't have to buy special bags like other disposal systems . I read one reviewer who suggested using only bags with no drawstring and I do agree . The disposal filter system works great . I know this because my daughter 's room does NOT smell at all and believe me , what is in that bag can smell pretty bad !! I changed the batteries after 3 months of use which I thought was n't that bad at all and changed the filter after 6 months per the product recommendation . At no time have I had a problem with this product . It is very easy to use and VERY QUIET . I have had friends and family with babies of their own admire my disposal over the genies that they have . I would recommend this product to someone else since it 's affordable , easy to use , cost efficient -LRB- being able to use standard trash bags -RRB- and works great at it 's main job which is keeping the odor inside it and not in the room !
 i have owned this product for over 2 years and had no problems til i broke the battery door prong . have a new one coming from manufacturer and they were very helpful.the batteries go bad time to time because items that take D batteries -LRB- at least all that i own -RRB- have a odd current that drains one battery and leaves the rest good . i use a battery checker when changing batteries so my diaper pail uses maybe 1 battery a week . love this product . if you change bag at least once a week the smell in the can stays in check , and you have to keep-up on the filters too .
 I purchased this diaper pail for my first daughter , who is now 14 months old . I have never had any problems with it . I love it so much that I came to this website to purchase a second one for baby # 2 who is due in 4 months . My favorite thing about this diaper pail is that you do n't have to purchase any pricey refills ; just use whatever bags you have for your kitchen trash can . One small note on that ... it works much better if you use a bag with a drawstring top . Plain trashbags tend to slip out of the holder and fall down into the pail once it starts to get full . I have never had any issues with smells , and I have only replaced the filter once in the the last year . I know that other reviewers had issues with the fan , and maybe theirs just did n't work . Initially , I thought that was the case with ours as well , since it is extremely quiet , but after reading the directions I figured out that the fan only comes on immediately after the lid is closed after having inserted a diaper . Once I listened closely , I could hear it at that time . Again , never had any problems with smells -LRB- and my little one sure can stink up a room ! -RRB- , so that seems to be good enough for me . All in all , a great purchase !
 I have to say I 'm suprised at the number of low reviews this product has received.We 've had our Clean Air Disposal System for 13 months and have ZERO complaints . We use this pail multiple times on a daily basis and have no issues with the fan or the lid.We have never had a smell issue in the room , you 'd never even know that there were week old dirty diapers in the pail ! My son makes some whopper sized stinky diapers and the only time we 've ever smelled them was when we were changing the bag on the pail . And we cram that pail full of diapers before changing it to maximize the number of bags we use . Even when we fill it to the very top , as long as the lid snaps shut , there 's never a smell.I will say that the first time you figure out how to put the bag in is a little awkward , but each subsequent change has been relatively painless . Plus , it takes regular sized kitchen trash bags instead of having to buy those expensive Diaper Genie bags.I think this pail was worth every penny .
 I bought this trash can in 2007 when I had my first child . Four and 1/2 years and another child later it is still working great . Nothing has broken , the fan is quiet , batteries and filter are easy to change . I LOVE the fact that I can use my kitchen trash bags and save money and time . They are less expensive than refills and I do n't have to make a special trip out to buy replacements.The only down side could be that when you snap the lid shut -LRB- to activate the fan -RRB- it is a bit loud at night when others are sleeping . I always just put the diaper in the trash can and snap the lid in the morning .
 Dont believe the other reviews . Its really not all that much louder then closing a door . This product has kept our daughters room smelling nice . We have been using it for almost 2 months now and have had no problems with it . You just have to remember to replace the batteries and the filter -LRB- can be purchased at stores -RRB- every 3 months . I can tell this product works every week when I take the bag out ... It really stinks , but yet my daughters room still smells nice ! I highly recommend this product ! Its soo easy to use our 3 year old opens it for me so I can dispose of the diapers .
 Despite some of the negative reviews , I 've owned this for over 9 months with no problems & it works great ! We do n't have a baby or diapers , but we 've been utilizing it for our 2 dogs ' poop bags & it is amazing . Our garage used to stink horribly from the poop bags in the garbage until we got this & now you ca n't smell anything at all .
 Easy to put together and keeps the nursery smelling clean instead of like poopy diapers ! Would recommend ; my sisters both use this system as well .
 I bought this for my first baby . It works wonderfully . Our nursery has NEVER smelled of his diapers . It holds a ton of diapers -LRB- we empty it once a week -RRB- . Others report it stinking ... I wonder if there are just babies out there who are more odoriferous ! My nephew 's diapers used to stink . My son never stunk like that . Nevertheless , it still does a beautiful job ... he is now two . We hare having another child , and I am now looking to buy a second one for our main floor since I will be even busier this time around . I love it so much ! It has really held up over the past 13,000 diapers !
 I can see this product has not gotten great reviews , which surprises me . We have two daughters and have been through several diaper pails . Off the top of my head , I know we 've used the Diaper Genie , Diaper Champ , plastic bags , and this . This has been our favorite by far.Pros :1 . No smell . Even as our daughter is getting older -LRB- now 18 months -RRB- and as diapers usually get smellier , we have had no problem with stench . You really have to take them at their word and change the filter and the batteries every 90 days -LRB- we have every 3 to 4 months -RRB- like they say . Which is much more than I can say for either Diaper Genie , which has a strong odor hovering around the entire thing . I 've sat right next to this thing when it was overfilled and could n't detect even the faintest smell .2 . It uses regular trash bags , so you do n't have to buy special ones . It 's simple enough to use that my four year old begs to be able to put the bags in for me . And you 're not grossed out by having to take out giant sausages of diapers strung together -LRB- You know what I 'm talking about ... -RRB- 3 . The fan is so faint that you 'd probably never notice . -LRB- I slept in the same room with it a couple times , and in the dead of night , when I was listening for it , I could hear it . -RRB- 4 . You can fit several days of diapers in it . You do n't have to empty this thing every day or every other day . And it beats filling up old grocery bags with diapers that you have to take out every single time . -LRB- Tried that too after we were wallowing in disappointment from the diaper genie and had n't yet bought something else . -RRB- Cons :1 . Price . Purchasing both the container and the filter and D batteries can be pricey . It 's been worth it , though . We spend less on it than we did on the diaper genie when you consider how much those refill packs are .2 . The container does tip over if you try to lift the lid -LRB- the full lid . You only have to do this when you 're emptying it . You only lift half the lid when you 're using it -RRB- and leave it there . But it 's a rather simple thing to lift the lid with one hand and pull out the bag of diapers with the other . And we 've never had a problem with it tipping over otherwise .3 . Price . Oh yeah . I already mentioned that . Really , it 's the only mention-worthy drawback , in my book .
 We have used this diaper pail for a little over a year now . I love that is uses standard kitchen bags . The fan in the unit does help eliminate the smell - I noticed this when my batteries stopped working . The filters are rather expensive but they help keep the smell down as well .
 This is the 2nd Clean Air Diaper Disposal System that I 've purchased . I purchased my first with the birth of my first son and loved it so much that I bought it again when we added our second . I always hate it when you walk into a baby 's room and all you smell is diaper pail , but I have never had that issue with this one . It leaves my son 's room smelling great , and I love that you can use regular garbage sacks with it . It 's even easy enough to use that my 2 year old son can put his own diapers in!The only thing I do n't love about it is that it is kind of loud when you open and close the lid . Other than that I love it !
 This item works fine . It is important to remember that it is a DIAPER PAIL . If you are going to keep diapers full of stinky excrement in your child 's room instead of throwing them away outside on a continuous basis , it only stands to reason that the receptacle that you use needs proper cleaning and changing , and probably lower expectations . Here is what we do :1 . About once a month , when my son is napping , I remove the pail from the nursery to my bathroom , throw out the diapers , wipe the whole thing down - thoroughly , inside and out - with clorox bleach wipes , and replace the batteries and/or filter if needed . I also sprinkle a little `` insurance '' baking soda in the bottom of the pail once it 's dry .2 . When the trash bag with diapers gets full enough that the top crimping mechanism stays open after dropping in the diaper , WE CHANGE THE BAG . Granted , when your baby and his diapers get bigger , this may happen more often -LRB- maybe even every 2-3 days -RRB- . Again , it 's a DIAPER PAIL .3 . We fold the diapers securely before disposing and make sure the lid closes all the way - yes , it 's loud , but it does n't have to * slam * shut . You can just apply firm pressure to the top and muffle the sound somewhat . My son does n't sleep through his diaper changes anyway so this is n't a deal-breaker . That 's it - no stinky nursery . When he was small , we could go a week plus without having to worry about it . I do n't find there to be a problem now - my husband and I just make sure it is clean and changed frequently , but the filter helps . A lot . Like someone else said , when it goes out , you 'll know it!The only problem which I agree could be improved upon is that it is top-heavy . I notice this when I clean it , mostly . When it has a bag in it and is standing next to the wall , we have n't had any problems whatsoever with tipping.Diapers happen . I doubt there is a perfect solution . Hope this helps , folks !! : -RRB-
 This is a much more user friendly pail than others I 've seen . Probably the best part about is that you can use standard kitchen garbage bags . This by itself was enough for me to buy it . Also , the way that the pail pushes the dirty diaper into garbage bag and then seals itself is great . All in all , a good purchase ESP for first time parents .
 I have two kids and have had two of these . They work fine . A few modifications are necessary for proper functioning
 I like this diaper pail . I love that it uses regular trash bags ; that is so convenient . It will keep almost a week 's worth of dirty diapers from smelling up my baby 's small room . There 's no odor at all until you open the lid - ew ! It definitely smells down in the pail when I change bag , but there 's not a trace of bad smell in her room . The only thing I do n't love about it is that the lid is really heavy and cumbersome when changing the bag and can make the pail fall over . It 's not a huge problem though.Update 1/2011
 I do n't understand the negative reviews about this product . My wife and I have been using it for almost a year now with our new daughter and I have n't smelled a single diaper oder ! I have been called an `` odor fiend '' by friends for my sensitivity to bad smells and am diagnosed OCD and I notice no difference between the ambient smell of our nursery and any other room in the house . If you ever see this product on the store shelf compared to the other diapering solutions you can tell it is a superior product just by the way it is constructed.If odor control is your main concern this is the diaper pail for you . The carbon filters completely eliminate the smell . I do n't understand the complaints about the diapers not `` falling '' into the pail . The lid has a `` push down '' device that pushes the dirty diaper into the pail when you close it . Clearly this is designed so very few odors escape the pail while you are putting a diaper in . If you install the bag and plastic holder piece properly there should be no issue . If these reviewers wanted a pail they could just sling a diaper into they should use their trash can and deal with the smell . I think this device does exactly what it is intended to.The lid does makes a loud `` popping '' sound when you shut it and I 'll admit that is a problem at 3 AM . This is a part of the airtight seal . Personally I 'd rather have a good seal than a quiet pail . Other than that I can see no downside to this product . Other reviewers have complained about not having an AC plug and I can understand that but we are getting about 4 months of use out of a set of batteries so I really do n't think it is that big of a problem . Those issues alone make it a 4 STAR instead of 5 STAR review .
 After having 3 children of my own and caring for many , many others over the years , I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this product !!! I 've tried MANY diaper pails and systems and , bar NONE , this has been the best . I own and run a day care so this pail gets a heavy workout and it is changed at least once daily ... no falling over , no noisy clamps , fan works great . NO issues at all ... this one is almost a year old and it does n't look to be giving out any time soon ... do n't hesitate or look further
 My wife and I were blessed with a baby boy in early October . We had the baby 's room ready months in advance and one of the new items was `` The First Years - Diaper Disposal System . '' It fit nicely in between our changing table and the dresser and looked nice as a part of the room furnishings . Of course , the real test was how it worked.The baby is now a month old and hundreds of diapers have been run through this disposer . In general , we 're rather pleased with it although it has a few characteristics I find awkward . For example , when the soiled diaper is placed in the available slot and the lid is pressed shut , the diaper does n't always go through into the bag . Sometimes diapers plus baby wipes pile up and occasionally have to be manually forced through . Oh well , it 's minor . More annoying , the device is very top heavy with a narrow base . Changing the disposal bag can be awkward and difficult . When the disposer is opened to retrieve the bag , the disposer will easily topple over unless held upright by one means or another . Getting the old bag out and the new bag in is an awkward task . OK , it takes a little practice . A heavy weight in the bottom of the disposer container and/or a wider base might help the problem . I 'm tempted to use sand as a weight , but have n't found the problem that great as yet.One of the reasons we bought this model is that it uses readily available and inexpensive kitchen bags , not costly specially designed bags . That 's a big plus . We 've had very good results with the odor control . No one would ever guess that there 's a bag of dirty diapers in the room . My wife has pointed out that this is with a newborn and a diet of mother 's milk does n't result in serious odors . She 's correct . The real test will come later when he starts eating solid food.In any case , we 're rather pleased with the disposer . It has a few design problems , to be sure . I ca n't really understand the large number of negative comments generated in some of the reviews . So far , we 've had very good service with this product.Gary Peterson
 I am a daycare provider and at first I did not want to have a diaper pail , I have had them in the past with my own kids and found them to be the worst smelling things . This diaper pail is a must , I was not sure how it would work when I bought it but having 5 children in diapers everyday I had to have a place to put all the diapers . It is noisy when you close it but in my case this is fine . Mine is in our bathroom along with our wall mount diaper changing station . I have no oders from the pail ever and it gets changed everyday or everyother day depending on my days and kids . I would recommend this product to everyone who has diapers to get rid of . Thanks for making a great product .
 I have n't used this diaper pail yet seeing how my lil one is n't due for another month , but the girl I babysit for has this Diaper Pail and it 's great . . that 's why I bought it too . You do n't have to use a special type of trash bag , you just use regular trash bags which is so convenient . The pail locks in the smell and you never smell the dirty diapers . I also put a stick-up smell good in the pail to help . The filter fan is so quiet you never hear it .
 I love this diaper pail . You can use any type of garbage bag , even a grocery store bag in a pinch ! We never have any problem with odor , and it is really easy to use and empty . I would recommend it to everyone !
 I see that this pail has received poor reviews . My family has had a very different experience ! It is loud when it is closed , as the mechanism snaps shut to eliminate odors . My husband and I were a bit put off by the loudness at first , but we got over it when we realized we had a VERY low maintenance pail that had a near-silent internal fan that WORKS !!! There have never been diaper pail odor issues in our nursery/home . We love that we can use regular kitchen trash bags ! We replace the carbon deodorizer filter at the recommended time . The fan inside the pail is VERY quiet and will not disturb slumber . Many people question whether it 's working -- if you listen VERY closely , you can hear it ... and if you 're not having stink issues , it 's working ! We love it .
 PRO : Slim profile fits small spaces . Easy on the eyes.Uses normal bags , same ones we use for garbage.Holds almost a week worth of diapers if needed.When batteries and filter are fresh , no smells.Internal fan is whisper quiet.CON : Noisy when closing - ca n't believe a smoother quieter closing mechanism ca n't be devisedTop heavy and wobbly to operate one-handed - but manageable.You heed to make sure it 's 100 % closed.The small footprint and normal bags were they key for us , and the fact that it successfully held smells is what made us satisfied . Other reviewers have given one star reviews based on the cons I list above , but for us they were never more than slight annoyances that did not change our overall opinion that this was a great diaper pail . If the top-heaviness had ever been an issue for us , I suppose a brick or other heavy object on the bottom of the can might have done the trick . The noise - annoying mostly because it seems unnecessary , but in almost all cases no more noisy than the baby being changed . At 3am we sometimed just places the diaper on top , and popped it in when morning came.Our unit has gone strong through two babies - we are now weeks away from giving ours an honorable discharge -LRB- local freecycle -RRB- . If I had to buy a pail today , I would not hesitate to get this one again .
 Our baby boy is now 10 weeks old . He had a tough first 6 weeks , allergic to proteins in my breast milk . The only thing that would soothe him enough to keep him asleep for naps has been this glider . We have gone through 2 sets of batteries so far -LRB- 4 D size duracells -RRB- , but he is in this for about 4 hours every day while he naps at the fastest setting with music and mobile going . It does fold up , we have transported it with us several times . The mobile comes off to make moving it easier . He is now 16 lbs and the glider moves just as well as it did when he was first born and 8 lbs . Only wish this had an ac adapter . Can not say enough good things about this glider !
 Our baby has reflux and colic ... she hates the boppy swing we got her , but likes this glider , it just goes back and forth instead of in an arc -LRB- like the swing does -RRB- so I think she feels more secure in it , sometimes even falls asleep in it . We 've really liked it . The mobile moves around -LRB- battery operated -RRB- also . We paid less than this for it though ... around $ 50
 I was looking for a nice umbrella stroller . I have the one in black color which doesnt recline , but it ` s fine since my baby is old enough to sit without reclining . . I love everything about it - color , look , the handles are high enough , i dont kick wheels while walking . . I bet cup holder is a good thing to have on this stroller , caz black one doesnt have it , the only concern - it ` s tooo narrow , baby in her winter outfit dosnt fit in there . . :-LRB- -LRB- And i m looking for a new stroller - if it was a lil bit wider it would be a verry good stroller !!
 I love this stroller . It is light weight , easy to store , easy to travel with and has a smooth ride . My baby is 51/2 months and fits in the stroller safely and has lots of room to grow .
 I love it !!!! It 's great - compact , easy to use , and my daughter loves being in it . Seems like my daughter is comfy in it and the extra features make it much better than a regular umbrella stroller . Only thing is that it does not have a storage basket underneath ... so it 's a little bit harder if you 're planning on using it for a longer period of time because you do n't have a lot of storage . It does offer the side pockets which are perfect for some diapers , wipes and a bottle , but if you are going to be out longer than an hour or two - it 's best to use the big stroller .
 Am very happy with my purchase - Took it to the beach recently - and it worked out nicely , very comfortable - not like a traditional stroller - love the laydown feature so that my baby can take a nap and not have to sit straight up , and love the breathable fabric for HOT DAYS . It 's a little small not wide as my sister was going to get one for her 13 month old boy but she tried him in mine first and it was n't wide enought but was perfect for my 13 month old .
 No solo el producto es muy bonito -LRB- como las ni & ntilde ; as -RRB- , sino tambi&eacute;n es muy f&aacute;cil de manejar y girar . Es muy c&oacute;modo con su doble posici&oacute;n en el espaldar pues permite recostar un poco m&aacute;s a la ni & ntilde ; a para dormir.Muy pr&aacute;ctico
 Beautiful . practical and inexpensive . What more can I say ? If you have a toddler , you need this item .
 Excelente coche paraguas ! Lo recomendar&iacute;a una y otra vez ! Mi ni & ntilde ; a tiene 8 meses y es muy c&oacute;modo para ella . Vamos mucho a la playa y es muy fresco . Rueda con mucha facilidad y el techo es una maravilla . Lo puedes poner en cualquier posici&oacute;n . Mam&aacute;s , no duden en comprarlo si buscan un coche paraguas liviano , moderno y bello .
 Got this for a gift to a little girl in a foster home . I think it will be great !
 I 'm a jeep person , and now my grandaughter can be too.The big wheels , cup holder , and lets dont forget the bikini top , after all it is a jeep .
 my 1 yr old daughter wants her stroller right away and we should 've got it right awayi 'm sorryshe 's a bit young for this
 I purchased this stroller a month ago for my then 5 month old daughter . I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and I do n't kick the wheels when pushing it . I like the fact that the canopy can move all the way forward . I 've used it to block the sun when facing it on walks . There is just enough of a recline for a nap -LRB- which she does often -RRB- . The saddle bags can hold a couple diapers , wipes , cell phone & wallet . If you just fold it up and toss it into your vehicle , the wheels will get the canopy dirty . But if you take just a minute to position them a certain way - it 'll stay clean . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that the seat is a little on the narrow side . Although at 6 months old and 20lbs , my daughter is quite comfortable in it .
 While on vacation in Florida we were at one of the Disney resorts and all transportation was provided and the Stroller folded up very easy for riding on the buses .
 I got this stroller for my friend 's baby girl and she loves it . She says it 's comfortable for her 4-month old and it folds up easily and compactly .
 I bought this to go to Disney with . It worked great . I did end up drapping a blanket over the conopy to provide more sun coverage , but it steers great and is light and fits in my trunk which was a great plus when we got home .
 Love this stroller . The handles make it so much more comfortable to push . My girls ; 2 and 5 , fight over who gets to sit in the pink stroller . No underneath storage which was a bummer . But is great as an everdayday light weight stoller or as a back up . We bought it for our 5 year old when she got tired of walking around the amusement parks . Husband not to keen on the color or to be seen pushing a pink stroller , but oh well thats what happens when you have all girls . Definetly would recommend it , both of my strollers are by Jeep and I love them both .
 Very easy to put together , 5 minutes MAX . Comfortable height for handles , if you are a taller person -LRB- I am 6ft -RRB- there is NO stooping !! The negatives I can say are the seat bottom seems a bit shallow for older children , but not uncomfortable to my 7 month old . And the sun shade seems a bit worthless but better than nothing . And the sun shade when folding does pop off , but it 's not an inconvenience really . Colors are cute , the pink is quite bright but not offensive . For the money this stroller is excellent and light weight .
 I previously purchased one of the cheaper umbrella strollers before I purchased the jeep stroller . What a difference !! The Jeep stroller is a much smoother ride and much easier to push !!! -LRB- Especially over not so smooth surfaces -RRB- Almost as if it has a set of shocks on it . I love this stroller and would recommend it to anyone . It is worth paying the extra money for this one rather than the cheaper umbrella strollers . The stroller was very easy to put together it took about 15 mins . I have had this stroller for about a year now and still is in excellent shape !!!
 I bought this stroller afer getting fed up with my cheap Wal-Mart umbrella stroller . Can I just say , I love it ? Because I do ! I am finally able to take my daughter out onto the walking trails and not have to worry about the rocks or the wheels getting stuck . My daughter is in love with it as well , and enjoys the ride much more than she ever did with the other stroller-she even asks now `` can I ride in my stroller ? '' . The weight limit is 30 lbs , but my daughter is very small for her age , so if you have a tiny toddler , this a great find as well . I love that it has two positions , a drink holder and a back flap to cool off those little backs in summer heat . The only real issue I have had is the top shade likes to pop off when I put it in the trunk , but it snaps back on easily and should get worn into shape with time . Another great thing about it is it has higher handles than regular umbrella strollers , so you dont feel as hunched over . The average sized man or woman should be able to steer this stroller comfortably.This really is a great inexpensive stroller , and I would highly recommend it to other parents looking for one . If I had known how good it was I would have bought it a long time ago !
 I love this stroller . It was easy to assemble and folds up very compact . My daughter is very small for her age - 1 year - and she still fits comfortably in the stroller . I tried several others that I had to return before I found this one . They were all far too big for her and did n't offer her any support . This is a convenient , easy to use and very attractive little stroller . Very manueverable as well .
 Lightweight , easy to manuever . Not much storage , though there is a cupholder . Umbrella is pointless , do n't let it be a weighing factor .
 I love the fact that i could hold the baby on the left side and lift this thing on the right . It is very compact that each time I went to the grocery store , I could just fold it and put it under a shopping cart while I put the baby on shopping cart too . The only thing I do n't like about this stroller is that there 's nothing I could put my stuff on , as the removable cargo bags are n't big enough to even hold the baby 's stuff .
 My daughter would n't get out of the stroller the night we put it together . She loved it . My husband and I thought it did n't seem wide enough , even though my 20 month old is rather tall and thin she just fits in it , but it didnt ' bother her . I love how the shade is removable and my husband loves all the removable pockets . He puts her water and diapers in it when he takes her on walks.The stroller is strong and durable and the price was just what I was looking for . I would recommend it .
 Very easy to put together , and lightweight . This is the second one I 've owned and they are very durable . The cup feature and sunscreen are nice features on this model . Would buy again .
 I am so happy , that I bought this stroller . It is perfect if yuo are traveling !
 I just assembled the stroller today , which was very easy . It is beautiful , although I found it a bit narrow -LRB- It says it holds babies up to 18.6 kg , but my 12kg baby fills the seat already ! -RRB- I recommend it , it is comfortable and very easy to manage .
 I purchased this stroller , beacuse standard ightweight stroller was killer on my back and my daugther was n't comfortable . When I took this stroller out of the box , I knew I was going to love it . My daughter is very comfortable in it even with her coat on . My back does n't hurt and it 's cute and colorful . So many people stop me and ask me about it . My daughter weights 24 lbs . It should hold her over until she reaches the 30 lb . mark .
 I got this stroller for my friend 's baby girl and she loves it . She says it 's comfortable for her 3-month old and it folds up easily and compactly . I highly recommend to all moms .
 I really love this product is so easy to use and it stay so clean too !!! I really recommended to anyone !
 I 've had this stroller now about a month . I really love the colors and its super cute . I would recommend this to anyone but there are a few things I do n't like about it , so I want to share them so new consumers considering this one will know about it . First this stroller is one inch narrower then your standard umbrella stroller . It does fit a bit tighter , and my daughter is 15 months old , but a pretty petite little girl , and still I notice the difference . She does n't seem to lay back in this one , she seems to sit up and hold herself up . This one does sit higher than the standard kind , and they don '' t slouch into it either . I do wish it was a bit wider , because in winter with a heavy coat she would be smooshed -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . The other dislike is that the canopy touches the wheels when it 's closed . I already have dirty marks on the inside of the canopy , I 'm not sure if it will come clean either . Plus you can see it from the front . That is what bothers me most . Overall I am really happy with this stroller . My favorites , are the cargo bags on this side . I 'm able to fit a travel container of wipes and a diaper or two , her sippy cup and snacks . That is really nice ! Also I like the `` shocks '' in the wheels , it makes the ride smoother . The part you can pull up for warmer weather I have n't used yet , but I 'm sure its nice . I am also able to push this stroller with only one hand , and the stroller itself is a little bit taller than a standard , so it should help with people a littler taller -LRB- I 'm only 5 ' 3 -RRB- . Oh and I like the fact that it reclines , although my daughter does n't use it at all , and I like the cup holder too . Well I hope this review has been helpful !!
 I actually had a different umbrella stroller for my son when he was younger . It was okay for the toddler age ; however , it did not recline or have a cup holder . My biggest complaint is that when you had something hanging from the bars in the back and my son got out of the stroller it would tip over . The Jeep Umbrella stroller resolves all of these issues . We still have our larger stroller for my daughter -LRB- which works nice when she falls asleep in the car seat because we do n't have to move her -RRB- . But this umbrealla stroller is great . It does n't tip over when something is on the back and the seat is empty - just put the bags on the side with the cup holder or it may unclip the seat from the bar when it is reclined . It has a cup holder , so my son and I can have a drink and it easily stores . Also , the side pockets are perfect for a burp cloth and snacks for the older one . I have not used the canopy yet , so I ca n't review that . But the seat cover/head rest is a nice feature . Overall , I would recommend this to anyone looking for an umbrella stroller . The only complaint I would have is the color - it 's pink and I 'm not a pink fan , but since she is a girl I could n't bring myself to buy the blue or gray .
 LOVE this stroller . I bought this to use in Disney World for my 9 month old daughter . It is very sturdy and maneuverable and seemed very comfortable for her . As others said , the sun shade is a tad lacking , but I used a ray-shade in addition and it was perfect . I found it to be very stable , also . We hung a heavy diaper bag , plus miscellaneous bags w / souveniers , etc. off the back and had very little trouble with it tipping over backwards -LRB- occasionally if I had n't hung things correctly it would get tippy when my dd was n't in it -RRB- . Ca n't say enough good things about this stroller . It 's fabulous!ETA
 I absolutely love this stroller because of its size and weight . It is very light and has just enough pockets to hold a few diapers and wipes along with a few toys on the other side . The cup holder on top is a nice addition too . It is very easy to manage and fits perfectly in my wife 's trunk , taking up very little space . My only real complaint is the canopy . It is undersized and flimsy . The only way it blocks the sun is if it is directly overhead at noon . Otherwise , the canopy is pretty much useless because the sun is always in our little girls ' eyes . All in all , I 'd recommend this due to enough features and easy of use to overcome the canopy issue .
 Folks listen up ! It 's an umbrella stroller . It 's $ 30 . It 's great . I honestly do n't know what some people are expecting . This stroller will not cure world hunger or world peace , nor will it get our troops out of Iraq any faster . However , if you have a little girl it will defintely support her while you push her around in it . Great product , great fit , look at my custome pic . My 8 month old daughter fits very well in this .
 I bought this stroller to take on a visit to the in-laws , and it has been great for the last 6 months . I tested it in the store before purchasing it -LRB- I put 30 pounds of weights in it to see how it would push with a heavier load -RRB- and was pleasantly surprised at how it handled corners . It is taller than most Umbrella strollers , which is great if you are any taller than about 5 ' 4 '' . You can close it with one hand because you can slide the lever over with your foot
 I was looking for a lightweight , EASY TO FOLD stroller that did n't look like a piece of junk and would fit in the trunk of my car easily . I thought that would be too much to wish for , especially online for under $ 50 ! -LRB- And free shipping . -RRB- With this that 's exactly EXACTLY what I got . Love the padded handles , -LRB- I wish there was a bag or basket for better storage-my only complaint -RRB- It even reclines , I absolutley love it . It folds very easily , fits in my trunk easily -LRB- I have an E-class Mercedes , hardly any trunk space -RRB- And it 's not even too pink , if you take the sun shade down it 's just on the trim.Definitley worth the money !
 This is a great stroller ! It 's so lightweight and easy to push around ! It went together in minutes too ! She seems to love it as well , my favorite part is the mesh backing for the hot weather , she stays much cooler in this stroller than her older/bigger one . I would highly recommend this stroller to any mom looking for something more convenient and easy to use .
 This stroller is the perfect replacement for our big , bulky , heavy travel system . My 9 month old is a large baby , but she fits very comfortably . My large 3 -LRB- almost 4 -RRB- year old also fits easily . The height is just right so I do n't have to hurt my back each time I use it . My hubby -LRB- 6 foot -RRB- is also comfortable with the height . It folds easily and fits great in the back of my car . My only complaint is the umbrella tends to pop off when it gets folded . I 've started leaving it off and if it seems I 'll need it then I place it on when I get it out . The color is adorable as well !
 I ordered this stroller after I saw the lesser model in the store . It was shipped free and quickly - Thanks Amazon . I am very pleased with sun shade . I like that it can be adjusted to block the sun no matter where , even my big deluxe stroller does not have that option . The height of the handle bars is a nice surprise as well . The super cheap umbrella strollers always have short handle bars and I end up kicking the wheels and cross bars . I have neither problem with the jeep umbrella stroller . It also folds up compactly and fits into the back of my vehicle nicely . Only negatives are width and color . The stroller could be made a little wider to allow baby/toddler more room and it is a little too pink for me . But , what do expect for an umbrella stroller !
 If you are buying this as your only stroller I would suggest spending a few $ $ more and get a `` real '' stroller with baskets and a real canopy . If you are buying it to have a smallish funky throw-in-the-trunk stroller then just buy a cheaper umbrella stroller . JMO . I returned it and just bought a $ 10 umbrella stroller for vacations and travel as I found this one did not fold up very small . The Jeep stroller though is way better quality and is super cute , but just does not fold up very small which is why I wanted an umbrella stroller in the first place .
 I BOUGHT AND SENT THIS TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER FOR HER FIRST BIRTHDAY . THEY JUST CAME TO VISIT ME AND BROUGHT THIS STROLLER WITH THEM AND I THOUGHT IT WAS EASY TO USE , PUSH HER IN AND WAS VERY FUNCTIONAL .
 Durable , comfortable , convient , cute . I love how it has many features , and folds down small enough to fit in the back of my suv . My baby 5mnths , is very comfortable in it , naps in it alot , I am happy with this purchase .
 My husband drives a Jeep and is a fan , so I had to buy this simple umbrella stroller to keep in the car . It has nicer handles than many umbrella strollers I have used . I would have expected rubber tires for more off-road mobility with a Jeep stroller , but it just has plastic wheels that are fine on pavement , but useless on gravel . The sun shade is detachable and adjustable , but a little awkward unless removed before folding . It is light pink in color , so any fabric that contacts the wheels , when folded , becomes soiled . If I had it to do over again , I would choose something with more storage . It has a couple pouches , but no place to put diaper gear .
 The Jeep stroller is a really easy to use and set-up stroller !! If you are looking for one just to run around with instead of the bulky big strollers then this is a good choice . I love the way it rides , the wheels are great not sticky like most umbrealla strollers . The one thing I would want different is the sun shade , I wish that was bigger and that there was a bigger space to hold things . I would recommend this one because it is not `` cheap '' like alot of others its size .
 I bought this stroller for an upcoming trip overseas . I was looking for something sturdy yet compact that can move through the airports easily . This stroller meets all my requirements and my girls love it . They love to go for `` walks '' now and sometimes they push their baby dolls around as they play mommy . My girls are almost 2 and 4/12 . My older daughter is a bit big for this but it works fine for it 's intended purpose . Great value for the money
 I love this stroller ! Only thing that can get annoying is that when I fold up the stroller the canopy or the drink holder will occasionally pop off . Which is n't that bad , just irritating if I 'm out somewhere or something . But overall , I love it ! My daughter is very comfortable in it and the slight recline is perfect her to to sleep in . Also , love how easily it turns and moves . I had a stroller before that was so hard to turn I could n't take it anywhere with tight spaces -LRB- like the mall -RRB- , but this one is so easy to turn ! Totally recommend this stroller !
 I dont know how I lived without it ! After months of lugging around the stroller in our travel system we bought this to go on vacation . What a lifesaver , its light , folds easy , doesnt take up alot of space and turns on a dime !
 THIS HAS TO BE ONE OF THE BEST STROLLER I HAVE EVER BOUGHT . THE PRICING IS REASONABLE AND WAS AT LEAST $ -LSB- ... -RSB- CHEAPER THAN BABIES ` R'US . IT IS EASY TO HANDLE AND MY TODDLER JUST LOVES IT .
 This stroller is really great . It drives in grass and gravel really well , its durable and i love the piece that folds up so air can go through the back of the child so they dont get so hot .
 We ordered this because it looked very similar to a stroller we had looked at already . The one we had looked at was perfect for our four year old who gets tired after about 15mins of shopping and needs a ride . This Jeep stroller ended up being too short . Not sure why they put the strap for feet so high , but it made it useless for us . Other than that it was great . Love the look and all the other functions on it . Would be fine for a small child I think .
 We have been using a Jeep Stroller before and where very satisfied . Now we got the pink model , which our daughter loves . It could be slightly wider but besides that all the features are handy , especially the `` air conditioning '' . We use the stroller every day and it never lets us down .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PURCHASES WE MADE FOR OUR BABY , I RECOMMEND THIS TO ALL .
 This is a little overdone . The padded handles are nice but you trade a small fold up and they make it a bit harder to carry onto the bus when you are holding a child and a bag . The hood is completely useless and pops off with any pressure , it also makes it complicated to fold . The cup holder also pops off easily . There are better basic umbrellas out there for city use .
 This stroller is perfect for all babys after 3 months ... Very light and comfortable to drive , excellent to carry for an airplane trip , it 's perfect for tha price . What can I say ? We love it .
 Very light and comfortable to drive . I bought it for my sister whose former stroller was way to heavy to carry for an airplane trip . This one turned out to be just perfect . She is delighted with the gift and my little niece , who just turned 1 year old , seems very happy and comfortable , both when she is sitted and when she is asleep . Great Product and great delivery .
 This stroller was mentioned in Baby Talk magazine and that 's why I looked into it as a replacement for my current umbrella stroller . It folds up just as compact as a regular umbrella stroller yet it offers so much more . The handle bars are cushioned and set higher up and out so your feet do n't run into the wheels like other umbrella strollers . The seat reclines just enough that baby can snooze comfortably . My 11 month old daughter climbed right into it and fell asleep during our walk and slept for a while after . The cargo bags are great for holding keys , cell phone and snacks so you do n't have to concern yourself with a diaper bag on quick trips . Even though the canopy is n't that large , it works well . You can position it so the sun stays out of baby 's eyes . The wheels actually have suspension . When I would roll my old umbrella stroller down the sidewalk and I would hit a bump , my baby would just about get whiplash . But in the Kolcraft , we roll over the streets imperfections very smoothly . Plus , we love the color !
 We did a lot of research before we bought this stroller . We needed a stroller for our trip to Europe with our 22 month old daughter . This stroller is perfect ! It 's light , it reclines , has a cupholder and a fold up back that acts as a pillow and allows ventilation during the hot days . The stroller does n't fold as quickly as the ` no frills ' umbrella strollers , but it 's not bad at all ! It 's very sturdy and easy to maneuver.Highly recommended !
 Great buy . My daughter loves this stroller . I like the option of the back padding that you can fold during hot season so the air can go though . Your child never gets hot or sweaty at their back . I would recommend this stroller . maneuver really well , I can do it with my 1 hand , fold one hand . Great , great stroller .
 Easy to use , comfortable stroller but I would say it is better suited for infants , young babies and small toddlers not pre-school age and up because the seat is lower to the ground and very small .
 We bought this for a trip we will be taking in May but when my daughter saw it she got in it immediately . She wants to sit in it to watch tv , take walks or to put her dolls in it . The light weight makes it easy to take and use in more places for me . This helps with my back problems since I am more likely to have a stoller with me now . It is easy to open , shut and lock . I do wish that it had a place to hang or store a smaller baby bag though . I also like that the ride is smooth for Victoria and she has the option to reclined or sit upright . The large padded hand grips help to have more control and comfort with the stroller also .
 I just received the stroller . Assembly took 15-20 min . Tried it right away with my 3 month old baby - she felt asleep 5 min after I put her in the stroller / at the reclined position / . The ride is smooth and soft , it 's comfortable for me and for my baby-girl . The rolling pad will be really useful in the summer - we leave in Arizona . The canopy is n't large , but it works - you can position it even in front of the baby so it 'll protect her from the wind / from the waist up of course / ! We love it and I highly recommend it . It 's perfect for that price !!!
 A warning before getting to the good stuff . When you buy this stroller be careful when folding it up the first few times . The sun shade will pop off and can smack you in the face . After it has been folded a few times it stops though . Other than that I am really glad I bought this . I had plain-jane umbrella strollers with my boys and this one is so much better . It steers easily and I love that it reclines . I wish it had the 5 point harness and a basket under the seat though . My daughter is almost 2 and when she has her winter jacket on she almost does n't fit in it though . I assume in about 6 months she will outgrow it . For the money this is a really good product . I like it much better than the one I paid 80 euro for in Italy .
 Wet Ones moist towelettes really do a great job of helping you clean up your hands and face when you ca n't get to a sink with soap and water ! These are indeed great for fighting off bacteria ; and they have a light , mild scent that I like , too.I like that this type of towelette comes individually wrapped in a type of paper that is very easy to open the exact moment you need a fresh towelette to clean your hands and face . They are easy to pull out of their wrapping ; I love it ! I am sure that once you try this product you will be very satisfied.The individually wrapped towelettes are definitely small enough to fit into wallets , shirt or trouser pockets , a ladies purse or even a travel sized carry on piece of luggage . This last way to carry them is great if you want to avoid public restrooms in airports , buses , trains , train stations , and airplane bathrooms , too.One thing
 Having tried wipes like these before from local fast food restaurants , I bought a box of these from my local Wal-Mart store on a hunch hoping they might come in handy at the office , car , and beach.These ` Wet Ones ' , individually wrapped wipes , are truly great ! They really clean hands well from residue . I have found them most useful in cleaning hands after eating lunch at my desk.I keep a few in my office desk drawer , kitchen drawer , and overnight bag.I highly recommend this product!The cloth is strong . The cleaning solutions fragrance is subtle and nice and evaporates easily after use . It is moist but not dripping wet . The size is adequate for one time use . Pouch is easy to open and retrieve product.Much better than a common napkin for sure !!!
 I can no longer find these in the grocery store and am forced to buy them on line . They are just fabulous to keep in the car and I am never out of them . Wish I had invented them . They stay much more moist than the other dispensing pack the manufacturer is now forcing upon us .
 I loved this towelettes . For years I 've been trying to figure out what to keep in the glove compartment without having them dry out and avoid the bulky can . This proved to be the perfect solution . I put them in a zip log bag and voila !
 I put these in my backpack for my weekly day hikes , and they are fantastic . I use them for just about everything . I even keep a box in my camping gear.Good price , but a bit high on the shipping .
 I am glad I chose this particular brand and scent -LRB- fresh scent -RRB- of hand sanitizing wipes . The scent is nice and fresh , not at all perfumey or heavy.The packaging is perfect for keeping them moist . That was important as I find that a lot of the ones packed in regular paper packets go dry somewhat quickly . These are individually wrapped in some sort of shiny material that seems much more durable than a dull paper . They have a little tear-strip on the upper side for easy opening.The ones I received have an expire date of 10/13 , so they are nice and fresh .
 These are great to have in your purse and are very handy . Especially when you have kids . They are convenient , because they do n't take up a lot of space . Highly recommend ...
 I have been carrying these with me whenever I leave my home . I use them and I give them to my family and friends when they need something to clean their hands . They work very well and I will continue to carry them .
 I throw some of these in my bag whenever we travel . Great for after using a portapotty or if your hands are sticky after a snack or before having a snack on the trail .
 Thanks for these wonderful items . They have been so handy and practical , especially at the office , where someone usually has a cold . In the car , the wipes are so convenient for the kids - I keep them in the console and extras in the trunk . Thanks for your excellent business !
 Even though I am a NY Giants fan , I did give this baby jets gift for a present -LRB- father and mother are Jets fans -RRB- and they loved it . The used it right away when the baby came .
 After my son started teething he preferred soft plush toys to chew on rather than the plastic teethers . So we decided to try this one since it had both . I also decided to try this over others because it was machine washable and with two dogs and a 2 year old machine washable is great . He loves it and I am going to order two more just for the car and one for when I am washing the others . He is really soft and the plastic parts have withstood his two little teeth . I do n't like the ring it comes with because of the opening but I just switched it out with the little linking rings .
 My little guy loves this thing ! He is 3 months and loves that he is able to hold this himself . There are also lots of options for chewing ; he can either chew on the firm rubbery hands , the hard ring , or the soft plush parts . This is his favorite toy so far .
 Bought for my new grandson he absolutely loves said that seems to chew on the feet more than the teethers ha ha
 Really recommend to get it for ur baby . I had been looking for some teething toy that it 's washable !!! This is the one ! For most of the teething blanket/stuff animal , it is not machine washable . -LRB- and you know how baby chew on it -RRB- And this one has different texture for baby to touch and chew , it is a good toy for infant !!!
 My baby loves this toy ! I ordered a second -LRB- got the elephant -RRB- as a back up ! He loves the crinkle noise & puts the `` hands '' in his mouth . I just throw them in the washer & air dry !
 My grandson loved this teether when he first got it but does n't use it much anymore .
 I was buying this item from my rheumatologist at more than twice the price . How great to have a low-price alternative , especially when on a limited fixed income .
 This piggy bank was a great find . It 's big enough to hold a lot of change and incredibly cute . The colors match the room decor perfectly !
 I bought this piggy bank for my soon ~ to ~ be baby boy 's nursery . We are doing his nursery in brown and blue so this bank was perfect for his firsty piggy bank ! Also , The shipping was FAST I got it 3 days after I placed my order !
 our office decided to purchase this for our chocolate fund ! we receive so many comments on how cute it is !
 Love the gates . My husband did n't have trouble installing them at all . My daughter is now safe from our stairs and she ca n't open them . I do regret getting the extra-tall gates tho because our dog can jump over them . But besides that they were great !
 The dream baby gate worked for us . The gate was very simple to install in our doorway and it opens up by lifting the whole gate and swinging it out . Our English Mastiff respects the new boundery between him and the baby 's room . Problem solved here .
 We 've had these gates about one month and they have been great so far . They were easy to install and are very sturdy .
 Love these gates . They look good , work smoothly and do the job of keeping children , pets , rodents , stray lobsters , etc out of the &#34; stay out &#34; areas . Keep in mind that over time they work themselves somewhat loose and the closing action does n't work . Just needs a simple adjustment , but it seems to be happening about once a week or so . Could just be my door molding not providing adequate support or something . Overall love them .
 We love the gates , keeps the dogs in one place in our home . We can leave and know that they will stay put and are safe .
 I bought 2 of these gates for the stairway to the second floor . The gate closes right behind you after opening so no second guessing if your kid is safe . Well engineered with a slight bend in the gate that straightens out when you fasten it to the wall ... Highly recommend this product ! Very safe and reliable !!!!
 I highly recommend this tension gate for kids or pets ! It works great and is easy to get through , but not easy enough for the kids to get through !
 This is a really good deal . I really liked that the gates come with extensions . I 'm glad I opted for the swing gate since climbing over them several times a day is n't really an option . We spend most of our time on the second floor of a 3 story townhouse , so we are continuously going through these gates . They work well , and close automatically which is nice . They also swing in and out , so they are easy to use regardless of which way you approach them . I would recommend this set of gates to others .
 We use this product at the bottom and top of our stairs . I tried several other products and they would n't work with our over size square banisters . We do n't have walls on either side - just banisters . This product works great - even though I had to screw the cups into the wood banisters . Wood filler and stain will be required to repair when we take them down .
 After looking at several auto close gates this is definitely a good gate for the money . The value pack is a pretty good deal . This was easy to install at the top and bottom of the stairs . I highly recommend purchasing the Dreambaby banister adapters to ensure a snug fit . These work great on wood or metal banisters . Otherwise the round tension mounts tend to slip against the banister edges . The gates come with these little adhesives disks that you can glue onto the wall but I found I really did n't need them as the mounting hardware had enough grip with the rubberized surfaces.After a couple of months , the bottom of the gate would n't catch anymore so the gate would n't automatically close which was frustrating since that 's why I bought the gate . I FINALLY figured out that you need to spray a couple of squirts of WD40 grease on the metal peg and the catch for the peg -LRB- on the bottom part of the gate -RRB- and make sure that the lines on the handle are lined up . It 's hard to see the little lines as they are kind of etched into the handle . Like I said The WD40 really helps a lot !!!
 We bought these gates for our grandchild and are very happy with them . They are sturdy , attractive , and easy to install . The extensions were simple to attach . We did n't want to drill into the walls , so we used them in doorways that accessed the stairs.I love being able to walk through the gate instead of climbing over it , particularly when carrying a child or a load of laundry . However , if you are feeling agile , they are not too high !
 I love these Dreambaby gates . I have this two pack , plus one of the extra tall units . They 're made of thick , sturdy metal . I did not screw anything to the wall , and these have stayed up fine without damaging the paint .
 I purchased these gates to go at the top and bottom of the stairs in our home to keep our dog down and our soon to be mobile son safe . I also purchased the 10.5 inch extensions . They were very easy to install and work great . I chose these for the auto close feature and easy open feature . I wanted our daughter to be able to open them herself , but wanted it to close behind her in case she forgot . With a little instruction she can open and close them fine now.My only complaint is my cats are too lazy to jump over them , but with their essential items on the first floor I 'm sure they will figure it out soon .
 We used two of these gates for our stairs - one at the bottom and one at the top . They were GREAT !!! Our 4 yr old daughter figured them out pretty quickly which was helpful -LRB- most of the time ! -RRB- yet they were strong enough to withstand our 2.5 yr old trying to get through them . The auto-close feature was most helpful in keeping the dog from following me everywhere ; - -RRB-
 I bought this gate after trying to find something that would work in my large living room opening . It adjusted perfectly . And now , we use it in our small condo to close off the kitchen . It 's held up well with dogs and baby . And the fact that it fits multiple spaces makes it a great affordable baby neccesity .
 We use this for 2 `` jack and jill '' upstairs bedroom doors . Works well . Very pleased with quality .
 The gate requires a level to install because if it is off in any direction it will pop off and it does so with a good amount of stored energy . This is due to the top bar being bent out slightly to give it a super snug fit when installed.The first time the gate popped out of place was when our Newfie , who is not accustomed to hardwoods , slid head first into it after attempting to get to some guests at the front door . He is 160lbs so I 'm sure even a screwed in gate would have come off . I reinstalled using a 5ft level and checked to make sure it was perfectly installed - again . The second time it came off happened when our cat -LRB- all 9lbs of his scrawny self -RRB- jumped off from the top of it . The gate flew out about 4 feet , the tension screws another 4 feet.After that I immediately measured and re-setup the gate using the screw-in holders . Hopefully this will alleviate any future problems . I would recommend that everyone use these little pieces due to the amount of tension placed on the gate.Regarding installation
 I am happy with these gates so far i have ordered 2 gates and 3 of the extension pieces to go along with them the build quality is strong and the gates are heavy not light so there built good . my daughter is 8 months old and she wiggle 's them and does anything she can to try to get through and i feel totally comfortable relying on the gates because they are sturdy and well made . ordered two more gates but have to wait because amazon is sold out but we knew that when we ordered them . but our first two gates came in quick and on time . we order things through amazon all the time and never had a complaint about it yet . we also have to Two large dogs both Black Lab Size and they to do not get through the gates .
 this is my second pack of gates . . love it !! they are great . . i wanted something that i could keep my tiny dog in . . 21/2 lbs . . alot of other gates had to large of slots . . and i also wanted a gate that could be opened by my 3 yr old pretty easily . . they work great !! i now have 4 of these gates in my house . . i love that they come in such different sizes . . adding extensions make it possible to put the same gate all over your house and not have a bunch of different gates to figure out . .
 After three previous children and three sets of previous gates I finally found some worth the price . These are fabulous . My youngest loves to stand up holding the bars and shake them back and forth and they do not open . They are easy to install and to adjust . I use them on all my childrens rooms . At night for security purposes I put a piece of pipe insulation over the bottom bar lock to keep them from closing all the way and that way if there is an emergency they can get out easily and do n't have to fiddle with the gate . The pipe insulation also works great to keep them from locking when the baby is asleep . I also have the extra tall gate near our back door where our lab has his bed . He can not jump this one and it is sturdy enough that when he puts his front paws on it he can not move it . Even better it is made of metal and he ca n't chew it up either . Recommend these to everyone with a baby or dog !
 I bought the 2 pack of these baby gates in black to use to confine my dogs to a specific area of the house . The gates close securely and with the additional extensions that can be ordered in different lengths , the system is very versatile . I wish these had been available when my children were little as with a gate , they are more convenient than the systems that you have to remove every time you want to enter a room . Being painted metal , they are easy to keep clean and with the pressure mounting can be moved at will without making holes in walls . The pressure mounting is holds securely to the walls so that they are less likely to be pushed down . We had my husband 's grandmother living with us for the last 4 years of her life and I wish that I would have had this system as we worried about her falling downstairs and also trying to go upstairs when she really was n't in a physical condition to do so safely . As a nurse , I would recommend this system to anyone taking care of a fragile elderly person or child . I am extremely satisfied with this purchase and I have ordered additional extensions .
 I bought 3 of the dreambaby gates for the stairs going to the basement as well as the second floor . These are very well made and look very nice as well.Key things I liked about these gates were :1 . Opens both ways2 . Closes by itself3 . My 5 year old can open it but my little one can not no matter how much he tries : - -RRB- Pressure mounted system works great . I would recommend these to anybody and infact my sister bought the same after she saw these at my place .
 This was super easy to install and works great.I was a little concerned because I live in an old place with narrow doorways -LRB- 28 '' -RRB- but with a little work , it went in just fine . They 're really easy to use and appear to be very durable . I like the metal construction.The opening is wide , so passing through while carrying the baby or any number of large , baby-related items is no problem.Highly recommend .
 They are heavy and sturdy . Easy to install . I did n't use the extension on one so I could use it on the other .
 I bought this and theNorth States Easy Close Deluxe Gate , Bronze . This is the one to buy . Easy to install . Fits a standard door without the extension bars -LRB- provided -RRB- . Opens very easily using one hand , in both directions , and closes automatically with a magnetic closure . I found the North States gate much harder to open . I bought a bronze gate -LRB- North States -RRB- and a white gate -LRB- this one -RRB- , and I do prefer the white . It is a clean look . Definitely the color to get if you have white framed doors . It blends in very nicely .
 Very pleased with this gate , over all . It certainly seems that my little Houdini guy will not be able to open it until he is much older and that was a big concern . The swing-closed feature works well and is nice when your hands are full . The typical hallway , doorway , stair or entry that this gate would be used in will require that you purchase more than just the extensions in this particular package . Even if you measure properly there 's always something you wish fit differently . In hind sight I wish I had gone with the taller version . Little Houdini is now an ambitious climber .
 I wish this would have been around when I had my first child ! We take this hook on chair with us everywhere ! To friends houses , to restaurants etc. . We actually hook it to the bar top in our kitchen -LRB- very safe -RRB- so our son can watch me cook and get dinner ready , then we move it to our table . Very easy to use and every child that we have put in it seems to really like it . I recommend this product to all parents . Works great for small homes and does not take up any room like a traditional high chair does . Comes apart easily to go in the washing machine when it gets dirty .
 This is a very well designed item . It could have been better by having the arms lock in the collapsed position to make it easier to carry around.But other than that small detail , this is great . Very easy to put on edge of table and lock in place . Also very easy to remove.Baby loves sitting with everyone at table . It 's very sturdy and locks on to table edge securely.This is a must have item .
 This is a great high chair ! It is very easy to clean , just throw the cover in the washing machine -LRB- which is very easy to get off and put back on -RRB- . This is the only high chair we need for eating at home or out . We are able to take it on and off of a table in a little less than a minute . The only down side that I have seen is that the underside is very long . We have a standard bar top , which the seat just about fits , although it sticks out a tiny bit too far . If your table has leaves or various supports , then you may have to place the seat in one particular spot . But if you are flexible with where you put the seat , then you should n't have any problems . All in all , we love it !
 My son had this chair for my 15 month grandson -LRB- after buying an expensive highchair -RRB- ; and we all loved it so much that I also purchased one for my house . It is easy to attach and clean . Incidentally , we longer use the `` expensive '' highchair .
 Great for grandaughters visits . She loves sitting at the table with us . Easy to set up , store & clean . No need to store a big highchair . My daughter liked it so much she bought one for her house & she already has a highchair .
 I bought this for my daughter and her 6 mo. old baby . She loves it . Easy to use , versatile , easy to clean . She said that out of all the gadgets -LRB- bouncer seats , play seats , activity centers , etc. -RRB- this item is the most useful .
 This was for our 4th baby who just turned 6 months , can hold his head up and just started sitting up on his own . With the other kids , we had high chairs and like others have said , what a pain those are ! Not to mention expensive , cumbersome , and took more time and effort just to clean it than use it . After reading the reviews about this Chicco hook-on chair , I was a little concerned about the table clearance . Our kitchen table is a farmer style one with natural wood top and painted white legs . It has a table lip of about 3.5 '' high . The hook-on chair works perfectly ! We did purchase the foldable Kiddopotomas placemat with crumb-catcher that 's seen in some of the pictures . The two work great together . We are thrilled and highly recommend this set !
 Ever walk into a eatery and find the high chairs discusting , much less want to put your child in that thing ? Who used this last , or when was the last time it was sanitized , not just wiped down , but really cleaned ? This clever device changes all that and one can even throw it in the wash after coming home to insure it 's clean . I can even hang it on the glass table at home and it seems to function well . Really a great idea and not expensive . A handy tool and I would beg every young family to invest in one .
 What a fantastic idea for a portable high chair . It fold flat , weighs very little , can work just about anywhere . It keeps my grandson safe and sound.My only concern is for the length of the arm pieces . When attached to our kitchen counter or dining room table , there is a gap between the table and the chair . This leaves room for food to fall to the carpet . I have one of the rubber placemats that can be placed to catch most of the dropped food . We all love that as well.With that being said , I would still definately recommend the Hook On Chair to anybody who has a baby . We all love it !!
 I LOVE this product . everything about it is easy . Set up ... take down and everything in between . My only regret is that I did n't buy one sooner ! I was a little affraid that with my first child he would fall out or it would n't hold his weight ... he is n't big at all . . I think it was just a mothers worry . . if something would happen ... kind of thing . Now with my second child we finally bought one . . and we LOVE it ... I wish we had this with the first one . So if you are looking for something easy to put together and easy to carry around this is what you want !! : -RRB-
 We LOVE this chair . I was tired of the bulky high chair in our kitchen and this is the perfect solution . Our daughter loves to be a big girl in it and we know that our friends have one they bring camping and attach to picnic tables , we are looking forward to that this summer too . My only complaint is that under the handles that are on the surface it gets a little buildup from all the toddler spills and food . We would highly recommend this and are very happy with it overall .
 This portable high chair works really well for our little lady . She 's small for her age so the highchairs restaurants supply are too big and dangerous for her . They are also really dirty.I 'm so happy we bought this high chair . Its easy to put up and take down after the intial attempt . I just wish when you collapse the support arms , they would lock in place . The support arms only lock in place when you are using the chair but when you need to fold it up and carry it , the support arms are loose and swing back and forth . This makes for slightly difficult transport . We resolved the problem on our own by using a strap to secure the support arms together once its folded up.It is a little heavy to carry around as well . Overall a good purchase and would recommend to others .
 We have been using this for the last 6 months every time we go out to eat or visit friends . We use theSummer Infant Tiny Diner , Greentable cover under it to protect from restaurant tables . We LOVE it . It is easy to use and easy to carry ! A MUST BUY ! It is so nice to be able to put our son up to the table and feed him on the table intead of those highchairs the restaurants supply .
 My daughter is 6 months old and still a bit small for it . The chair itself is pretty deep probably more well suited for an older child . I like the release grips on the handles , they make for easy removal from the table . I recommend tightening the red knobs by the release grips for a more secure fit . I did not read the instructions and therefore was unaware of that feature until I started to investigate a little wobbliness . The rubber arms are a nice feature , no scratches on the table yet ! So far the chair seems pretty sturdy . I wanted to try to use it while out to eat but it seems rather bulky to lug around . I might think about packing it while on a vacation though . It definitely saves space for us in our apt where we do n't have much room for a free standing high chair . I have had this item for a month and have not had any problems so far . There was only one place on my table where it would n't fit because of a deep inset lip on the underside .
 We have VERY limited space in our house and the kitchen table only has two chairs . This not only fits on our table perfectly , it 's sturdy and I do n't feel uncomfortable leaving my 10 mo old sitting in it while I do the dishes or sweep , etc. . The price is very reasonable for the product . I plan to purchase another for my in-laws . I took some pictures of how it looks/hooks on my little table but I ca n't load them . Well worth the money - ca n't say that enough !
 This chair works great . It hooks in very easily and comes down just as such . The backing is nice and high for back support and it is wide all the way around . The only downfall of this chair is the underside . You need to have a table that has no random boards underneath it , or else it wo n't fit . I can only put this chair in certain spots at our kitchen table . Other than that it works fine .
 This has been , by far , the most used device alongside our stroller and grocery cart seat cover . It stays in the car and we get asked about where we got it all the time . Watch out for tables that want to tip over , if your baby is a little heavier ! Great purchase !
 We have used this for our daughter from age 6 mos to 3 years , inlcuding taking it overseas , and it 's fabulous because baby is right up at the table , and there 's no high chair to clean -LRB- and take up space -RRB- . The arms come out easily and the cover removes for washing.the rest of the Product Description reads as follows : For safety , the table chair includes a three point safety harness system that retrains but does not restrict baby for maximum comfort . The seat padding can be removed and machine washed . This Hook On Table Chair is safe and sturdy and uses a secure system designed to fasten to the bottom of table . The padded handles sit flat against the top of your table and the universal double locking system hooks and locks to secure the chair to your table .
 We love our Chicco high chair ! Our baby ca n't yet sit up on his own , yet the straps on this chair support him well enough to help train him to do so ! Love it !
 We first got this chair as a hand me down from a friend . We live in NYC and space is at a premium , so we did not want a regular high chair taking up so much space . This chair is a lifesaver for us . The only real problem we have found with it is that it is not durable in the sense of `` last forever '' . It really only lasts around two years , about enough for one kid , before it starts to rip at the arm seams . We are on our 3rd kid and on our 3rd Hook On Chair -LRB- Red -RRB- . The complaints about food getting ground in are valid . I 'm sorry to say that we just leave the thing attached to our table all the time , wiping it down , and when it gets bad we take it off and I clean it in the bathtub -LRB- takes about 5 minutes -RRB- and let it dry -LRB- half a day -RRB- . If I did this everyday I would drive myself crazy.The complaints about putting it on and taking it off are not really valid . If you can get on your hands and knees under the table then you can do it , it 's not complicated , just loosen the knobs a bit by twisting and then pull the trigger to release each support . To install , shove the supports up to the table underside and tighten by twisting . You do have to work around extra legs and beams etc. underneath your table , if it has such things.We keep the Kiddopotamus place mat underneath it , which saves the table and the lap and floor -LRB- mostly -RRB- . I 'm buying another one here on Amazon today -LRB- # 3 for # 3 -RRB- .
 I bought this chair for my 1 year old son to take with us on a camping trip . He LOVES being able to sit directly at the table with all of us . He is a bigger baby -LRB- 29pounds -RRB- but this chair feels sturdy and barely moves no matter how active he gets . It fit snugly against the picnic table and was very easy to install . It folds up pretty compactly and is easy to clean . FYI , the tabletop must be at least .75 inches thick and no more than 1.5 inches thick . The chair should not be used on single leg tables , card tables or table extensions . Also , the maximum child weight is 37 pounds . Overall , I was very satisfied with this purchase .
 We love this chair . Our 18 month old daughter has been using it since she was 5 months old . We bring it with us everywhere , and we use it at home all the time . I did n't think it was that much of a novelty , but literally every where we take it , people comment on how neat it is ! It stays hooked to our home table until we go out to eat . We use it with a Kiddopotamus Tinydiner Placemat , which has a handy trough that fills in the small gap between the chair and the table.Best things : * No germy public high chairs ! The times I forgot her Chicco chair , I 've used baby wipes on the public chairs and YUK ! * The chair is familiar to her even in unfamiliar environments . Because she got used to using `` table manners '' at home , she knows how to behave at restaurants . * We love it because she sits right at the table with us instead of in a high chair next to the table . She is a great eater , and I think part of it may be that she 's always been a part of our meals together , just another person at the table . * Compact -- We had a small kitchen in our previous house , and a typical high chair would make things pretty tight . This is easy to clean around/under because it 's part of the table . This also folds down super small for travel , whether right down the street or on a long trip . * Easy to fold , unfold , and attach . * Easy to clean and quick to dry . Ours gets pretty funky pretty fast , so we 're always cleaning it with a scrub sponge and some dish/hand soap . It still looks like new after much abuse ! * Inexpensive -- try it ! What have you got to lose ? If you buy some big high chair and it ends up not working out , you 're out $ 100 ! Cons : * There are n't many , but one would be that there is no tray to catch spills . Our daugher learned not to spill quickly , probably because it ended up all over her every time . So maybe this is a pro ?! * Tips flimsy tables in some restaurants . We have had to put a chair under her and a couple of times , not use it at all . This got to be more of an issue when she got bigger.In response to other reviewers , we have no trouble fitting it to our large table , with multiple leaf inserts and a wide skirt . We have only had it not fit 2 other tables at restaurants . I do n't think it 's heavy , and I 'm kind of a wimp . I never take it apart to wash , I just stick it in the sink and scrub it off with a sponge . I do n't find the harness an issue because I never use it . I do n't have the kind of child who will agree to be harnessed into a chair when she is ready to get up . If she wants up , we get up ! This is why I am shopping for a booster seat now -- I take my child 's constant getting up out of this seat as a cue that she has outgrown it , not physically , but ability-wise , and do n't think Chicco installing a 5 point harness on the chair would change that .
 I ca n't recommend this as your only high chair . We use it more for travel and one-offs . It comes apart and goes together just like any other baby item . The fabric is 100 % machine washable and comes out of the wash like new . We use it when we do n't want the excessive bulk of a high chair but need the baby to sit at the table for a while.Stand-alone high chairs are comparatively huge but we use it as a play station hold the kid in the kitchen or living room , not just to eat.We took it to a vacation home last week and just rotated the different aged babies in and out of it . No hazards at all . We cleaned it at the end of the week in the washing machine . Good as new.I only wish it folded itself into a more convenient carry case because it is great for travel , but a tad clunky .
 I bought this from babyrus but I read reviews from this website and noticed some people complained the fabric can not be washed . I was mislead at the beginning particularly on the package it says `` Wipe-clean nylon seat '' ! One day I was just exploring , I took the connector arms off , and tried to remove the curved mental part and I was supprised it 's not difficult at all ! I also took out the pad and then washed the fabric under faucet , and before I apply any detergent the food stuck on it has gone !
 My Chicco Caddy Hook On Chair arrived on time in excellent condition . It is very handy and portable too . I use it when my grandkids come over and they love sitting at the table with the grown ups . It 's easy to use and clean . I would highly recommend this product .
 This is the THIRD Chicco hook-on chair that I 've bought . It 's a great option if you do n't want a huge , bulky high chair in your life . The cover can be easily washed -- I ca n't stand highchairs that are encrusted with food -- and quickly removed/broken down/stashed away if you want your table to be more adult ! My previous two chairs were the slightly more expensive model with hippo-shaped clips . -LSB- See link at end of review . -RSB- I think this model is probably worth the extra $ because the nylon seems to be finer and just better quality . In addition , the chair seems to have more padding and looks more comfortable . -LRB- It also comes with a carry bag if you want to take it to a restaurant or use it while traveling . -RRB- Both models are extremely stable -- and if you have any reservations about the safety of this style chair , put them aside . I 've never worried about the hook-on mechanism . That said , the one huge caveat is that these chairs do n't have five-pt harnesses , so if your child is a climber , which my youngest is , he/she will probably be able to wriggle free from the seat belt and attempt to escape -- obviously a dangerous scenario . My other children NEVER , EVER so much as tried this , so the Chicco hook-ons worked beautifully and we used them for a long , long time . Definitely think about the temperament of your child when you consider this product . It 's either a dream come true or a total nightmare ! -LRB- Hopefully the former ! -RRB- Chicco Hippo Travel Seat - Adventure
 I bought this when my DD was around 4 months old , it has a 5 point harness and she had gread head control at the time so it worked very well . I love this product , we bring it everywhere with us and it fits on every table we 've ever tried.My only complaint is that it is a HUGE pain to clean . You need to thread the fabric onto a curved bar , which takes some patience .
 This is a great chair - started getting our little girl used to sitting at the table when she was just 4 months old -LRB- few towels and pillows needed then ... -RRB- of course there may be table fitting issues - the mfg ca n't accommodate EVERY style of table - but worked great on our inside and our outside picnic style table - what is cool is that our daughter really gets the feeling of being up with us , and while we are very anti-crib and other restrictive child devices , the fact that she can not just trot away on her own seems to have gotten her used to the idea of a meal time together - so she actually likes being in the chair with us during eating times -- built pretty well , easy to clean - simple enough to take with - a good deal for under $ 40 --
 Hey , guess what ? Babies are messy ! If you have a problem undoing two snaps and throwing the cover in the washer , then maybe having a baby is n't for you . I 'm from the school of thought that babies do n't need to overtake your home with ten thousand different enormous plastic monstrosities , one for each activity . I am also not into sterilizing everything with lysol . I unsnap the cover in two seconds and throw it in the wash . How easy is that ? This little chair can clamp to my kitchen island , the dining room table , restaurant tables ... and it clamps down firmly . The first time I attached it , I tugged and tugged just to test it and I could n't pull it off . My baby stays buckled in and likes having the entire table to see . Great product .
 I bought this chair because I was tired of having to take sanitizing wipes to the restaurants to clean the high chairs . The straps on those things are alway broken too . This chair folds nicely under the seat in my car and is super sturdy . My son loves it and he can sit up with us like a big boy . Its very stylich and my husband doesnt mind using it because its not `` baby like '' . I do n't feel like it 's going to slip off the table ever and fits on ALL tables . I give this high chair 5 stars !!!
 I really like this item because it kept things out of the way and my daughter actually stayed in it . I could easily take it to the restaurant and there was n't an extra chair in the way .
 Wanting to have seating for our 2 grandchildren -LRB- under 1 year old -RRB- but not wanting the expense and space requirements of conventional high chairs , we chose the Chicco Caddy Hook On Chair . This chair secures firmly to our kitchen table and is very easy to attach to the table when our grandchildren visit . An excellent product .
 This is a wonderful hook on chair . I love the color , we got the red one . We use it @ the house so the little one can sit @ the table w / us . It is nice not to have another huge piece of baby gear in our small eating / living area . Seems easy to clean and will be great to take w / us .
 Overall , this product suited us for its intended purpose , and I would recommend it to others . We bought it as a substitute high chair while we were visiting family . What drew us to it was A -RRB- its compactness ; and B -RRB- its ability to fit over a fairly wide table skirting . It was easy to assemble and easy to install.Here are the `` negatives '' that I identified . First , it can be difficult to release from the table ; I have pinched the webbing between my forefinger and thumb more than once while wrestling with it . The other drawback I have found is that when I collapse it for travel , it does n't lock into this position . Therefore , if the sides of the frame swing back out into position , they reengage their locks and the seat is no longer nice and compact . -LRB- Perhaps it does lock in the collapsed position and I just have n't figured it out yet . -RRB- In summary , these negatives are really more just irritants -- nothing that ca n't be lived with .
 This chair is by far a better choice for us than a traditional high chair . We use it daily at the breakfast bar in our kitchen and on our dining table as well . It is so simple and easy to transfer . It washes easily , it is comfy for the baby -LRB- 7 months -RRB- , and she wo n't outgrow it right away . I highly recommend this to anyone considering it.The customer Service I received from Babywarehouse was amazing as well . I forgot to change my Amazon account to ship to my new address when I placed the order . I called the company and they made a delivery intercept with UPS with no problem . They were fast and curteous and I was pleased with their service .
 My kid loves it and I love it . He is thrilled to be closer to the table with us . However there is a lef on the table that hits one of the brackets so we have it a little cockeyed , but it still does the job . Taking off the cover is a bit of wrestle , but it does clean easily once it 's off . Also , I 'm really glad it has a buckle to keep my kid in it until I 'm ready to help him out . Great product !
 We love to have our kids eat w / us at the table . At home , we use the Stokke high chairs . On the road , we use this one . Its a little heavy , but that 's because its a solid piece . It works great and my kids love it . I have friends that use this on their counter/breakfast bar , everyday .
 I love this chair . It is better than most restaurant high chairs because my little guy is n't big enough to reach the table yet . I have n't found a table it does n't fit on yet , even ones with huge lips around the bottom . The only downside is that sometimes I have trouble getting the fabric off to wash .
 We use this at home , not for travel . -LRB- I do n't think it would be very convenient as a travel chair - too heavy and awkward to carry around . -RRB- Fits our table with a 4-inch skirt . Very sturdy . Only thing I do n't like is the material - does n't wipe clean easy . And the latch on the straps seems to stick and can be hard to undo sometimes .
 The seat works great , is easy to use and easy to clean - but it took me a bit to figure out how to keep the mess from landing in my toddler 's lap on its way to his mouth . The solution ? Buy a toddler place mat with this hook-on chair .
 we absolutely can not say enough good things about this chair . we love it - the compactability , the sturdiness , the easy cleaning . we love having our son part of the family meals .
 Our baby girl is 1 year old , my wife and I love to go out to eat specially on week ends . Often we have surprised our selves when many restaurants do n't have enough high chairs , and when they do , either the seat belt is missing or defective , or they are so filthy we have to personally clean them up . Also when we visit our parents or other relatives and friends , hey do n't have high chairs period ! . The best way to ensure our baby girl is not running away or having one of us taking car of here `` of the table '' , is with this fantastic high chair . Our baby is on the table at our hand and in a secure and clean place . An extra is that the system itself holds the table clothe in place so it will not be pulled of by here.IT DOES STAY IN PLACE AND IT IS ROBUST ENOUGH TO HOLD HERE WHEN SHE 'S TRYING TO FREE HERSELF .
 A great product for my Grandson when he visits . There is no high chair to move around .
 Our daughter loved being able to sit directly at the table , instead of on the side in her high chair . It 's easy to clean , we 'd just take it off the frame and put it in the washing machine . It is very sturdy , and fit fine on all 4 tables we 've used it on , even ones with a large lip . I think maybe others did n't read the instructions on how to adjust the clamps.Our only problem with this chair is that the safety belt is not sufficient in holding our 14 mo. down when she tries to stand up . Maybe she has a funny shape to her , because no matter how tight the belt is , she always manages to stand up and slip out . So basically we can only use this if we are sitting within reach of her . I wonder if the company can re-adjust the strap placement , because we are certainly not the only ones with a little houdini !
 I purchased this for my 6-month-old son who is just starting solids . We live in a townhome where the downstairs is a shared living , dining and kitchen space that is already overrun with baby playmats , strollers , pack n play , and swings , so I really could n't afford to spend anymore floor space on the baby ! I also did n't want to spend $ 100 - $ 200 on a high chair . The hook-on chairs were the perfect solution , but review after review said that wide apron tables were an issue with the chairs actually being able to hook on -LRB- I did n't even know what an apron in reference to a table was until now ! -RRB- . This chair easily fits around our 4-inch wide apron , and it 's literally a cinch to use . It 's small , travels well , and I love that we can take it to restaurants . The only reason I 'm giving it 4 stars is because it 's still a little big for our 6-month-old to use . Until he can sit up unassisted , we wo n't be able to use it . I think it 's an excellent purchase though !
 We absolutely love this chair ! With shipping , we ended up paying about $ 50 and that included courier service to Canada . If you 're looking for high-end , all the nifty gadgets , this probably is n't for you , but if you 're simply looking for a fun chair that takes up little space , this would be a great buy .
 Super easy to fold , and to dissemble for cleaning . The pieces are straight forward enough , so the first installation is simple . The snaps in the fabric make cleaning fast . We had a different hook chair that had a toggle hold system for the fabric and get it back on after a wash was close to impossible . We will be buying another one of these when we have a our second , since it will fit my son for some time and he big -LRB- 13mos and 25lbs -RRB- .
 Once again our new granddaughter got the best hook on high chair made ! The Chicco is sturdy and well built and it is so easy to attach to the table for feeding time or even playtime . I would so recommend this hook on baby high chair as it is portable and we are always on the &#34; go &#34; . It will be especially great for camping too ! What are you waiting for ? Buy one now !
 I bought this for use by our great grandson . We love the ease in setting it up and taking it down . It feels very secure stable . It also folds down for easy storage . We love it !
 It is so nice to have our baby eating at the table with us and not separate from us ! It 's easier to feed her and she loves it , too . It 's easy to take off and on , travel with , and clean . I would suggest this to anyone who wants to avoid the bulky normal highchair . We love this !
 We bought this chair to be used while we were relocating from the US to France with my company -LRB- that involved a couple months in temporary housing without our normal things -RRB- . This has worked great for our 1 year old . Houses , restaurants etc. . We take it with us and it works just fine .
 I have twins who are a year old . We would often go to dinner and there would n't be enough high chairs or we would take the only two high chairs in the place , and when someone else would need a high chair we would feel guilty . Plus restaurant high chairs often have broken straps , and are dirty.These small hook on chairs hook to most tables . We set one on each side of the table , to even out the weight of the boys . The boys love to giggle , wiggle and dance and these chairs work great.Yes some tables do n't work with this chair , Some tables have a weird lip on some sides , and not others . I would recommend just trying it out . Placing it on different sides of the table.I have run into trouble where the part that pushes up against the bottom of the table ca n't reach the table completely because of an odd small lip , so I just get it as tight as I can to the weird lip . It has worked fine . Just double check that you ca n't wiggle the chair off the table before you set your child in it . It should fit snug , or atleast snug enough to where your child ca n't scoot it back far enough.The only bad thing aboutt his chair is it does n't fold up . It would be nice if it folded up , but it does n't . It still is a great chair though .
 We love the color , how sturdy , easy to adjust to table , easy to clean , convenience and most of all baby loves it !!
 We got this when our oldest son -LRB- now 2 -RRB- was less than a year for traveling and visiting friends . It is great and sturdy and holds a little one well . The only drawbacks I see are :1 . having to attach it to a table - I had n't thought about this , but it does n't fit on every table so ca n't be used everywhere we go . Plus , not everyone we visit wanted something secured on their table in the event it hurt the finish on the table .2 . it folds flat , but wo n't stay folded unless held closed - I wish there were some latch on it to keep it flat so it would n't pop open.I like that it does n't use an adult chair like other booster seats or high chairs , though sometimes that style would be easier to set up than having to strap one to the table .
 I use this high chair in a restaurant . It is fantastic . Easy to use , easy to clean , and durable . Best one I have found
 We have been using a Munchkin Feeding Friend Portable Hook On Chair - Monkey for about 6 months and it is horrible . This chair out of the box and on install was fantastic.Pros
 The design and locking system is pretty simple . This chair will fit 99 % of the tables . Do n't believe the bad reviews , pay close attention at this pictures , the dimensions and you should figure out if it will work for you .
 We bought this hook on high chair to take with us when travelling or visiting family and friends away from home where no high chair was available for our infant daughter . This has been terrific . Easy to assemble and to take anywhere . It 's also comes in handy when friends with infants/toddler come to visit us , we now have the extra chair to use . It does n't fit all tables though and can be a little tricky given particular tables , but definitely more useful that not ! Definitely recommend for the parents on the go !
 versatile and handy . A bit cumbersome for one person to open and hook , but once you get the hang of it , it 's definately worth it . It works nicely around large lips on the edge of tables . GREAT VALUE !
 We did n't want a bulky high chair to take up space in our house . We also have a counter height table . Our son LOVES to sit in this chair to be at the table with us . He 's been in the chair since he was able to sit up well -LRB- 6mo -RRB- . In the beginning , it was a little big for him so we just put a towel behind him . He 's now 10.5 mo and still loves it.Pros
 The chicco Caddy Hook on Chair is n't only fantastic when going to restaurants or traveling , but we use it solely at home now . The hook and padding that touches the table is covered in rubber therefore does n't scratch the wooden table . I like the fact that our baby is right at the table with us while we are eating , not submersed in some huge high-chair with it 's own table that also make it hard to place the baby right at the table with us . I do recommend a plastic place mat .
 This seat is great and fits on most tables . We 've taken this on several out of town trips and have n't had a problem . There are no problems with stability , its an easy clean up and stores easily since it is so compact once broken down.If you travel with your baby or eat at places other than your home a lot this chair is perfect . There is so much you have to pack when traveling with a baby so having something compact and reliable like this is definitely a help . We 've had no problems so far . We 've been using this seat since my daughter was about 9 months old and she is now 18 months .
 I highly recommend this chair to anyone who has little ones and travels or makes lots of trips to Grandma 's . It is very easy to attach . There is lots of room and it folds flat so does not take up a lot of space when not in use . Worth EVERY PENNY !!!
 Like a lot of previous reviewers , we started out with a more conventional high chair . I 'd wanted to try a hook on chair before , but when you are a new mom and there are all of these images of standard high chairs everywhere it 's difficult to consider other options.I bought the Chicco Caddy and brought it home . It was easy to attach to our table , and comfortable for our 2 month old . He really seems to enjoy sitting at the table , and being a part of the family when we eat . It 's very handy to put him in while I do work in the kitchen as well.Can we talk about what a huge space saver this is ? My gosh ! It folds up and can be tucked away in a cabinet . Ta-da ! I ca n't understand why anyone would go with a standard high chair!We have taken the Chicco Caddy with us multiple times to friends ' homes and restaurants as well . It is very easily portable and a cinch to attach to most any table . There is no unfamiliar high chair to wrangle our son into , and he has his own comfortable spot in a new place.One issue I had initially was that there is a space between the table and the edge of the Chicco Caddy . Food will fall through that space , and get all over the fabric edge of the Caddy . Minimal clean up , but still kind of an annoyance . I purchased a Summer Infant Tiny Diner , and have found that to resolve the issue perfectly . It functions as a little placemat and over laps the space between the table and the Caddy . The food trough catches a great deal of what would normally end up in our son 's lap.The two products work beautifully together , so I recommend getting a Tiny Diner to go with your Chicco Caddy . ** Update ** Our son is now 13 months old and pretty feisty . He has plenty of room to move in the Caddy and will use it if not strapped in securely ! Some users have complained about cleaning difficulty and I sympathize . The first two times I laundered it , I had a difficult time getting the fabric separated from the frame , and then reassembling . I think a learning curve coupled with the fabric softening a bit has made it much easier to disassemble and assemble . A year after the initial purchase I am still happy with this product . We use it 2-3 times a day , and it travels with us often.Summer Infant Tiny Diner , Green
 We absolutely love this . We bought it last summer for camp , but now keep it in the trunk to go to any restaurant with us and anyones house that does n't have a high chair . It is comfortable , roomy and perfect . We love this and could n't imagine life without it ! It stores easily and we get compliments in every restaurant we go to !
 Great chair , love how it saves space . The fabric has a woven texture , so it 's a bit hard to wipe up , but it works great and it was a good purchase . The clamp design makes it easy to fit on different table sizes . Some people have complained about the large gap between the chair and the baby - I just put her bib on and have the bib drape over the gap so the end tucks between the chair and the table , and that seems to work well .
 I bought this from Babies R Us but I plan to return it . I like that the chair seems very sturdy and unlike some other reviews I did n't have any problems attaching or detaching it from the table , however the bulkiness of it makes it more of a hassle as a travel high chair . And like other people experienced , it does n't work with my table due to the slider bars underneath that are used to for adding in a table leaf . If it did fit , I knew it would have just barely , so it was a gamble on my part . I 'm sure it would work great for taking to restaurants and using on basic tables , however for my own personal circumstances it 's not the right product for me . I 've ordered the Inglesina Fast Table Chair , so hopefully that will work better . The thing that I really did n't care for was that it was just bulky to carry around . It did n't fold up nice and neat like the Phil & Teds and it certainly was n't as compact . I would totally recommend as a hook on chair used all the time at home , but not for carting around for travel due to the inconvenience of the size .
 I bought this for my 8-month-old daughter because I was frustrated with how unwieldly the high chair we used for my son was . It took up a ton of space in our smallish kitchen and was awkward at the dining room table . We love the hook-on chair ! I hook it to the kitchen island while I 'm cooking , my daughter is content to be nearby watching me , and I 'm not working around an enormous high chair . At mealtime I unhook it and put it back on the kitchen table so she can join us for dinner . It 's working out great for us !
 This seat is EXTREMELY DURABLE & to date , it 's fit on EVERY type of table we 've tried it on !!! One of my biggest gripes is how NASTY most high chairs get in restaurants - they just CA N'T BE AT ALL SANITARY , and that , quite honestly disgusts me . This seat goes with us EVERYWHERE & there is n't a time that we take it someplace & we DO N'T get a compliment on it - everyone that sees it in use asks where we got it ? And , for how much ? It really is one of THE BEST purchases we 've made to use with our kids , I only wish these were available with our first two . It 's very easy to hook on a table & very easy to take off ! The ONLY thing you must be aware of -LRB- and this has NOTHING to do with the actual seat or the manufacturer -RRB- ... but if your child is one that likes to bounce up & down at all while eating ... you MUST have this on a table that is heavy or bolted to the wall/floor , otherwise , the table will bouce all over & it makes me very , VERY uneasy . In this situation , we just do n't use it . This has gotten its use out of it & it has another year of life left in it until our son is just too big for it . Another thing that 's EXTREMELY nice about this item , is the fact that the seat cover can easily be removed & washed when needed . This may not get used by a new Mom right away , but once their new little one is sitting up , it WILL get used LOTS & LOTS ... in my opinion ... this is a MUST for a Baby Shower Gift/Baby Registry . It 's SOOOOO well worth the money !!!!!!
 I absolutely love this chair ! I bought it for my 6 month old so he could be at the table with us and my only regret is that I did not purchase it when my 3 year old was a baby ! This product is easy to assemble and very easy to attach/remove from table . My table is 41/2 inches thick , and I had no trouble attaching it to the table . My son feels like such a big boy and it is nice to have him right there eating like one of us . The chair is easy to clean which is nice too . The only suggestion I have is to insert a placemat under the arms to aide in cleanup after eating -LRB- I have a wood table -RRB- . Great Buy !
 We bought the Chicco Caddy Hook on Chair for our grandaughter -LRB- and her parents -RRB- . Our fourteen-month-old grandaughter loves to sit in the chair at the table when her older brother is working on projects with Mom . It helps her to feel like `` a big kid '' . And her parents love to take it with them when the family goes out to dinner or visits friends . They feel our grandaughter comes in contact with fewer germs , and the chair is so easily portable . They love it !
 It was easy to put the pieces together and get it attached to the table . Kid felt amazing being at the sime height as everyone else.Was safe and the best thing is that you can wash the seat whenever you want to .
 This chair is great if it fits your table , and if you do n't mind some damage to your table . We 've been using them for 2 years , and they 're holding up great . I bought our table knowing it would take some damage , so I do n't really care . It 's nice to not have to clean the floor around chair legs . The seat has been washed many times , and always gets quite clean , and is n't showing signs of wear .
 We have used this chair for many months and like the way it mounts to our early american table ! We also take it with us to restaurants and mount it at the end of a booth -LRB- our granddaughter loves sitting at our level -RRB- !! It could use a little thicker cushion in the seat . We take the canvas part off , remove the seat pad , and wash the cover in the washing machine on gentle cycle . It has retained its red color very nicely and still looks new !!!
 Sturdy chair attaches to any table , we even took it to the beach with us ! Seat cover wipes clean very easily , only criticism I would have is there were no color choices ... would have preferred something other than red but this is an awesome product for the money !
 This is a great chair ! We take it everywhere we go . It will hook on to most tables but at least our daughter does not have to sit in the restaurant high chairs -LRB- gross ! -RRB- It is very handy . It could use some type of clip to keep the legs together when it is folded up .
 Every where we go people tell us how cool this little seat is ! Our son loves having his own space and i love not having to deal with dirty high chairs ! It folds up nice and flat for storing in the back of the car and it comes apart to wash very easily . Definitely a worth while product !
 We go to the park a lot and this works great ! We also travel and this is perfect for visiting family and needing a chair . The only place it has not worked is at my Mother 's house because she has a huge handmade dining table that has drawers all around . We have used it at most restaurants and it has saved us from their highchairs . I read that most restaurant chairs that have been tested have more germs than the public toilets ! Yuk
 Exactly what I was looking for . I used something similar for my kids and purchased this newer model for my grand daughter and love it !!!
 Product was as described and advertise arrive on time or within the promise arrival time , totally satisfied with my purchase , Price was good
 Took it on a trip recently and it was easy to set up on many different types of tables . Also it does n't take up a lot of space and puts my little toddler at the table eating with us not towering over us . One minor nuisance that I wish would be a little different ; the arms do n't attach to the chair in any way for travel , we have just been putting it into an old purse but I will prolly end up attaching some fabric to the back that the arms can slid into easily .
 When my son was an infant , we purchased him a very fancy peg-perego highchair ... talk about a HEADACHE ! There were SO many nooks and crannies in that thing that it was a bigger production cleaning the thing than feeding him -LRB- and this was when he JUST started cereal ! -RRB- . We got rid of that contraption faster than you can change a babies diaper , and purchased this chair ... my life-saver ! First of all , do NOT put your baby into this chair until they can sit up fully unassisted . Since my son started solids at 6 months , he was already sitting up , but was a bit wobbly so I put a few rolled-up towels in the chair to support him . It was a bit difficult feeding him at first , since I could n't sit directly in front of him , but with some slight leaning , it was very do-able . The harness is a bonus , not because it will keep him from climbing OUT , but it keeps him from sliding DOWN from the chair . If you are looking for something you can put your child in and 1/2 pay attention while doing dishes , do not purchase this chair . Any product without a 5-point harness -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- requires full attention , and since I always give him my full-attention at meal time -LRB- or there is someone else there doing it -RRB- its not a problem for me -LRB- and just for the sake of it , my son has never tried to climb out , which obviously means he never managed to either -RRB- . Sometimes food can fall between him and the table , but it just falls onto the towel that I keep underneath his seat , and for the record , a LOT more food would wind up on the floor if he still used a highchair . This is because a highchairs tray is quite short compared to the length of our table , so if he throws something , it usually does not end up on the floor -LRB- which means less bending for mom and dad ! -RRB- And finally , the BEST part of this chair is the fact that it is VERY easy to clean ! Just wipe it off with a wet wash-cloth , and occasionally vacuum , and your done ! NO nooks OR crannies AT ALL , and I hate to say it , but EVERY highchair has nooks and crannies ... although some more than others . It also allows my son to be at the table with me and my husband during dinner , which means he learns our table-manners , and is not pushed off to the side in a highchair . The seat IS portable , but we ourselves do not bring it to restaurants -LRB- although it does come with us to other peoples houses -RRB- , since it is a bit of a pain to fold and unfold . Also , many restaurants do not have four legged tables , but rather a table with one leg in the middle , and that is VERY dangerous to use with this chair , because your babies weight could tip the table over if it becomes un-balanced . Here are the 3 main reasons I purchased the Caddy Hook-On chair rather than a booster seat that you attach to a regular kitchen chair ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- The booster chairs common , plastic , hard seating is not nearly as comfortable as the caddy 's fabric , and the seats that DO have fabric are usually very hard to clean -LRB- 2 -RRB- Those seats are NOT one piece like the caddy , and therefore they DO have nooks and crannies where rouge Cheerios or crumbs could climb into -LRB- ESPECIALLY the ones that have the un-needed reclining feature , and other adjustments -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- It means one less chair at the table , and to me , that is not very convenientI plan to either purchase another seat for my baby due in July , or re-use the one I have , it is the ONLY way to feed your baby with as little mess as possible !
 My daughter hated the highchair because she could n't sit at the table like her sister . Now , with this chair - she is eating with us ! It 's super easy to attach and I like that I can throw the fabric in the washer from time to time to clean it .
 This chair is very convenient , well made , and much better than other hook-on chairs I have seen . You can set it up securely to almost every table . Its clamp mechanism is very well designed.The only downsides are : The restraint system is only 3 point and does n't tighten very much , so babies that can climb could probably get out easily.The table hook arms do n't stay in a folded position during transport . This is easily solved by putting a baby ring around the arms , but I think the designers could have come up with a more elegant solution.Still , I recommend this chair . We usually have it hooked to our butcher block in the kitchen so our son can be right there with us while we cook . That in itself is worth the price . With all the baby junk we 've bought , this is one of the few things that has really been worth it .
 This high chair is the best . I bought this for my in-laws house to keep there and ended up keeping it with me at all times . It is awesome for the house because the baby feels like they are part of the meal time -LRB- important for development -RRB- . But also because I could bring it to my friends house , restaurant 's , and family 's house with no problem at all . It is an amazing chair and I will be buying this for all baby showers that I attend in the future !
 This is a fantastic baby seat to own . It 's easy to use , easy to clean , and breaks down small enough to fit into a suitcase for travel . We used it at restaurants when my son was still small enough to wiggle out of restaurant-style high chairs , and we 've used it every time we 've gone to stay with friends in other cities . I would even say that it could be used as your full-time high chair , if you have a sturdy table and not a lot of space in your house or apartment . Absolutely worth purchasing .
 We 've used this high chair camping , for picnics , at a wedding reception , and at Grandma 's house ... all in the first few days we 've owned it ! I love keeping it in the trunk of my car so I know i 'll never be stuck with no place for my little one to sit and join us . It seems sturdy and the canvas washes nicely in my washing machine .
 We have the hippo one . It has been used on and off for 5 yrs with 2 children . And it still looks brand new . I just leave it on the kitchen table and only move it to clean it . Over time i have learned to clean it . Most of the time just wipe it down ... but when it ready for a good cleaning ... do n't go though all the trouble of taking the cover off the frame ... it can take awhile . I just rinse the chair in the sink
 My husband and I bought this for our son when he was about five months old . He 's now 15 months old -LRB- and 23 lbs -RRB- and we 've been using it steady . It is SO easy to use , easy to transport in your car , easy to carry and we have never encountered a table -LRB- restaurant or other person 's home -RRB- where it would not fit and work . It 's a piece of cake , and honestly one of the best things I 've ever purchased for my baby ! The seat itself is made of nylon and snaps off , so it 's very easy to clean -- just toss it in the washing machine on cold ! He loves sitting in it , it 's very comfortable . We can snap him into the harness and he 's right at the table with us . It 's especially nice when you have multiple people around one table -- this little seat allows the child to cozy up and feel like part of the group without taking up floor space like a regular high chair . And , you do n't have to worry with your child being exposed to germs in those gross , over-used high chairs in restaurants . This way , you clean the table off with Clorox wipes , then put down a placement , and place the Chicco seat onto the table . It 's so simple . We LOVE it so much , we have given it three times now as baby shower gifts ! Trust me , this thing is a life saver !
 I bought this for my son although he is now 21/2 to keep him contained while trying to get him to eat dinner :-RRB- Well he ended up figuring out how to undo the straps just like everything else we have ! This isnt the highchairs fault so I still give it 5 stars . Its very sturdy , hooks onto the table perfectly . My son is 30 lbs and hasnt damaged it at all b/c of his weight . My daughter who is a baby will also sit in it from time to time but she uses a different highchair at the moment b/c of the seat recline . We love both of our highchairs -LRB- also have the fisher price rainforest deluxe -RRB- so this one will be kept at grandma and grandpa 's house soon since my son has already outgrown this ! Its great for grandparents as they can put it away easily once baby is no longer around and wont have a large highchair taking up space in their house . We are very happy with our purchase : -RRB-
 I 've had this chair for about a week so far , and I have no complaints . I have to disagree with some of the other reviewers that it is difficult to clean . I think it is a breeze to wipe down . It is sturdy and securely fits to the table . It was easy to assemble -LRB- took about 5 minutes or less -RRB- and even easier to attach to the table . We have a table skirt and it fits just fine . The only thing that the consumer should know is that if your table has a center leaf that folds down and stores under the table the chair wo n't attach unless the leaf is up and your table is at full size because the leaf gets in the way of the bottom supports .
 Our grandson has been using it for several months , and it works great . It is perfect for when he visits -LRB- lives out of state -RRB- and we do not have to find storage space for a full size high chair .
 I bought this for our last child because we were tired of having a high chair . We had to return the first one because some of the seams tore . They were not important seams for safety . We promptly received the second one and so far it is doing well . Every now and then there are lemons for every product , I believe we got one of them the first time .
 Product is very high quality and easy to hook up , take down , move around.My complaint is the support bars underneath are very long and as a result the chair would n't hook on our counter top because they would bump into our cabinets . Unless you have a very large over-hang counter it will not fit . We have just been forced to hook the chair up to our table where it works wonderfully and is very easy to detach.I just wish I would have paid more attention that it wo n't connect to a counter top .
 Very strong and reliable seat . It 's been used on different tables with all sizes of skirts and there 's always a safe grip . The main problem is the lack of a carrying bag and the not so compact size em it 's closed and not dissasembled.I sure recommed it .
 I purchased a red Italian designed high chair for my new grandson at great cost . This Italian sleek high chair gathers dust as my dear kids and most importantly - my grandson - love their Chicco Caddy Hook on Chair . And it comes with them to any restaurant and is outside germ free and lightweight and grandson feels always at home in his chair . Neat product .
 I love this product . It is easily carried to restaurants or can be used at home . Very sturdy and solid !
 I love this chair ! It is very secure and I have attached it to 2 different dining room tables and a banquet table . The banquet table was plastic , and I was more afraid that the table would break than the chair ! The chair folds up flat which makes it easy to keep in the trunk of my car . While it is not easy to take the cover off to wash -LRB- which is needed since it is canvas that does not wipe clean -RRB- , it is not too difficult to unsnap and throw in the wash . It just takes a few minutes . Overall , I love this chair and am glad to have something compact and easy to bring anywhere for my son !
 We love this Chicco Caddy high chair . It stays in my trunk always and thanks to it 's lay flat ability it does n't prevent me from loading things onto of it . Admittedly sometimes getting the little buttons to rotate the arms into the flat position is a little trying , but with it 's irregular use for our family it 's not a show stopper . It latches onto tables easily and more importantly only takes a few seconds to set up and take down . We prefer to bring this high chair into restaurants because we know where it 's been and the state of cleanliness . Speaking of cleaning I saw some parents have problems with this feature . We have n't had any issue it 's easily to flip inside out and shake out crumbs and when more resisting food gets on it fits in the kitchen sink to be scrubbed out and then latches to the kitchen table to dry . I would recommend this to any mom or mom to be .
 We ordered this seat to keep at the grandparents house who live out of town . It was super easy to put together and to take apart to wash the seat after use . Our little one is 8 months old and she fit into it perfectly with plenty of room to grow . We attached it to an older table with a larger lip underneath it but it was no problem . The chair was sturdy and did not slip even when our little one was bouncing up and down in it . It was all around a good purchase and we are considering purchasing another one to use while we are out and about .
 We have used the Chicco seat with both of our children and will do so with the new one due in May . We have rarely found a table it will not fit . However , we use it mostly at restaurants . Occasionally we will have to keep our foot on the table base to keep it from tipping . We have recommended the seat to literally hundreds of people . We find the cover easy to remove and wash.Our only concern is that we have had to purchase a second one already , and will need to buy another soon . We have found the fabric in the cover to rip after repeated use . It would be great if we could either buy a replacement cover instead of a whole seat or if the fabric could be made a bit more durable.Thanks Chicco for a great seat .
 This seat will hold a very small child up to at least a 2 year old . It 's easily washed in the washer , as it slides off the metal support . Our table had a 2 or 3 inch wooden underhang that goes all the way around my table underneath . The chair is designed so that the arm underneath can go around it and still provide room for the child 's legs . The chair will not push off the table - as the old chairs used to on those older chairs that just `` hung '' on the table . This chair will clamp onto the table , and wo n't harm your wooden table - at least it did n't harm mine . Another plus to this chair is that it is compact and easily transported to your friends and family 's home when you 're invited over for a meal . The only caution I would have for anyone thinking to purchase any chair such as this one is that you 'll need a table that will support the weight of the child and not be supported only by a center post .
 My daughter had seen one of these at a day care and I bought one for my year old granddaughetr when they came for a visit . It is the most amazingly perfect invention I have seen in a long , long time . It solves every problem associated with feeding an active child at the table . No more messy high chairs , no more making too much space for a high chair , no more having the baby too far from the table , none of it . She sat right at the table 's edge , level with the table in height , and fit right in with the family . She loved it and so did we . Washing it was a breeze in the washing machine and it is ready to go for their next visit . My daughter bought one for their every day use and she loves it as well . A fantastic product !
 Saw this product reviewed on YouTube and got one for my then 8 month old . We were having trouble with her standing up in high chairs , but not with this one ! She has room to kick and seems much happier being a part of everything . We get so many complements and are always recommending it ! Was a wonderful buy worth every penny !!!
 We have had this chair for 6 months and use it regularly for our 8 month old and occasionally for our 2 year old . Both kids love it and love being able to eat at the same level as mom and dad at the table . We love that it is n't huge and bulky and hardly takes up any space . We have a splat mat underneath it that catches all of the crumbs . There are some things that are n't great about this chair compared to having a standard high chair -LRB- which we have had as well -RRB- . Pros : -- Easy to attach to the table . Ours has a ` skirt ' under the tabletop , but it still fits fine and does n't move once attached . -- Great color and look . -- Small and easy to transport / travel with . Folds totally flat and fits perfectly into a suitcase . -- My kids love to be able to sit up with the family and not be off to the side in a high chair . -- Great that you can take the cover off and wash it in the washing machine . Comes out perfect every time . -- Both my 8 month old and 2 year old love this chair and fit great in it.Cons : -- I find it a bit cumbersome to take off the cover to wash it . It 's not impossible , but definitely not something I look forward to doing . -- There is a gap between the edge of our tabletop and the edge of the fabric -LRB- where the baby 's chest would be -RRB- . That is where all the food falls . Be ready to clean the floor -LRB- or splat mat -RRB- and wash the seat frequently . -- Because there are rubber ` arms ' that attach to the top of the table , they get dirty easily . Also , they limit the width and size of the plate you want to put there . It fits one plate , but if you want to add a bowl or something else next to your plate , you 'll have to put it up top . Not a big deal , but definitely different than a big highchair tray.Would recommend to others !
 Many years ago we had a similar product for our boys which we loved . I liked it a little better than this one because our children were n't able to climb out of it . We purchased this for our grand daughter and it 's really great when she wants to be fed , however , when she wants to get out she can easily do so . This could be dangerous if you turned your back for a minute . She is only 9 months old and it does n't seem to matter how tight we make the straps . So for feeding it 's great , but not as secure as an ordinary high chair or even the one that we had purchased in the past .
 I bought this after moving & my husband disposed of our old high chair . I did n't want another high chair because they take up too much space in the dining room and to store between babies . I am very happy with how durable the material & frame is . It is easy to take apart to wash & cleans up really well -LRB- just put it in the wash & air dry -RRB- . It is sturdy when attached to the table & it is n't at all wobbly . My kids put anything new `` through the wringer '' and this chair is definately standing up to the challenge .
 This is a MUST HAVE , especially if your family goes out and about a lot . Our 6 month old son loves this chair - it gives him the option to sit next to us when we are out , instead of at the end of a table . Plus , you do n't have to use the crusty highchairs that are offered when dining out . Also , it is the perfect solution for when we go camping in our travel trailer , as it will hook onto our table in there , and now we do n't have to worry about lugging along a bouncer or highchair to sit him in . Everywhere we go , people are commenting on how great of an idea the chair is and how they wished they would have had that when their kids needed a highchair .
 We use this chair at restaurants , bars and at home . So far we have n't found a place where the chair could n't clamp on . Our son has been using it since he was 5 months old and loved being at the table with us . Easy to carry , easy to setup . Ca n't do without it .
 We LOVE this high chair ! It 's so convenient ! Our 1 year old enjoys being closer to the table with all of us . It 's a great space saver , super easy to clean and maintain . Could n't be happier with it !
 I recently purchased the Chicco Caddy Hook On Chair to take with us on an extended trip to South America . I knew we would need some way to feed our 10 month old in the hotel and this is doing the trick . My son weighs about 18 pounds and fits in the chair nicely . The chair is very sturdy , was easy to install -LRB- after I read the instructions -RRB- , and folds pretty flat so it was easy to pack . Great price for what you get ! My only word of caution would be that , until we found a `` sweet spot '' on the table at our hotel , the weight of the chair with my son in it was enough to tip the table a bit . That 's not a critique of the chair , but of the table we 're forced to use . We finally found a good spot on the table so it 's more steady , but I wo n't leave my son 's side while he 's in it , just in case !
 If you do n't want to put your baby in dirty greasy high chairs supplied by restaurants this is a great purchase . We always have it in the car for when it 's needed and hubby sets it up rather quickly . Just make sure tables are strong enough to hang it onto before placing baby as some table can flip . Very happy with product and price .
 Rather than put our baby in restaurant-provided high chairs of dubious cleanliness or for when we go places that do n't provide them , we keep this item stashed in our car . We began using this when our baby was around six months and now she is 11 months and very mobile - so far it seems safe , secure and convenient . It 's very easy to secure to most tables -LRB- unless they have a very short lip or a wide columnar base support -RRB- and our baby seems comfortable in it despite having a generally restless temperament.However in the interests of full disclosure I must add that we do n't eat out as much as we used to and we have used it only about a dozen times . So I ca n't really comment on durability . Also I would not want to use it instead of our regular highchair because I can see it might be a pain to clean on a regular basis . Still , it has been very useful to us when we do eat out and has taken away some of the stress of taking along the baby on our restaurant dates or when we are invited to someone 's home for dinner .
 We love this chair in our tiny kitchen . It 's super easy to install , it 's very light to take places and lowering our son into it is a breeze . Very happy with this purchase .
 My 1 year old and 3 year old can use this chair . The younger loves it more . It is easy to install , safe and secure . Easy to wash which is my favorite feature ! The price is also best here on Amazon . I looked everywhere and found here the most affordable . it arrived super fast ! Love it!Updated 9/8/10 - After a few months and several washes the fabric is falling apart . Maybe I washed too frequently like once or twice a week . So not sure if the money was well spend on a chair that the fabric falls apart after a few washes ... My boys are sitting on a regular chair w / a bumbo on it to help lift them and they are still snuggled by the bumbo .
 This chair is great ! It 's so easy to throw in the trunk on trips , easy to set up in a restaurant , and easy to clean . The only 2 drawbacks are that it does not come in a bag and is a little awkward to carry -LRB- although not heavy -RRB- and that it sometimes does not stay completely folded because the arms swing out quite easily in response to gravity , which can be a little annoying . It is much sturdier than it looks -- at first I was worried my daughter would tip over restaurant tables every time she moved , but as long as you position the chair wisely , there is no risk at all . Additionally , she really likes it and even tries to climb into it when it is sitting on the floor at home . I have made several baby purchases that I regret , but this is definitely not one of them !
 The highchair we used for our son broke , so we needed a new one for our daughter . She is eighteen months old and wo n't need a full highchair for much longer so spending $ 100 did not seem practical . This chair go 's where we go , it is very easy to put on any table and easy to clean with a damp cloth . Very portable and light weight . If you are looking to save room in you kitchen , this is the way to go . Very sturdy .
 I really like this chair . The best feature is that it can be folded down and travels very well . When we travel to visit friends and family , I can actually fit this in my suitcase and pull it out wherever we are . In my experience , this is a better choice than the other comparable products offered on amazon -LRB- and better priced -RRB- . I have friends who own others that have trouble fitting on some tables . So far , I have not encountered a table this will not fit . And the fabric seat is removable and machine washable !
 This clip on highchair is worth every penny ... Our daughter sits at the breakfast bar with us just like a big girl ! The red cover comes off for easy cleaning and the highchair clips on to the dinner table as well as our thick kitchen counter . We give it 5 stars ... the clip on arms hold the chair perfectly in place and inside the seat there is a buckle to make sure they do n't jump out . Very safe!Great product , great price , great color !!!
 Love the fact that it 's machine washable . My only complaint is that the harness clip is difficult to undo -- you have to push the button just so , or it just gets stuck . Good to keep the baby in , but my husband says it 's too hard and gives up trying to undo it .
 We have started taking this with us whenever we eat out . Combined with a Tinydiner placemat , it works great ! The clamping is very secure , just make sure that the table is not wobbly or too lightweight . I feel better using this than the shabby , tippable , germy seats that the restaurant may -LRB- or may not -RRB- provide . It does n't seem like it would be easy for her to get her feet under her to stand , the belt is pretty snug , but I suppose time will tell - she is 8 months old now . She loves standing , but has n't thought about it while seated in this . Feeding and other distractions should do the trick , but even if she does quickly outgrow it , it 's worth the purchase price to me .
 Our son really likes sitting in this chair because he has plenty of space to move around . Unfortunately , it also makes it very hard to feed him . We take it on trips and even to parties and restaurants . It can be folded flat without removing the fabric . It would be better if it had a 5 point harness -LRB- adding shoulder straps -RRB- instead of the three . Our son can stand up even when strapped in .
 Have looked at quite a few , and this one is really well designed . The cover comes off so you can throw it in the wash , works well on a variety of tables . be careful if ordering with the recommended kiddopotamus placemats ... . clamping down on the placemats leaves marks on my wood table . the chair by itself did n't leave any marks . Love the chair , and my boy has a great time in it .
 I bought this as a spare for when my friends w / kids come to visit . It 's easy to install and stores small . It 's also easy to clean and very sturdy . Easy to take to restaurants , on trips ... keeps kids safe and comfortable .
 This is absolutely wonderful to take to restaurants because you know it is clean and to relatives ' houses that do n't have highchairs . It is sturdy and fits almost all tables and folds up neatly . We love it and keep it in the car !
 So easy to travel with , puts our baby right up at the table with us , folds for space-saving . People are always commenting on it and asking where we got it . I carry some natural antibacterial spray and spray the table surface when I put him in place so that he can eat finger food right off the table with us . Works great !
 We bought this having seen another couple with their baby using it at a restaurant and figured we would leave it in our car for the same purpose . But once we tested our 6 month old daughter in it attached to our kitchen island at home we realized we do n't want a regular high-chair and might get another one for eating out . This is much less bulky than a normal high-chair and I am happy to have one less brightly colored plastic thing in our grown-up area ! It 's attached at the corner end of our island so that I can sit almost opposite her in one of our bar stools to feed her . When she can feed herself at our regular mealtimes , we 'll move the chair to our dining table so she can interact with us . The only downside is that it shows dirt -LRB- dried food -RRB- more than a wood or plastic chair that can be wiped down . The fabric needs more of a scrubbing or to be thrown in the laundry to really get all the food off .
 Easy to use , does n't take up space like a regular high chair . My daughter loves sitting at the table with us .
 I think I must have gotten one that is defective , the lock sticks at times making it very difficult to get off the table . Otherwise , what a great idea ! Restaurant high chairs are always so nasty so we take this with us whenever we go to dinner . Plus DD loves to sit so close to the table and feel like she is part of the party . Beware of smaller tables , they can tip . I recommend putting a regular chair under the seat just to be safe .
 I have an eat-in island in my kitchen and needed a place for my baby to sit . This chair is incredibly easy to use and does n't take up much space like a traditional high chair would . I love this and so does my baby .
 We love this booster ! It really makes my son feel like part of the family at the table . I am looking forward to being able to use it in our boat . We REALLY could have used it last year ! It was such a chore to feed him there . Now , with our Caddy , it will be a breeze . Plus it is easy to fold and transport !
 My table has a protruding edge at the bottom and it was very easy to get this chair attached . There are instructions in the manual that tell you how to loosen & tighten the part that attaches to the table . As far as food falling on the floor goes , I guess I 'm used to that ! It happens when my son eats in his high chair , too , so I think that comes with the territory . I bought it to take on an upcoming trip so I 'll update my review after I 've traveled with it . As far as use at home goes , I 've found it to be very convenient . It 's nice to have my son right at the table with us as opposed to a couple of feet back in a huge high chair . I have n't had any issues wiping the material clean so far .
 I do n't have much time as my little boy is a calling but I did want to take a moment to write how wonderful this item has been for us . The Chico chair is now apart of our daily routine and our little boy feels comfortable and safe in it . Thank you for a great product .
 We got this chair after it was recommended to me via a mutual friend . They recommended the swivel 360 version , but I did n't need that feature and it seemed like too many crevices to clean . I am so happy with this purchase ! My 13 month old daughter can now eat with us as part of the family at the table rather than off in her high chair next to the table . It also saves a ton of space in my small kitchen . No icky tray to deal with - and no icky high chair pad for food to get caught underneath . This is not without its faults , such as the fabric does n't easily wipe clean from wet spills . It 's more of a durable thick backpack type material . It seems easy enough to uninstall the chair and remove the fabric to wash . I have n't had to do that yet because we also bought the Summer Tiny Diner placemat which fits perfectly with this item and catches a lot of food that might get crushed into the fabric that goes in front of your child . My daughter has messy hands and without that placemat in use , she tends to grab the front fabric piece - so that 's been scrubbed up quite a bit . She feels like part of the family in this chair and I think it 's perfect for keeping everyone together . I even saw folks using their chair at a local restaurant that has big solid wooden tables . This would not be safe on tables that are n't super stable - or have only a center post . I totally recommend this product .
 We love this thing , it is easy to install -LRB- I had to cut it down to fit our 4 inch thick table , but that was easy -RRB- , and easy to clean.No high chair to walk around or clean around.We have two at home -LRB- one for guests -RRB- , one at my in-laws and my aunt and uncles , who we visit often !
 I decided to purchase this chair after my third child was born . I have hated my highchair for years and I wanted to save on the room . Unfortunately this chair will not fit on my pedestal kitchen table so i brought it to my mothers house to use and I LOVE it ! It sets up easy and you can take it down just as easy . It is so nice to have my son at the table with us and the kids keep him entertained while I am feeding him ! The material is washable and it is very secure . I wish it was a 5 point harness but regardless I love it ! My son loves being in this chair too . I did purchase another brand to try at my house and it was a piece of junk ! This chair is worth the money !
 When i recieved this item we were anxious to test it out in hopes that we could avoid getting a big bulky high chair since my daughter is nearing 6 months and we are about to start her on baby food soon . We live in a small apartment and its already taken over by her jumperoo , storllers , carseat , toys etc. . The last thing we needed was to add a big ` ol high chair to the mix . I looked at alot of different types of these and it seems like for all of them , the reviews are pretty much split . I took a chance on this one hoping that it would at least be decent enough for the price . At first we had huge problems getting it on our dining room table , not because of the skirt , but because of the piece in the middle underneath that extends out to make the table bigger for when there 's company over . it kept being blocked from fully hooking up to the table because this big piece of wood table was in the way . next we tried to open the table up -LRB- very inconvenient because its huge when opened up and takes up so much room -RRB- so when that didnt work we were almost ready to send it back when we thought of trying to remove the piece underneath if possible and then trying to put the chair on . well , finally it worked ! now its fully secure on there , its not going ANYWHERE . this was ok for us since we rarely ever used the extended part so we put that in storage . Now my daughter will be ready to start on new foods which i know shes going to love ! This chair seems like it will be easy to clean . it looks like it unsnaps for removal of the material so if it gets all icky from spilt food , you should be fine .
 This was a baby shower gift , the recipient loved it . Everyone raved about the item who had used one for their kids . They said it was a must item for busy families on the go .
 Very sturdy , easy to clean , i just wipe all over it with a wet towel after each meal . Baby seems very confortable in it and safe . Im not giving it 5 stars because baby already hit the back of his head twice . Not too hard he didnt get hurt , it has some foam to protect him but why not make it more cushioned to support his head . Other than that price is great and no need to spend the extra bucks for the new design with the hippos and such . This one is easy to take apart and reasemble and very light . It says itDoesnt work on a glass table but mine is workingperfeclty fine . Only con is that it cant rotate and It would definatly be more useful if you could rotate it like the chico one .
 So worth the price , fantastic quality , so much more practical than a high chair , easy to store and transport , secure , sturdy and safe , built to last , washes beautifully , comfortable , versatile , allows baby to feel a total part of the family at the table . Absolutely love it !
 I am confident that this chair is secure . It has worked on every table we have tried it with . It is a great cheap high chair option .
 The price is great for this and we absolutely love it . The only thing is it is hard to clean , the cover does not come apart from the chair . Other than that its great !
 We used these chairs -LRB- for 8 month old twins -RRB- on Thanksgiving and everyone was so impressed with them . My table is pretty thick but these went on no problem . They are very sturdy and can fit close to the table . Since the twins weigh 20 pounds each they will be using these chairs for a long time . Two people at dinner liked them so much that they are going to order them also .
 This is the second one we 've purchased . perfect for our two yearold and our 10 mo. old . Attaches easily to table , folds easily to take with us . Easily washed if remove cardboard in bottom . Love it Love it Love it !!!
 I love this little chair for seating my toddler at the table . It keeps her in place , it does n't take up a lot of room , and it packs down nice and small for hauling to the campgrounds with us . I have n't run into a situation yet where I could n't find a way to make it work ... with some picnic tables you just have to be a little inventive . It washes up great too ! Well worth the money spent on it .
 I first discovered this product at a local restaurant , I was impressed that my son was n't out of it in less then 5 minutes which is the norm in restaurants . We went through 3 high chairs with my son without luck in finding one he would sit in happily until we found this one , he 's big enough though that he would n't get good use out of it . So instead , I purchased one for my sister , for her baby shower , and she loves it . It folds flat so she can travel with it easily she 's brought it to every big family dinner we 've had , it has adjusted perfectly to every table so far , it keeps him in , he 's happy to sit in it , and its fairly easy to clean when he makes a mess . I have since bought another one for my best friend who is expecting their first baby in Feb and will continue buying these chairs for everyone close to me , and one for us when we have an addition to our family.I would recommend this product to anyone pregnant or with a small child , best chair I 've encountered !
 This product is easy to use , and it can be easily taken to restaurants rather than using theirs . At least I know mine is clean or somewhat clean . : -RRB-
 This is a real handy collapseable chair . It washes up easily in the washing machine , Very safe the way it attaches to the counter , and takes up far less room then a hi-chair . It can go on a table or counter . A must have for parents or grandparents with limited space !
 Excellent well constructed item . Very useful and easy to manage . The connection is simple , quick and very effective . Good value for money as well . Very satisfied .
 We take this everywhere !!! love love love it ! stores flat and is easy to transport ... so much better than the nasty highchair 's at restaurants .
 Loved the product but unfortunately when it arrived , it did not fit the combined measurement of my tabletop and tableskirt . My table thickness was 1 &#34; and the skirt was 5 &#34; , but it would not clear to fit onto my table . I was dissappointed with it not fitting , since the product was wonderful .
 Perfect for basically any table . Easy to use , and carry with you . Weight limit is as specified , if not more . This is our only high chair . A little cumbersome to take apart for washing , but super easy care . Love it and highly recommend to anyone with limited space .
 I bought this chair because a friend had one and my daughter LOVED it . Now she has one of her own ! She loves being right at the table with everyone . I also love that it 's portable , we can take it to restaurants , or to friends/family . It fits perfectly on our table and it 's so easy to adjust and click into place.Personally I think it 's easier to clean than any highchair -LRB- and we had two different highchairs -RRB- . I 'm so glad to be done cleaning high chair trays ! LOVE this product !
 I recently bought the chair or my 6 month old little girl . It 's definitely made for older babies . I bought it to replce the bumbo seats when we eat out . Its gokng to a while before she grows into it . So bumbo it shall be for another two to three months . What i like ! It 's has and adjustable seat belt . It is easy to clean . You just need a wet towel to wipe off the food after each feeding an your golden . If you let te food dry you might have to scub along with the wet towel . No biggie . The only problem I have with it is that it 's a bit big for my daughter as it sits her too far back away from the table and too low . Its not a bi deal as she is n't feeding herself just yet . It 's easy to install . Our table has a 5 inch skirt and fits fine with about an inch and half to spare . Good construction and easily folds up to carry .
 This is best thing ever it clips on the picnic table easy and it 's very sturdy it is perfect for camping or at a park love it love it good buy it was so easy and quick with amazon
 We had a big , bulky high chair for our first child and was a pain to clean and was always in the way ... so when we had our second child I decided to try this chair ans I LOVE IT ! It does not take up space in my kitchen and I am not constantly tripping over it . It is also easy to clean , you just take off the canvase seat cover and wash it ... you dont have to clean the tray , seat , legs ect that you do with a high chair . Lastly we love that our son can sit AT the table with us , we callit his bucket :-RRB- He is now almost 2 and askes to sit in his `` bucket '' for family meal times.Tip
 I bought this chair to use at my parents ' house so that we would have a place to put my 4-month-old son when we eat at the counter.The only thing I do n't like so far is that it only has a 3-point harness - I would prefer that it had a shoulder strap . One side of the buckle is a little hard to unfasten , but I 'm sure I 'll figure out the trick to it soon.I do n't plan to use this as a seat where my son will feed himself - there is no tray on which to put his food , and he sits pretty low since he 's still young . It works well if you are the one feeding the child - my sister-in-law used it to feed my one-year-old niece and it worked just fine . That 's how we plan to use it for my son - I will be the one feeding him , so I 'm not worried about food falling through the gap as other reviewers have mentioned.I found it very easy to attach to our counter , and it seems very sturdy.So I gave it 4 stars because it does n't have a shoulder harness , which I consider a bit of a safety hazard . I know I wo n't be able to leave my son in it unattended .
 I 'm a grandma whose 16 mo grandaughter visited this summer ; I didnt want my daughter carting everything crosscountry , so I bought this chair.It is easy to assemble
 After reviewing multiple products , I decided to purchase this one for our first trip with our 7 month old -LRB- plus I had seen it featured in a few magazine articles -RRB- . I had it shipped to our resort -LRB- which did not have high chairs -RRB- so it was there when we checked in . It was easy to assemble and worked out prefectly for us . We enjoy the Chicco brand as we were first introduced to them via our infant travel system , and this product did not disappoint . Since returning from our trip , we anticipate also using it at the grandparents ' homes so they do n't need to purchase high chairs for our visits .
 I received my first one from the hospital where I gave birth and fell in love with it . It works so much better than using the traditional swaddling blankets . I bought this one once my baby outgrew her first one . She can not wiggle out of this and it helps her feel secure so she can sleep at night.The only downside that it ca n't be used on a hot summer night . I have central air conditioning , but sometimes my house is still too warm . I ca n't find the larger size in a cotton knit or lightweight fabric , so I 've been using another brand -LRB- which does n't work nearly as well -RRB- as a last resort .
 1 . This is a must have product for all nonexpert type parents , ie like me .2 . If you 're someone who knows and is comfortable with swaddling your newborn , then you do n't need this product .3 . If you 're someone who have watched those videos on how to fold this and that and tuck this into that ... but then somehow your baby gets out -- > just get this product and you 'll -LRB- and your baby -RRB- be happy . It 's basically a no brainer -- > put baby in and swaddle via the arm flap things -LRB- which are held together via velcro -RRB- .4 . By the way , it goes without saying -- > you need to either manually swaddle or get this product because your infant will sleep better if they 're bundled up .5 . Note
 Halo sleep sacks are the best . First off their zipper is opposite of most - making diaper changes much much easier . Plus I love that the swaddle can be removed . When my little guy was younger he liked being swaddled and now sleeps better with his arms free . We removed the swaddler part and are just using the sleep sack . It washes up really well and is very cozy .
 With my first child her swaddling always came undone when she was carried or being passed around to friends and family . Later she kicked off her blankets when in her crib . My 2nd daughter is currently 4 months old . I got lots of use out of it when she was a newborn for swaddling and have brought it out again now that she has started rolling over and kicking her blankets off . It was really the onlt blanket I used to cover/wrap her . She is average length and it still fits her but is getting small at the armholes . I agree with other reviewers that it would be nice if it were slightly larger so it could be used longer . I will definitely purchase the next size.I have read the other review that mentioned the swaddler wrap getting bunched up around the neck and face . This never happened when we used it and I ca n't imagine how it happened to them . I always wrapped my daughters arms accross her chest because she liked to suck her fingers . Perhaps wrapping the arms down too far caused this ?
 I love the sleepsack with swaddle feature , as it 's really easy to contain the flapping arms ! My son could n't get out of it due to the big velcro pieces . The only problem is that he 's a big baby and quickly got too long for the little newborn size sack . It should also come in a size small for the bigger babies and that would be perfect !
 Good thing for a newborn . My daughter just sleeps in it through the night and ca n't get her hands out , which means no wake-ups . Plus it is soft and warm . I wish Halo has the bigger size with swaddle feature as well .
 In the hospital they wrapped up my new born in this blanket.The first time I wrapped my baby in this blanket I realized I willnever go back to wrapping my baby up in a regular blanket at nightever again . I 100 % trust these blankets.What I love about these blankets other then the fact that itreduces the risk of Sids , is there are so many sizes , designsand colors to choose from -LRB- Newborn-Toddler -RRB- We have n't had any problem with these Halo sleep sacks.They are very durable , cozy , and very easy to bundle aroundyour sweet little one.Our daughter is always warm and cozy while using these blankets , so we are also reassured that she wont be cold through out thenight.I would recommend this to anyone and everyone . . includingmy own family . These make great gifts that last a long time.Check out their website for more amazing sleep sacks . -LSB- ... -RSB- - My husband and I will keep purchasingthese sacks for our little ones because we think they areamazing.Believe me , If you are a new parent - this sleep sack willsoon become your buddy , Your baby will feel safe and comfortableas well and they are what 's most important .
 As our baby grew , we were looking for a sleep sack that still had a swaddle . All of the other swaddles we were looking at did n't come in any sizes larger than newborn . These Halo sacks worked perfectly . The swaddle held very firmly with all the Velcro that is attached . There is even Velcro straps at the bottom of the swaddle part that keeps it anchored down , preventing it from creeping up towards the baby 's head.Once our baby transitioned away from being swaddled , the swaddle `` wings '' were removable and now we just use the sack by itself for putting our baby to sleep . The fleece is very soft and durable after many machine washings . Wonderful !
 Love it . I purchased the size small for my 2.5 month old . She sleeps well in it . The only downside - if not wrapped properly , the swaddle will cover baby 's face . So proper wearing is very important .
 This wrap is far superior to other types of wraps , or bundlers on the market . This particular size and weight is specifically for the borderline premature infant , generally 35-37 weeks gestation , who is smaller than a full term baby , and who may have more trouble maintaining their temperature , as this wrap is fleece and is warm . It is safer than wrapping in blankets because you put the wrap below neck level and bundle the baby well , so he/she ca n't squirm and get it near the face to block air flow . Snug bundling keeps the baby more secure and calmer . This is the same wrap we use in the hospital nursery where I work .
 I used the Halo Swaddle Sleep Sack with my third daughter and wish I had it for the other 2 . It is the perfect transition from swaddling to non-swaddling for babies allowing you to only buy 1 garment instead of 2 . I love mine !
 While we have received a HALO SleepSack for review we 've also bought several of our own in cotton and fleece . They are hands down the safest way to ensure baby is warm enough at bed without putting them at risk with blankets . I find them easy to put on and take off of baby and having the zipper open from the bottom makes diaper changes in the night quick and easy . We used these for my daughter and now I 'm getting more for our new baby boy who will be joining us in a few months . I highly recommend HALO SleepSacks !
 Sleep sacks are the only thing I use . The swaddles stay in place and keeps them warm . I used the swaddle until my daughter could roll over and was strong enough to get her arms out . Now I just use the sleep sack .
 I love this blanket . My son kicks off anything that helps to kept him warm . He is 2 months old and we have used this blanket since he was a month old . He is a small baby -LRB- he still just weighs 8 lbs -RRB- and we have never had any trouble with it covering his face like some reviews said .
 This one is so easy to use for me . Fleece material keeps the baby warm . My little one likes to stick both of his hands out , so this is perfect for him with a little bit of `` freedom '' . I also like the fact it give room for the legs to stretch . Did n't like the zipper initially . But there ' a big padding behind the zipper so very little chance to scratch the baby . Shipping with prime was super fast . It got here in one day instead of two .
 our daughter can roll on her side but when we use the Halo she stays on her back . We still have n't figured out how to keep her arms in -LRB- she 's a bit of a Houdini since birth -RRB- . I totally recommend this the Halo swaddle
 I really needed a swaddled but also wanted something warm . This is the perfect combo . It 's cozy and swaddled really well . We love it ! I just wish the fleece did n't pill , but we use it everyday so I guess it 's to be expected .
 A must have for new moms & baby 's . having to learn the swaddle blanket tricks gets to be very difficult on a wiggly baby & before long they squirm right out of it . No worries with this item , its basically a little sack for the legs and two velcro flaps for the arms . You become a pro in no time . And they will always stay warm . It saved many many nights from going from no sleep period , to all night . We bought 4 , so when one got dirty we always had a back up . We also bought the different sizes once she started gaining weight . We tried every other brand available & returned all of them . Halo is the only brand in the end we found ourselves trusting.We just hit the milestone of her rolling over and the doctor and literature state that once that begins the swaddle needs to come off . Do n't get me wrong I 'm so proud of my baby and the progress she makes each & every day , just the swaddle sure let her know that it was bedtime . Now we 're having an interesting time learning a new way of teaching both ourselves and her that routine .
 This is so nice for sleeping ! The option to swaddled hands in or out is fantastic ! Would definitely recommend this .
 My son who is ... 11 days old always hated to have his hands wrapped around . He was getting his hands out of any blanket , no matter how tight it was around him -LRB- while the blanket was still wrapped around . Today I used this sack for the first time ... leaving his hands out , and it worked really great . One thing though , do n't dress him up to warm since the sacks keep very warm by themselves . I have my son in a long-sleeve onesie and some socks and he seems quite comfy ...
 LOVE this swaddler . it is certainly nice in the winter months when its cold out . it keeps her warn and snuggly
 Forget to see the model , it can only be used for 3 months . But it is still very useful.It is very soft .
 This is a very useful swaddle , it 's also very warm and convenient , I 'm happy with my purchase , recommend this HALO SleepSack Micro-Fleece Swaddle to first time mum like me !!
 My son will not sleep at night without being swaddled . This product was an amazing purchase . The swaddle is attached to the sack so the risk of suffocation of using a normal blanket is substantially reduced . My only complaint is that I have a really big boy and the largest size the sleep sack goes to is &#34; small &#34; which only fits up to 18 lbs . My son is 3 months old and is very long . He is almost too big for this even though we could still use a swaddle : -LRB-
 This swaddling sleepsack is the best . The velcro on it is SUPER STRONG . I highly recommend this to those that are planning to swaddle or have not had luck with other swaddle products . I love that Halo makes a fleece one and a cotton one .
 This is probably the only reason I got any sleep the first month with my daughter , who was born in December . The fabric is so soft and it fit easily over a nightgown . I never had to worry about her getting cold or getting tangled in a blanket . However , she really did n't like the swaddle part of it all that much . It 's nice that you can use the sack without the swaddle , because she kept pushing that part up over her face . I just did n't trust it.Overall , I think it 's worth getting the one with the swaddle to try out and see if your newborn likes it , but for us , we just used the sack.Also , the pink color did n't really hold up that well . It seemed to fade a lot , but we did wash it a lot too , so that might be user error .
 love the sleep sacks by Halo . They keep baby warm enough that you do n't have to worry about blankets . Plenty of room for baby to kick his legs and not too bulky on its own . I like the swaddle for colder nights , but the bigger size the sleep sack , the bulkier the swaddle . I used it more on the newborn size than the small . I highly recommend this sleepsack for babies born in the winter and fall .
 These blankets are super easy to use - baby seems comfortable & even the sleepiest of parents can do it :-RRB- . It is very easy to take baby in and out when he is sleepy without disturbing him too much . Love these blankets ! Highly suggest parents get them !
 This swaddle sack is a great help in getting my daughter to sleep through the night ! It keeps her warm and when she no longer needs to be swaddled , we can still use the sleep sack . It is easy to use and washes well .
 I have swaddled both my kids and thought that this would be a good way to keep the bulk in the bed down . Do not use this without the sleep sac as it can ride up and cover the baby 's nose and mouth . The wrap is really big and I found it hard to keep the velcro straight . I really did n't use this much because of the size of the velcro . The sleep sack is great on its own . I would recommend the summer infant swaddle sack instead to swaddle your baby .
 My 3 month old loves wearing these to bed . I have a few in various sizes and fabrics . We do n't use the swaddling part of the blanket - this is very easily removed . I never use blankets on him , this is cozy , soft and washes nicely . I highly recommend using a sleepsack !
 This swaddle works great and was such a lifesaver in getting my baby to sleep ! He would always jump in his sleep and it would wake him up , but the swaddle kept that from happening . I tried other swaddles that were n't as strong , and he was able to break free from them easily . With this one , he could get his arms out if he really worked at it , but the velcro never came apart , so he was n't in any danger . Love it ; one of my top must have baby items !!
 When our baby came home from the hospital , he would n't sleep more than an hour at a time and was a master at getting out of his swaddled receiving blankets . On the third night we tried the halo swaddle sleepsack and he slept for 4 hours straight . The velcro works like a charm and it 's extremely secure . I also feel that it 's a lot safer than a traditional swaddle with receiving blankets , because if he did manage to get his arms out , he still wo n't end up with blankets covering his nose/mouth . Now he 's six weeks old and will sleep for 7 hours with the swaddle , but no more than 3 without it.A tip for those who say the baby is `` escaping ''
 We tried the Summer Infant Swaddleme before these and our tiny newborn twins could escape . They could n't get out of these though ! We love them and our boys sleep so much better in them . They 're perfect for keeping the babies warm and secure . I highly recommend them !
 My wife and I bought this for our son after the we used one in the hospital after she gave birth . These things are a life saver .
 I tried every sleep sack / blanket out there . Our daughter needed to be swaddled up through 4 months and she quickly outgrew the Miracle Blanket which was our favorite -- she wormed her arms right out of all other swaddles . These fleece swaddle sacks worked great . She was cozy and warm , her arms stayed put and we could still use it a bit longer even after we stopped swaddling and she liked having the flaps around her belly .
 I bought a Halo fleece swadding sleep sack on a whim before the birth of my child . I bought it because I remembered not sleeping well at night after my first child was born because I worried about her breaking from the blanket in which she was swaddled . I worried the blanket would cover her face and she would not be able to breathe . Thank goodness for the Halo SleepSack Swaddle ! My daughter slept well and was warm during the cold winter months , but not so warm that I worried about increasing the risk of SIDS -LRB- she was not sweating -RRB- . Here is how I weaned her from being swaddled at night and I hope it works for someone else . I swaddled her with both her arms in until she was 21/2 months old , then I began to worry about her being able to flip onto her stomach while she was sleeping -LRB- my first born started turning over at 3 months -RRB- , so I decided it was time to wean her from the nighttime swaddling . To begin the weaning procudess , I swaddled her with one arm in and one arm out -LRB- I believe it was her left arm which was out of the swaddle sack -RRB- . I did that for about a week and she was fine with it . Then I swaddled her with both arms out for about 2 weeks . Finally , I stopped swaddling and moved to the Halo Sleep Sack Wearable BlanketHALO SleepSack 100 % Cotton Wearable Blanket , Sage , Small . It worked well and she still slept about 6 hours straight.The product washes well , my only advice would be to close swadding machanisms on the sack before washing . The item closes using velcro and other items in the wash may stick to the velcro and become ruined when pulling apart from the velcor.This is a great purchase for any newborn .
 I am a horrible swaddler , so I was so excited to try out the HALO SleepSack Swaddle . I am already a big fan of the HALO SleepSack and have used them before but never tried the swaddle yet . I am about to have my second baby and tried this out and love it ! It 's great for swaddling and I know that my baby is swaddled safely . This is so much safer than blankets and I love that it zips upwards instead of downwards . I think this is a must-have for all new parents . ** I received a complimentary product to review on my site , but it had no influence to my review . My thoughts are 100 % my own and others may have different opinions . **
 So glad I bought this instead of trying to swaddle baby as I did my first one . The sleep sack is great because their legs are n't restricted and you can swaddle just their arms , making them still feel secure . Very easy to get into for middle of the night diaper changes and feedings -LRB- bottom just unzips -RRB- . I also like that the swaddle part is removeable if you just want them to sleep in the sack . This is very warm however , and will only be good for the winter months . Great purchase .
 We started our little one in the Summer Infant Swaddleme Microfleece sleep sacks and those worked for the first 21/2 months and then transitioned to the Halo SleepSack once our infant got bigger . The velco on the Halo SleepSack holds up very well wash after wash compared to the Summer Infant Swaddleme Microfleece sleep sacks -LRB- these tend to lose their stick after a few washes -RRB- . The velco area is also very wide on the Halo SleepSack so you do n't have to wrap your infant too tightly just to get the velco flap closed . The sleeveless design is great for transitioning your little one from being fully swaddled to only body swaddled and having their arms free . Whereas , when we tried to just body swaddle our little one in the Summer Infant Swaddleme Microfleece sleep sack , they would just kick the sack off completely . The Halo SleepSack sack design gives them plenty of room for kicking , but they ca n't kick off the sack so they stay covered all night . I ordered both of mine from Amazon Warehouse Deals -LRB- customer returns that they ca n't sell as brand new -RRB- and saved $ 4 to $ 5 on each Halo SleepSack . They both were in near brand new condition , no funny smells or looked liked they had been used before . The packaging looked liked it had been opened before , but I guess that 's why Amazon could n't resell it as ` brand new . '
 I was given this sleep sack by the hospital and I loved it so much -LRB- and used it every night -RRB- that I bought them in every size for my son as he grew , through 3T . We keep our house quite chilly in the winter and this was PERFECT . If you use it only for swaddling , I think they make them in cotton for summer .
 This swaddle sleep sacks is perfect for my 5 month old daughter . She 's small for her age and it allows plenty of room to grow but is tight enough to be safe . Love this product !
 I think this is a great product . Our son sleeps much better being swaddled and the design of the sleepsck makes it easy to do . If his hands are free , he ends up getting restless and waking himself , but sleeps soundly in the sleepsack . Also , we feel it keeps him warm , since blankets are a bad idea with infants . The hospital gave us one when he was born and we 've bought 2 more Halo Sleepsacks since then .
 These wraps were a godsend for the first year of my daughter 's life . After being unable to master the burrito roll -LRB- particularly at three in the morning -RRB- , we ran out and purchased a few of these to try - they worked like a dream ! As soon as I would secure her in the wrap , she instantly calmed down . In fact , on the rare occasions when I came in her room if she was crying , it was because one of her arms had somehow gotten out - it does happen , but not so frequently as to detract from the rating or to warrant a lesser review . They are very durable and withstood countless washings . The fleece does pill up a bit , but that is to be expected . I purchased these up as large as they would go and if they made them in a 4T - she would probably still be in them . I gift these to everyone I know that is pregnant - they are a must have for a decent night 's sleep .
 I ordered this fleece sleep sack for my baby girl because the room she shares with us is the coldest room in the house and it does a wonderful job of keeping her warm . I love the halo sleep sacks !!! I have been recommending them to all of my mom friends , they are awesome .
 This worked out so perfectly . I love this thing . The zipper starts from the top and zips down which makes it so convenient when I need to change his diaper since I do n't have to unzip him all the way . My son is 4 weeks old now and is about 9 pounds so I wish I would 've gotten this in the next size up instead of newborn . It is already starting to get kind of snug for him .
 This sleep sack was the answer to my prayers . I had premature twins who were in the NICU for 5 weeks . When they came home , they did not do well sleeping in an open crib , in spite of my best efforts to bundle them with a receiving blanket the way the nurses had in the hospital . I think our house was much colder than the NICU and my wrapping was just inferior to that of the nurses . From the moment I wrapped them in the sleep sack , they slept wonderfully ; the change was instantaneous ! I ordered them in every size ... my only word of caution is to follow the sizing as listed by the company . I assumed they would fit into the preemie size past the 5 lb mark , just because they were so tiny , but in fact by the time they hit 5 lbs , the neck hole was getting pretty tight , and that ca n't be adjusted because it zips from the top downward . But this is a product that every mom of a preemie should invest in ; I ca n't praise it enough !
 This has only been used a couple of times so far , but we are quite impressed with it at this point .
 We purchased 2 Newborn-size Halo swaddle sleepsacks . One was solid blue fleece and this was the other . I loved the dog print material ! The sleepsack was great until my son grew out of it ! And while , I understand that growing is natural , the other solid blue NB-size fleece sleepsack still fit for a little while longer . My only wish is that the sizing was consistent . Otherwise , it 's a great product and my newborn never slept without it !
 I love this product . My children were premature , and I did n't want to purchase the preemie size . This worked perfectly until they got too long for it . I purchased two when they were about 6 weeks old and it lasted probably another six to eight weeks . I chose to purchase especially because they were both skilled at getting their arms out of a blanket swaddle -LRB- and believe me they were n't loose -RRB- and grabbing their oxygen cords . These sacks worked great , and about the time they quit using these the cords were gone . I reccomend this overall , but especially for preemies . Our hospital had a ton of these in the NICU , they are warm and help the tiny ones keep all the body heat in .
 Never forget to fasten the straps to hold the swaddle in place we had it come loose and go over baby 's face but that was totally our fault . Its warm but would be good if your keep your home cold in the summer . Our son outgrew his at about 2 months length wise . It might be wise to keep it packaged until you no how long your little one is going to be at birth . Our son was 191/4 and it worked well until he was 23 inches and then we had to move up because it was getting hard to get his arms our in the morning . His legs never woke him up . He has slept through the time since one month old . Maybe he started because he was swaddled . I am not sure but in my opinion this is much safer than a separate blanket . We will use them until they do n't make them big enough for him !
 We love this swaddle blanket for our long 2 month old . He was getting too long for the SwaddleMe 's so we tried the Halo and love it !! He has n't been able to get out of it once ! The velcro is awesome and much stronger than I have seen on other Swaddle blankets . The microfleece is a little warm for our Texas Summer so we have a cotton one on order .
 Our baby loves this . He hated being swaddled with a normal blanket and would break out of it so we used this instead . We have been using it since the day he came home and just ordered the next size up . He wo n't stay asleep without it .
 I originally had swaddle me 's and I was getting frustrated with them . Decided to try these and I wish I had these to begin with ! They are the BEST swaddles ! Defintiely get Halo Sleepsack Swaddles , they will not get out of these !
 These make swaddling a breeze ! They are very easy to use and they help keep the baby sleeping longer and help soothe when they are upset . A must have .
 I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this . We got several of these for our little one . One of them did begin to fall apart where the tabs fold over and velcro to the other side - but I think our issues is that our little one is really a little more on the bigger side and we had to pull the tabs further over to make them stick . Sizing was perfect , our little one just grew really fast . I would recommend these to anyone having a baby - it really helps them to sleep longer and soothes them when they are having a crying fit .
 Frankly , I ca n't get the hang of traditional swaddling . I often found the blanket unraveled in the crib , my newborn son flailing his arms , causing me panic that he would suffocate on the material . So I decided to try the SleepSack Swaddle . It was easy to put on . No sleeves and you do n't have to slip it over a baby 's head . Since it is like a sleeping bag , I put him on top , put his arms through the holes and zip the zipper . Then I wrapped the ` wings ' of the SleepSack Swaddle around his middle , making sure his arms were by his side first so they would be covered by the wings of the SleepSack Swaddle . When I reached into his crib a couple of hours later , he was tucked in the same way he went in . No loose ends , no flapping arms or fabric covering his face . So great ! The only issue is like that of bibs
 Out of all the baby products I have bought this is my favorite and has stopped my baby from waking during the night because she has unwrapped herself . It can also be used ith arms out when it becomes unsafe to swaddle baby .
 The fleece halo swaddle sleep sack works very well . The fleece is very warm , it 's easy to unzip and change baby in the middle of the night and the swaddle really helps the baby sleep better and provides extra warmth . Highly recommend . This swaddle sack is soooo much easier than using receiving blankets .
 This is great for soothing newborns . It definitely prevents them from scratching their cute little face . This one is better for winter time . Our daughter gets a tad hot in the fleece , so we undress her before putting her into this sleep sack at night . Very cute pattern !
 This is the best baby product I could ever recommend . We were getting no sleep at all until we started swaddling tightly using this product . At two weeks old , our baby slept 6 hours straight and she has been doing so -LRB- plus some longer stretches -RRB- ever since we started using this . She has broken out of every other swaddling blanket and product out there except this specific one . If I could only have one baby product , this would be it . It guarantees we get sleep .
 I bought this item after reading about hip displasia . I was using a slimmer product and my baby 's legs were too confined . Last night was the first night we used it . We put her in a thin short sleeved onesie and socks . We let her fall asleep after feeding and then laid the sleep sack out so we could just slide her in it . The zipper is at the top and you have to put the arms through the holes , zip the sack , and the swaddle . Luckily at night she does not wake easily , otherwise this would have never worked . I wish there were less steps . She did sleep well though the night though . She did have her arms out when we woke this morning and her arms were a little cold . If that continues I might just put a long sleeve onesie on her instead . I am pretty satisfied with this product .
 This is a grandmother 's dream . I love having our new granddaughter come for a visit and this makes her nap and sleep time so much nicer . The fact that it will grow with her is a definite plus .
 This has been a staple in our nursery . In his first 3-4 months , our little one slept best when swaddled . The built-in swaddle feature made night-time changes and feeds so much easier . Swaddling while your half-asleep does n't sound hard , but I appreciated the ease of this feature . As he got bigger and we transitioned out of swaddling , we were able to keep one-armed tucked in which made the change much easier for him ... and us . I would highly recommend this to any parents .
 This is the swaddle we prefer for our baby , she is about 13.5 pounds . She usually can not get out of it although sometimes she gets one arm out through the neck . This swaddle is completely adjustable there is a ton of velcro . The only issue we have had is that when we first bought it the velcro was almost TOO sticky , and in only about a week it did n't seem quite sticky enough but it still works because there is so much of it . We prefer the fleece swaddles because the cotton ones stretch and do not seem to fit our baby correctly .
 I love the halo sleepsack . My daughter actually started out as a co-sleeper and was waking every 3.5-4 . I realized when she was about 10 weeks old that she would be getting a better nights sleep in her own bed . The next night , my husband and I attempted to get her to sleep in her crib . Every time she would begin to doze off , she would scare herself and her moro reflex would send her arms up into the air . We had tried swaddling her before but without any success . I had received one of these as a gift from the hospital but tucked into a drawer as a gimmicky gift . That night , I drug it out and we strapped her into it . She slept for 8 hours straight that night . She has been sleeping in it every night since then and for most naps , too . She takes two naps a day for about 2 hours each and is sleeping 12 hours a night . I recommend this to all new moms .
 These sleepsacks are the best out there . They wash and wear well and are so comfy cozy !!
 This is certainly an easy answer to the swaddle/blanket/warmth dilemma . Our son is a Houdini-Baby who escapes from all swaddles except the Miracle Blanket , but he has n't gotten out of this yet . It 's super easy to use , too . I like that the zipper goes from top to bottom so the tab is away from his chin , and that we 'll be able to take the swaddle off and use it as a simple sleep sack once he 's outgrown being swaddled .
 Nice product , not for summer time use unless you crank the A/C . It 's fleece , so its better suited for the cooler nights .
 Excellent way to securely swaddle your baby and keep him or her warm without blankets in the crib .
 i love halo sleep sacks and was so excited when i realized they had a swaddle sleep sack . . its perfect for newborns since they move and twitch in the middle of the night waking them . . when they are swaddled they are less likely to wake up . . which means less wake ups for mommy . . this would be my number one gift to give to new mommys
 I really liked this swaddle for the SIZE only . My daughter was growing out of swaddles like crazy around 41/2 5 months because she was long , but then I saw the length on the Halo sleep sack and it really is long . We were getting into spring so it was just too hot . Often she would wake up dripping with sweat !! It would be great for a winter baby though ! Also I found it challenging to try to change her in it . the biggest problem was that if you have a baby that needs to be swaddled at night , they probably need to be swaddled for naps too and I just couldnt put this on my daughter on top of her clothes and changing her for every nap ... yea right ! Anyways what I eventually did was take the arm swaddle and use it without the sack . The `` danger '' in this is that they could wiggle it up around their face . It worked for my daughter for awhile if we would put it really low and tight . Anyways I thank God she is done with swaddles now , but I sure spent a lot of money on them for those 5 months !!
 I received two of these for my baby shower . I thought I 'd love them but I just like them . I like that it zips from the bottom up , it makes diaper changes really easy at night . I like that it takes the stupid out of swaddle - in the middle of the night the last thing you want to do is waste time wrestling with a too small receiving blanket when you just want to go back to bed . I like that it 's warm , we do n't have to keep the house too warm at night when he 's in one of these.I do n't like that the fleece gets ratty after a couple of washes and gets pilly . Our son is only three weeks old and these things already look rough . I also do n't like that it 's really hard to burp the baby when he 's wearing this , you basically have to take it off of him to get a good burp - more than a slight annoyance in the middle of the night . I also find that the arm holes are really snug . As I mentioned before our son is only 3 weeks old , but he was a big baby and over 10 lbs at birth . He 's not a fat baby though and the arm holes are really narrow and can be difficult to put on when he 's not feeling like cooperating during clothing changes . We have these in the small size which should fit fine for his size.So , I would recommend these , but sometimes the cons outweigh the pros .
 My husband found this when my daughter was about 2 weeks old . She was just learning to wriggle out of a blanket swaddle and this was ideal . We used it every day until she grew out of it.I 've since given it as a gift to others with new babies or expecting.Just remember to fasten the velcro before you put it in the washing machine .
 I highly recommend the HALO sleepsack swaddle . Every new parent should have one in newborn size . Get it before he or she arrives , so you save yourself a trip to the store in those first few days!For the 2 days in the hospital and the first night at home , we swaddled our little girl in receiving blankets -LRB- tried waffle weave , thin & stretchy , thick & strong types of blankets -RRB- . Well wrapping her in blankets did n't last long because she got out of them , and with her arms flailing she kept waking herself up . Not to mention , I lost sleep worrying if the suddenly loose blanket would suffocate her.After the 1st night at home , we stopped by Babies R Us and bought 3 different brands of sleep sacks . We ended up trying this Halo Swaddle Sleep sack , and the Summer Infant one -LRB- We did n't even try the swaddlepod . Just looked scary , so we returned it -RRB- . Well the Summer Infant swaddler was really cute . It worked for the first little bit , but when she got * a little * bigger -LRB- like a few weeks -RRB- , the velcro stopped holding . Either she got too big , or after a few times in the wash the velcro became useless . I think it 's a combination of both.As for the HALO Swaddle , she has been using it every day and night.My quicktake on the item : SIDS prevention
 This item was probably the best money my husband and I spent on our daughter . Before this , she would fall asleep but flail her arms and wake herself up . Soon after my husband had learned how to do an extremely effective swaddle with just a normal blanket , not knowing these existed . Come to find out this just made life so much easier in order to avoid suffocation hazard . Our daughter was also able to get her arms out , particularly once she got older , but they always went over the wings , not under , so it was n't a suffocation hazard . Basically , if you Velcro it extremely , and do it such that it is low , you should be fine . It 's important to remember that you 're trying to pin their arms to their sides , which means you can put the wing part pretty low , and it will make it harder for them to escape , and more likely that went they do , they escape with their arms above the wings.This had such a huge impact on my daughter 's sleep . Now that she 's 4 months she does n't seem to need it anymore because she gotten too strong for it regardless of the size we puts her in . Most importantly this product allowed us to ensure that she continued sleeping for 8 hours/night while we got our rest . Highly recommended .
 We have the Halo , SwaddleMe and Miracle Blanket for our 3 week old . They also gave us another Halo in the hospital as a going-home gift . The Halo is the best out of the three , particularly for the middle of the night diaper changes . I love that I do not have to take the baby completely out of the Halo to change his diaper . I also love that the swaddle portion comes off , which is great when my baby is too hot or wants his arms free . The only downside is that the micro fleece version can be a bit bulky and bunch up a little under the baby 's face . I use the velcro safety straps , so it is never high enough to smother him.The SwaddleMe is the next best . I love its simplicity , but you have to take it off to change a diaper.The Miracle Blanket is the worst . It is way too complicated to wrap . It does not have velcro or snaps to keep it closed , so you have to tuck it ; and you have to take it off to change a diaper . It is the least bulky of the three . However , that is not necessarily a good thing in the cold , midwest winter .
 Halo Sacks are terrific for swaddling and then using without the swaddle . The preemie size is really tiny so be careful when ordering .
 I give this sleep sack to everyone having a baby . We got it as a gift when our daughter was born and it is one of the baby items I could n't live without!With the velcro straps , swaddling the baby could n't be easier . This is a HUGE plus for a squirmy baby , particularly in the middle of the night when you want to get back to sleep , not spend 5 minutes trying to swaddle a squirming baby.Another great thing about it is that you can remove the swaddle wrap . This is good if the a baby decides they do n't like being swaddled , you can just have the sleep sack and if they outgrow the sack part , or the season changes and you want them in less layers but they still want to be swaddled , you can use the swaddle wrap on its own.I also like the fact that the zipper zips from top to bottom , so the zipper pull is n't up at the baby 's face . A MUST HAVE !!!!!!
 My baby sleeps so well in her swaddle . Perfect for my newborn . It 's a great baby shower gift . Love it !
 I love the Sleep sacs by Halo . My daughter lives in them . i feel safe with her in them . The only feature i thought this one had was the Velcro arm holes . The one we received from the Hospital had that feature and we love it ! But unfortunately this one did not . So we do struggle to get her arms through the arm holes and it can be annoying . Besides that i would recommend this product .
 If you want to get any sleep at night-buy this sleep sack ! It is the best invention ever made for new mothers .
 Puts my baby girl to sleep everytime . It 's amazing , wrap her up in this thing and she goes right to sleep and will sleep ALL NIGHT !!!!!! Very soft too and very warm
 I used to have the most difficult time swaddling my son until a friend recommended this product . It made swaddling him super easy . I also love that I do n't need to completely unswaddle him to change his diapers at night - helps me put him back to sleep all that more easily !
 I am very pleased that Halo now has a swaddle sleepsack sized small . I am using it for my third child and it has met all of my needs for swaddling a 3-6 month size child . The quality is great , everything I have come to expect from Halo . The swaddle aspect is easy to use . I 've been able to `` semi-swaddle '' with my daughter 's hands tucked near her face still having her arms secured which is great as we transition to a regular sleepsack . Overall this is one of my best baby purchases .
 This product is fool proof for fathers who ca n't figure out how to keep their babies swaddled tightly . The fleece keeps our baby girl warm in the winter and she falls right asleep since her arms are tightly secured at her side .
 So happy to find a cozy fleece sleepsack that does n't come in a washed-out pastel color . Keeps my little cupcake warm at night while looking delectably adorable !
 I love these sleeping sacks and there really the best !! I have tried others but nothing is even close in quality
 Once growing out of a swaddling blanket , we 've used Halo sleepsacks to help our little one sleep . This fleece version is great for winter to help keep babies warm . Our baby is 9mo and around 18lbs and still fits and loves this thing . If she 's fussing when going down , she is able to wiggle her arms free , but it generally does the trick if she goes down tired . Nice feature about this style is the removable swaddle wrap . Once the kid no longer needs to have their arms wrapped , you can graduate them to just the sleepsack .
 My baby would not sleep without a swaddle until about 5 months . In the beginning I actually had to swaddle him twice with two different blankets because he loved to be swaddled , but would break out of it and wake himself up . I tried every swaddle option and this was the easiest . Plus , when you are done swaddling , you can take off the arm part and use it as a sleepsack . With all the stuff you end up buying and trying , it was nice to have dual use .
 This swaddle is the only reason we sleep at night . It is so easy to use . The fleece is less stretchy than cotton so it is much harder to escape . I love that it zips down so it does n't scratch her chin . We had a newborn size and needed to get a bigger one . This swaddle is large , even though it says small . I was worried my daughter would out grow it quickly but she has plenty of room to grow . She is four months old and I 'm sure it will fit her for a couple more months.The fleece is soft and it keeps my daughter warm . It is probably best for fall and winter babies because it might be too warm for summer .
 Cute pattern and fits well . I personally never used the swaddle wrap ... just took it off and can use the sleep sack as is since I could no longer find sleep sacks without the swaddle option . Zips from bottom to top which is smart for late night diaper checks/changes . Only downside is the fabric pills after the first couple of washings and now -LRB- 2 months later -RRB- looks pretty banged up :-LRB- but she will be out of it once this cold winter ends soon .
 This sleepsack worked much better for our baby than the various types of swaddle blankets . It is sometimes a little harder to get her arms through the sleeve holes without waking her that it would be with a swaddle blanket , but the benefit is that it is easier to change a diaper -LRB- since it zips up the front -RRB- and the sleepsack stays in place and does n't ride up around the baby 's face . Also , the velcro pads are very large so you can adjust where to attach it on the sleepsack and make the swaddle varying degrees of tightness.My only complaint is that the microfleece is pretty heavy , so I was worried that our baby would overheat at night . Overall a great product .
 Ordered this for our newborn preemie granddaughter . It will serve her for a long time as it is a good size . Perfect for newborns and especially preemie 's who need that extra layer of warmth !
 This is my favorite swaddle for baby . Baby can not get out of it and it can not ride up over face due to it 's design with arm holes . I like the removable swaddle wings so that it can be used as a simple sleep blanket when baby does not like being swaddled . I also like the direction of the zipper from top to bottom . This item pairs well with a baby gown with elastic bottom for easy diaper changes at night .
 Our 7 week old sleeps so much better when he 's swaddled , but could wiggle his way out of a blanket swaddle in no time . We 've all been sleeping better since we started him in this sleepsack ! He can not wiggle out of the extra-strong velcro . He will wiggle himself so that the swaddle part covers his face , which I do n't like , but the stay-put tabs do keep it from coming too far up .
 Received one of these as a gift from the hospital . Love , love , love it ! Easy to change diaper by unzipping up from the bottom -LRB- so you do n't have to completely uncover baby -RRB- . He 's content and warm & sleeps well . Just bought 2 more !
 This item is awesome for my newborn son ! Love the fabric , ability to swaddle with and without hands , and that in winter it keeps him cozy and warm , not to mention it is very pretty ! Definitely recommend for cold weather ! I have two of those , and one cotton one .
 I love the halo sleep sack . If your baby likes to be swaddled , this is a great product . It is warm for winter months , and does not come open like handmade swaddles . My daugter has used it since she came home , other swaddles do not compair !
 My baby has been in the nicu for about 8 days , They use this swaddle for her and she loves it so much we had to buy one , If we didnt I dont think we would ever be able to get her to go to sleep once she gets home .
 I love these , and they are endorsed by hospitals and SIDS prevention groups . Our son slept great in them.My only complaint is the sizing . It should be based on length , not weight , because a child 's length is what is going to determine whether or not these fit . Our son is long . He could no longer straighten his legs completely in the newborn sacks when he was around 11 lbs . He is now about 141/2 pounds and , at over 27 inches in length , is very near to outgrowing the size small ones we bought him . Even going by normal baby clothing sizes would be more helpful than listing weight ranges . If your child does n't wear the size corresponding with his/her age -LRB- like ours , who is now in 6-9mo at 4mo old because of his length -RRB- , you still know what size of clothes you 're putting on him/her every day.Just keep that in mind if you have a baby who is long in relation to his/her weight . You might want to order a size larger .
 These make swaddling easier , more so than other Velcro wraps we 've tried , let alone swaddling blankets . We ordered these when our son outgrew his original ones -LRB- around 12 or 13 pounds -RRB- , and they 've been quite adjustable as he 's gotten bigger.The microfleece is great for winter too , especially since we like to keep the house a little cooler at night . It 's also SO soft , snuggling him while he 's in it is like snuggling the sweetest teddy-bear EVER . : -RRB-
 I ca n't say enough good things about the sleep sack . After my son made it clear he could get himself out of any blanket , we started using the sleep sack . It 's so nice not to worry about your baby getting cold at night or suffocating in a fluffy blanket . I do love this product , but I must admit the swaddle feature does not work for me . My son ca n't stand to have his arms confined and even though you can wrap the swaddle vest below their arms , it 's just an additional unnecessary step when dressing the baby . When I put the sleep sack on my boy he knows it 's bedtime and it 's become a nice part of our wind down routine .
 My son is 9 weeks old , and has been using the SleepSack for about 2 weeks . Prior to that , I 've swaddled him in blankets and in theSwaddleMe Adjustable Infant Wrap-Blue Cotton Knit . Blankets came apart easily , and the SwaddleMe worked for a few weeks , then became very easy for him to wriggle out of -LRB- not to mention that even though he was well within the recommended size for the product , it ran small very quickly -RRB- . His sleep benefits from swaddling but I was n't able to find something that got a good grip on him and also stayed in place comfortably . Once I put him in a SleepSack , he started sleeping longer at night - he 's now up to a 6 hour uninterrupted stretch - a huge leap from his 21/2 hours-at-a-time routine.I like that the SleepSack is somewhat versatile in how you wrap baby - it can wrap his arms , or just his torso . I did n't think that the torso-only wrap would make a difference , but on nights where he absolutely wo n't tolerate having his arms wrapped , he has still slept very well . My only complaint is that I 'd like the swaddle wings to be removable , for when I want to use it as solely a sleep blanket.The velcro is also pretty loud when you open the swaddle , which can wake baby , but I 'm not sure that 's something you can avoid .
 HALO is truly phenomenal ! You may remember my HALO Comfortluxe Sleepwear review I wrote a few months ago , in which I mentioned that I 'd heard great things about the Halo SleepSack but had n't actually tried one , well ... now I have!Every new baby needs one of these ! Sometimes I put my baby in a onesie and just zipped her up -LRB- she has since outgrown it -RRB- . She slept so well , and so did I , knowing she was safe . The sleep sack is fleece and zips like a sleeper . The arms can be placed across the chest in the arm pockets which velcro on to the chest , or not wrapped up at all.It is especially important to properly swaddle to prevent suffocation and hip dysplasia . Here is some info on Hip Dysplasia , if like me , you 've never heard of it.HALO 's SleepSacks and Swaddles are the only products on the market approved `` hip healthy '' by the International Hip Dysplasia Institute.It 's no wonder that they 're the # 1 choice of hospitals ! These blankets are also great for transitioning babies from swaddling to arms free sleep . Great and safe baby gift idea!See my full review on my blog -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We are very happy with the quality of the sleepsack . I had purchased one 3 yrs ago and while it was great for my baby , I found it cumbersome to use and in the laundry it was always coming apart . They have since modified the design to be easier to use and of much higher quality . We have to wash ours often and I 'm very happy with how it is wearing . I close the velcro enclosures before washing so it does n't stick to everything else in the load . My only complaint is that it seems oddly sized . my baby is big but very short for her age and it seems as though she 's growing out of the length before anything else . I am very pleased with the high quality construction of this swaddle and plan on buying the next size up . I would highly recommend this to other parents .
 This swaddle helps our daughter sleep like a baby . -LRB- Oh , wait ... -RRB- She outgrew her newborn size knit swaddle by Halo , and we bought the next size up in fleece because it is now winter time and we thought she could use the extra warmth . The only problem is that she likes it too much . We 've created a swaddle monster that ca n't sleep without being swaddled , but now she is getting too old to be swaddled -LRB- starting to roll over -RRB- so we 're going through the painful process of breaking her of the swaddle . However , the product itself is great . I did n't give 5 stars because it quickly lost its fleecy softness after a few -LRB- ~ 5 -RRB- washes . It is still soft , but is starting to pill and the cream color does n't look particularly clean . The velcro is super strong and the fabric is warm . I love how it zips from the top down - makes middle of the night diaper changes MUCH easier ! This style is also useful because once we break our baby from the swaddle , we can still use it as a sleep sack !
 I really like this sleep sack . we have had two and need another . Our girl sleeps in it every night . The zipper ends at the bottom which makes midnight diaper changes easy because you do n't need to take the entire thing off .
 This is a must have for all infants . It keeps them so warm and helps them sleep . Just wish they made them for adults too ! : -RRB-
 We used the swaddle sleep sacks with my daughter . I am really confused about the reviews that say the material rides up near the face . In my 8 months of swaddling my daughter with the halo swaddler , we never had that happen . She broke out of every other swaddler but the Velcro panels are much bigger than other brands and she could n't break out . And never once did her wiggling cause the blankets to ride up - she sleep safely and happily in this swaddle blanket .
 I received this as a gift from a hospital when my child was born . I tried swaddling my baby with a regular blanket numerous times , but I was too exhausted to fix it over and over . I loved this so much that I ordered two more ; one with Micro-fleece and one made out of 100 % cotton . My daughter wears it on a daily basis and keeps her warm .
 Our daughter received one of these in the hospital . She will not sleep without it ! The cotton fabric is nice for warmer evenings . However , the micro fleece is great for colder fall and winter evenings . Under the wrap we used long sleeved shirts on warmer evenings . The long sleeved shirts underneath were more convenient for changing diapers in the middle of the night . On colder nights we use Gerber sleep sacks underneath . My daughter is a couple of months old and we have already purchased the next size sleepsack . Thank you Halo . Fabulous !
 My baby sleeps much better when she 's swaddled , and this sleepsack makes it impossible for her to wiggle out or cover her face with the blanket .
 My baby outgrown the Summer Infant swaddles in length by 2mo . This sack works well as long as you keep the swaddle flaps 1-2 inches below the shoulders , or be sure the hands are tucked in so the arms can not push up the flaps to gather around the neck . The material is soft and washes well . However , a strong baby will likely be able to slide his arms out of the swaddle rather easily . My baby is about 24 to 25 inches long and the sack still has ample room . It works well .
 We love this swaddle sleep sack ! You can do arms in or out and it 's so cozy and warm for my little one ! I will be giving this as baby shower gifts to any friends with babies born in cold weather months !
 We own 2 sleepsack swaddles and love them both . This one in Micro-Fleece for cold nights and one in cotton for warmer nights . I really like that they are easy to use , safe for baby and come in a variety of fabric and color options . My Daughter is very comfortable in this micro-fleece swaddle , it keeps her warm and she sleeps way better in it than in regular newborn sleepers . I have washed it several times and it still looks new . This is a must have for newborns .
 Got an idea from baby registry.I bought it as a gift , so I ca n't tell you how good it is ... But , I am glad I checked Amazon ! They had more variety and also cheaper than other famous baby stores.As a Prime member , it only took 2 days to receive it.I did n't have to go anywhere during the holiday season - the busiest time of year , but still it made her happy !
 It 's so nice and cute , and the baby loves it . It was real easy to wrap her up in , and it worked perfect
 Love the not having to worry about blankets and it is super soft . It washes well and keeps her comfortable , warm and safe .
 I received the halo sleepsack swaddle as a baby gift before my baby was born . We started using it almost right away . I felt it was very easy to use . I was able to wrap the ` wings ' around and secure them so that they stayed velcroed . My family was n't as good at that - they always had it too loose and it would come un-velcroed when the baby wiggled around a lot . My baby slept so well when he was swaddled that we bought a second one so we could have one washing while he was sleeping . When he outgrew them we bought two more in cotton -LRB- it was summer by then -RRB- . My baby slept in these for every nap and at night for 7 months before he outgrew them . I recommend them to everyone . Just make sure you figure out how to secure it properly .
 We love this sack!It keeps my 2m old baby boy warm and cozy . The bottom zipper opening is perfectly practical for night diaper changes . No need to unwrap the upper body and wake up the baby.We use it arms in at night for deep sleep and arms out during the day naps for free movement.It 's easy to lift the baby in it even when fuzzy , so bye-bye loose swaddle-me blankets that always need to be re-swaddled .
 We purchased this for my son after his long stay in the NICU . These are so much better than blankets . They are so soft and last longer than the recommended usage due to the length .
 We purchased this for my son after his long stay in the NICU . These are so much better than blankets . They are so soft and last longer than the recommended usage due to the length .
 I used this item to swaddle my baby and transition her from swaddling by leaving an arm out . It is very warm , so it works in the cool months well .
 Great quality ; was exactly what my fussy daughter needed ... the best swaddling product on the market . Well worth the higher price tag .
 We are huge fans of the swaddle . Both of our daughters have benefited from it , and it has helped up get a lot of extra sleep ! We have used everything from basic blankets , the swaddle me , a receiving blanket then topped with the swaddle me -LRB- really holds them in-but they have to be dressed minimally underneath there -RRB- , the miracle blanket and now this . This is a great idea!PROS1 . Heavy duty velcro stays on securely-I do not think they could get the velcro undone2 . Allows for the arms to be swaddled , but is n't too tight on them3 . Allows for access to the diaper easily for those middle of the night changes4 . The swaddle part is removeable if you just want to use the sack5 . washes very well and holds up to repeated use6 . it is the only swaddling product I have found that does n't require much effort to put on , thus does n't wake up the drowsy or sleeping baby -LRB- IF the sack itself is already on-we open up the swaddle part in the middle of the night for our 7 week old 's feedings , and if she dozes off , we can quickly and easily swaddle her back up and not disturb her -RRB- CONS1 . the legs are pretty free in there-if your child needs his or her legs to be secure also , this may not be the thing , but I have n't found that to be an issue with too many people2 . it is small and so far only sold in newborn size . Our 7 week old is very long for her age , and she really still needs to be swaddled but is outgrowing the sack in length . I am contemplating sewing patches on the back of our larger sleep sacks so that we can use the swaddle portion on those , but it would be nice if they made it in a larger size .
 This product was probably the best money I spent on my son . I had learned how to do an extremely effective swaddle with just a normal blanket , not knowing these existed . This just made life so much easier . As for the other review 's criticism of the suffocation hazard , I think there are ways to avoid it . My son was also able to get his arms out , particularly once he got older , but they always went over the wings , not under , so it was n't a suffocation hazard . Basically , if you velcro it extremely tightly -LRB- and any swaddle worth doing , regardless of technique should be -RRB- , and do it such that it is low enough -LRB- top of wings roughly even with the top of the baby 's bicep -RRB- , you should be fine . It 's important to remember that you 're trying to pin their arms to their sides , which means you can put the wing part pretty low , and it will make it harder for them to escape , and more likely that went they do , they escape with their arms above the wings.This had such a huge impact on my son 's sleep . And while we tried to wean him from it earlier , he continued to need it until he was about 5 months old . There 's no way I could have swaddled him until he was that old , b/c the blankets just were n't big enough , and he was too strong . That meant that this product allowed us to ensure that he continued sleeping for 12 hours/night .
 This product should be called the sleep saver ! That 's what it is . Our 6 week old is a chunker at 12 lbs and 23 inches already and he 's pretty strong to boot ! He escapes from every blanket , and you can imagine most of them he 's already grown out of ! This thing is a life saver , it fits him perfect in small , and ensures a snug swaddle he can not escape out of . I `` m not sure how the first reviewers baby managed to end up with arms out from the bottom , I imagine that would be near impossible considering the way it is made , large over the arms ... and I should know ! I have a Herculean child ! I think probably the swaddle needed to be snugger then they did or perhaps it was just too big a size for them ? . Eitherway I am a happier mom thanks to this swaddle , it even stops his fussiness ! Godsend ! I am so buying more of these !
 Our son was born prematurely and spent the first five weeks in the NICU at our hospital . Many premature babies can not sleep -LRB- or sleep comfortably -RRB- without being swaddled due to the lack of muscular control and overstimulation of their arms and legs . If they were still in the womb they would have very limited movement.The NICU doctors and nurses will swaddle the premature babies -LRB- quite snugly -RRB- to prevent them from being able to move their arms and legs . Almost instantly this puts them at ease , and allows them to sleep.On the day of his discharge part of the instructions we received was that there should be no blankets or cloths in the crib/bassinet and that he should be wearing what clothing he needs to stay warm . The first day was nearly a disaster , as he would not goto sleep for nearly 8 hours ! -LRB- While in the hospital the longest he had been awake was about 2 hours . -RRB- This whole time he was flailing his arms about and crying almost non-stop . We knew that he needed to be swaddled , but we were not supposed to leave him with a blanket.Then we realized we had a SleepSack Swaddle that we had picked up earlier , on a whim really , while shopping before our baby came home . We read the instructions and correctly fitted the sleepsack to the swaddle piece and put our son in it . Within seconds he finally fell asleep!We double checked with our NICU nurses regarding the safety of the device and they concurred it was the right thing for us . Without the sleepsack our premature baby would have probably lost weight due to all the fussing and lack of sleep from not being swaddled . Thankfully this amazing product allowed our son to get the rest he needed , and safely , so that he could grow.The sleepsack swaddle never failed us . If you use it properly your baby should be wrapped snugly so that it is difficult for them to move their arms . It never came up , or even near , our baby 's mouth , or gave us any cause for concern . As he was older , and was just past the age of a term baby it became obvious he no longer needed , or wanted , his arms swaddled , and nearly overnight was able to sleep without being swaddled , at that point we switched to just the SleepSack without the swaddle.For babies who NEED to be swaddled , this product has been a lifesaver ! Thank you so much !!
 We had wonderful success with this swaddle sack and wrap . I found that as long as the wrap piece was low on my son 's shoulders , it did not move up whan he moved around . He slept very soundly and always seemed cozy and comfortable . Now that he is older , we use a Halo Sleepsack without the wrap - which is ideal since his little legs kick off any blanket we try to put on him.This was our choice to replace the `` Kiddopotamus Swaddle Me '' blanket which other reviewers liked . In our experience , our son managed to pull the wrap piece of the `` Swaddle Me '' blanket over his face and head which terrified me and led me to `` retire '' that item and start using the Halo Sleepsack .
 I purchased the pink Swaddle SleepSack yesterday in hopes to find a solution to my 8 week old -LRB- who LOVES to be swaddled -RRB- getting frustrated when she kicks off her blankets -LRB- she `` dances '' when she has gas or needs to do her business -RRB- in her sleep . We have a `` swaddle me '' blanket , but she always manages to get her arms out and then gets annoyed that she is n't comfortable anymore.Emily-Marie has never slept through the night . UNTIL LAST NIGHT.We had been out all day and I figured I might as well put her in this for her afternoon nap , since we had it . I gave her a bath , and did her normal sleepy-time routine , swaddling her in this , rather than using blankets.THAT WAS 3PM . IT IS NOW 7AM AND SHE IS JUST NOW WAKING UP.I 've had to wake her up each time I needed to nurse her , and i even changed her diaper 3 times -LRB- the reverse zipper is great , I do n't have to get her out ! -RRB- since the start of her `` nap '' . Believe me , I will be getting the blue and cream colors too , just to have them on hand . I LOVE that this is a 3-in-1 product -LRB- arms in/swaddled ; arms out/swaddled ; slumbersack / no swaddle -RRB- and I LOVE that she sleeps so well in it!Too bad they do n't make one for grownups !
 I have been a nanny for over 15 years and always tried to swaddle the babies before they went down for their naps , but could not get the blanket to stay tight for very long . Regular blankets can end up over the babies face if they move around a lot , but this eliminates the fear of SIDS completely.When I became pregnant with my own , I researched online and found this product . I LOVE IT !!! Our daughter has been sleeping through the night since she was 3 weeks old . She is now 10 weeks old and sleeps 9 hours straight.If the `` wrap '' portion of the swaddler rides up a little , place the baby in the blanket a little higher so the shoulders are at the very top . Wrap it low and away from their chin .
 For the first 3 weeks of our daughters life -LRB- before we knew about the Halo SleepSack Swaddle -RRB- she would sleep about 1/2 hour at a time . As soon as we started using the Halo SleepSack swaddle she immediately jumped up to 3 hours of sleep at a time . The only reason it was n't longer was that I had to wake her up every 3 hours to eat . At her 2 month appointment I brought in the sleep sack to the pediatrician 's office because it seemed like it was too short for her , but she was n't big enough in the chest to move to a size small . The doctor told me that it was actually good for babies to sleep with their knees bent so I could continue using the newborn size sleep sack until she was big enough in the shoulders to transition to the small size . I also found that the Halo SleepSack was much easier to get her in an out of than the SummerInfant brand sleep sacks .
 I got 3 different sleep sacs for my newborn - halo , swaddle me from kiddopotamus , and carters . Out of these , halo is by far the best in quality and comfort . The material is superior and may be comparable to the one from carters -LRB- swaddle me is not as good -RRB- . However , this one beats the other 2 in fit and comfort . My baby loved it . It is a bit pricey comparatively , but it is well worth the price .
 Love to use it for my newborn baby who keeps on taking the regular blanket off by kicking it . By using this I dont worry about her getting cold at night and do n't have to keep on checking to see if the blanket is off her .
 I bought this for my 3 month old and about 10 lbs at the time , since she was outgrowing her other Swaddle . This one is great with the full zipper that zips from the bottom up , so you do n't have to fully unzip and undo the swaddle wrap to change the diaper . The fabric is soft and warm and the &#34; sack &#34; portion allows her to kick and wiggle around but she wiggles so much that the body portion tends to creep up to her chin . Not really a big deal but this could be an issue for smaller babies . She is now 4 months old and 13 lbs and the &#34; swaddle wrap &#34; is n't working so good these days , she is breaking free from having her arms tucked in . So , we are adjusting to having her arms outside of the swaddle but she sometimes wakes herself up with this new sleeping way . Other than that , it 's a great product , soft , warm , allows for growth and is a great safe way to wrap up the little one !
 I love these swaddles . I 've been using them for my twins since they were born . They are easy to use , warm , and wash easily . I wash them every few days and they still look new . This is a just have product especially when the weather is cold . It also helps them stay asleep .
 If there is one way to swaddle my son easily it is using this sleepsack . I highly recommend this for a newborn and to aid in getting some great sleep . So soft too !
 Bought this for my daughter when she was 1 month and it is really cute . It is heavy fleece so baby does n't need more then a onesie on under this , if even that . Normally I just put my daughter in her diaper when she wears this . I then have to make sure the room stays cool or she will break a sweat . I did n't give this 5 stars because it is a thick and heavy material so my daughter can over heat easily . Otherwise I love it . She is still able to wear it now at 3 months old even though she has been out of newborn clothes for over a month now , the halo sack is still long/wide enough for her .
 We got this exact sleep sack as a take home from our stay in the hospital for our newborn . Although I had heard about sleep sacks from our friends who have kids , I did n't really understand when to use them since all I knew/heard about was swaddling our baby -LRB- which , if you have a little Houdini-esque baby like ours , is not really practical -RRB- . Enter the sleep sack.PROS for this one : - The micro fleece is thicker than other sleep sacks which helps keep our baby warm in the winter . - The thicker material actually helps keep our baby wrapped tighter - thinner material sleep sacks still give her too much room to wiggle around in and move around , which distracts her , and thus wakes her up . - Decently durable - she wears this every day and it gets open and closed a zillion times and has held up pretty well considering , although the inner satiny tag w/wrap instructions is starting to fall apart . - Has the option to wrap our baby with her arms free , which she LOVES!No cons large enough to worth mentioning now as we just ordered the next size up since she is growing so fast !
 Easy to use and baby sleeps great with it . Strip around arms is nice and long . Diaper change without removing blanket is not really practical but it 's still a great swaddle blanket .
 We purchased this Halo swaddle wrap when the newborn size was getting too small for our infant . I was hesitant as to whether or not the size small would be big enough . It works well ! Our baby was 12 pounds when we began using it and we will continue to use it for night time sleeping until the little one can roll over . Length is sufficient and material is fleece for warmth during winter nights . We dress the infant in a onesie , put the wrap over top and our baby keeps at the right temperature for sleep . I would recommend this purchase .
 The Halo sleepsack swaddle is the BEST baby item out there for new parents ! I get one for each of my expecting friends and i know i would n't be able to sleep well without keeping our little one in a sleepsack . The swaddle part of the Halo version comes off for when you do n't need it anymore . Also , we have tried the swaddleme and the other swaddles out there and the quality just is n't good . Halo makes the best one ! you will LOVE this !
 My twin girls loved this product . It was easy to use by sleepy parents and kept the girls feeling safe and warm . It washes well and held up it 's shape over time . I loved that the zipper ends up at the bottom once put on so you can check the babies diaper without unswaddling the baby or even waking them . I noticed only once that the swaddle portion bunched up around the babies face and that was when it was not attached properly since you can remove that portion of the sleep sak and let them hang out withtout the swaddling feature . When used properly we never had any issues . My girls are older and no longer need to be swaddled so I have moved them into the next size up as they just love their sleepsaks and I feel safe that they are warm without having to use blankets .
 We have three or four different kinds of swaddles , and this one is very nice . It is nice to be able to remove the swaddle part and then just have a `` wearable blanket '' that wo n't get pushed off the baby with his kicking like a regular blanket . The only swaddle we have that we like better than this isThe Original Woombie Baby Cocoon Swaddle , but even that is limited in that you ca n't have the baby 's arms out while it is on . I 'd recommend getting one or two of each . Both come in handy at different times .
 Perfect for &#34; swaddle fighters &#34; My son is so cozy in this , we had a winter baby and this keeps him nice and toasty at night ! All you need is a onesie underneath otherwise he gets sweaty !
 I love this swaddle because there are multiple ways to use it . You can swaddle both arms , or just one , or even convert to not swaddling arms at all . I like that the legs are free to move around , but they stay warm as they are still covered by the sleep sack . The fleece material is good for a winter baby .
 I used the smaller one for the first four month . The sleep sack keeps my baby warm and helps her sleep through the night . It 's also very easy to operate .
 Works amazingly ! Was a perfect upgrade to the newborn swaddler we had . Is very soft and warm . We love it !
 We just got back home from the hospital with our newborn baby . We tried every swaddle out there but nothing was has comfortable for our baby girl as this . also , very easy to put on her . She is now 11 weeks and still peacefully sleeps in it . Best swaddle ever ! Every baby is different but it is worth the try .
 I love the swaddle sleep sack combo because my kids were both bad about flinging their arms and waking themselves up , but a full swaddle was a little much for them . This was the perfect combo . The fleece was really light weight , so I never worried about him overheating , but he was always nice and toasty when I got him out of it .
 This are great , especially once your baby is too big to swaddle easily , but still wants to be swaddled at night . The material did seem to make my son too warm though if he wore it over a thicker sleeper . The nights we used this I had to put him in a thinner sleeper so he did not sweat . They did help ME sleep better knowing he was not going to get blankets in his face at night and/or was not going to get cold . They are a little expensive , but may be worth the investment for your child .
 This is the only swaddle that will contain our son , who is a beast when he sleeps . Great product , I will be buying for all my friends who have kids from now on !
 Both our babies have slept so well in these . One of the sleep sacks that we bought recently started coming apart slightly at the seam , but it was quick and easy to sew back up . Otherwise , these have held up great through about 14 hours of daily use and many washings !
 My little guy will only sleep in Halo SleepSacks . We 've tried several other brands that are more readily available in stores , but with no luck . This one has been perfect for our colder weather with just a little pj outfit underneath . It keeps his nice and cozy - which has been helping him to sleep better . The material is soft and washes well .
 Wish they made these bigger than newborn and small . I really liked to swaddle his arms at night to keep warm .
 I love the halo sleep sacks . It is just a nice way to have a blanket on your baby without covers in the crib . I have bought more of these as she has grown . Love them .
 We received this as a gift from the hospital when I had our baby . I love that it 's a nice and cozy fleece material , and also that the zipper is high quality/heavy duty metal . The velcro is also a nice quality velcro , that is n't too sticky or hard to pull apart . The swaddler is also very easy to use , and keeps baby snuggly warm.We have owned 4 swaddlers thus far , and this is by and far our favorite . The only thing I would recommend , is that if your baby is premature , to purchase the preemie sized swaddler instead of the newborn size . The material does come up to baby 's chin , so you would want to ensure that you have the proper fit for YOUR baby . Otherwise the swaddler could go up over baby 's nose , which could potentially happen with any swaddler , if it 's not the right size/fit . Overall - amazing product , and I highly recommend . I think I will purchase this for my sister & sister-in-law as baby shower gifts once they have children .
 We really liked this swaddle . It fits snugly so our daughter was n't able to get her arms out until she was at the top end of the weight limit for this size . Nice thick warm fleece . It definitely helped her sleep well and I 'd recommend it highly .
 We started out using the Swaddleme swaddlers , but when our baby got to be about 6 weeks old she learned to wriggle out of them . This kind , with the zipper , keeps her in ! As soon as we put her in her swaddler , she seems to know that it is time to go to sleep . It soothes her and keeps her warm . We have a cotton one for the summer and a micro-fleece for the winter . The only downside is that they 're pretty pricey ... oh well .
 My son has a strong startle reflex . These made him feel safe and secure and let him sleep longer at night . they are soft and he loves them .
 I love its soft fleecy feel and how even the fastener strips are soft , no worries about them brushing against baby and scratching him . It 's getting cold in Michigan , and I was concerned about LB being warm enough . I do n't have those fears any more because I feel this will give him the extra layer he needs . The sleeveless design will keep him warm but not overheat . The area for his legs and feet is nice and roomy . He gets the comfort from being gently swaddled but I think he also has more freedom of movement than with a traditional swaddle . He does move around a bit and has been able to get out of another swaddle product , this one not only seems more comfotable but he has n't been able to bust out either!I also like how the HALO SleepSack Swaddle can be used to transistion him from swaddle to a wearable blanket . Eventually , we 'll be able to position the swaddle wrap so that his arms are out and then into a SleepSack wearable blanket .
 We have a newborn size Halo Swaddle and it is really a great product . Not only is it made from a soft fleece , but it is also easy to use . It may seem a bit overwhelming at first but take a second to look at it and you wo n't be disappointed . If you come to a point where you no longer need or want the swaddle , you can remove it and use the Sleepsack wearable blanket alone . It has soft and adjustable fastener strips that make it easy to adjust for your growing baby . You can choose to have baby 's arms in or out of the swaddle . It is unique that it has a special design that keeps the fabric from gathering near the baby 's face so there is no unnecessary concern of suffocation.I love that the Halo Swaddle keeps baby warm and comfortable with the sack design . I also love the ease it gives to change diapers with the inverted zipper . Those late-night diaper changes are a breeze thanks to that . The Swaddle comes in sizes Preemie , Newborn and Small and works for children up to 6 months old . You should discontinue the swaddle feature immediately if the baby shows signs of rolling over , shows signs of not wanting to be swaddled , or show signs of breaking loose of the swaddle itself . Remember though , with the Halo Swaddle , you can remove the swaddle feature and you still have a Sleepsack !
 Best sleepsack ! This worked so great for my Daughter , made her feel secure with out being too squished . I love how you can take the arm wings off and so did my daughter . She was able to keep her hands free and helped keep her warm . Great Product !
 This sleepsack worked the best for my daughter . She wasnt confined like alot of the other sleepsacks . Gave her more room but made her still feel secure . Deffently recommend .
 This is a great swaddler sleepsack & pretty tough to get out of , even for the biggest wrigglers !! We used it regularly for my daugher during cooler months , but had to pack it away as soon as it got a bit warmer .
 We had a very difficult time getting our little one to sleep without him sleeping on one of us which is n't considered very safe -LRB- related to SIDS incidents -RRB- . We ran across the Happiest Baby on the Block book which was our first key to helping him sleep . When he was a few months old he outgrew his infant swaddlers , so I went looking for a bigger one . Swaddling was the perfect way to help him calm into a deep sleep . But the recommendation is once they could roll over that you should not longer swaddle . Being able to remove the swaddle , but keep the sack I think helped . He sleeps better in his sleep sack than out . We bought three , and love them . I will caution that the sizes on amazon say up to 6 months for the smallest one , but that is only if you have a very small baby -LRB- up to 12 pounds -RRB- . I found that out when we got them . I had bought two sizes , and he outgrew the smaller one at four months.The reverse zipper is great when the baby is still soiling a diaper several times at night . However , at 9 months -LRB- which we brought the larger one -RRB- , it is difficult to get him in it , put the zipper together and pull it down when he gets fussy and fights with me . I 'm looking for one that zips like a normal one now since he does n't need any diaper changes until I get him up for the day . But he still sleeps a lot better in a sack .
 I was concerned about the wording `` flame retardant '' in the materials description on the Halo Website . I just spoke with a customer service rep at the company and she confirmed they are NOT treated with any chemicals and that the 100 % polyester is itself flame resistant.Good news
 My daughter in law wanted to swaddle her newborn baby because it is so comforting for them but it is confusing how to fold the blankets ... when I saw this sleep sack for swaddling I was so happy , I sent her two and the baby loves them ! He sleeps so soundly and we are all happy with this product .
 great product , we already used the sleep swaddle in newborn size . our baby loves it and it keeps her nice and warm and holds her in despite all the nap / sleeptime wriggles . allows our baby to sleep in a bag and still b swaddled so less blankets in her cot which as well as staying in place , makes it safer .
 I bought this blue HALO sleepsack after receiving a cream colored one from the hospital . I had purchased a set of the Summer Infant swaddlers , but my son did not like them at all . Every single time I put him in one of these HALO sleepsack 's he immediately would fall asleep . I did n't have to worry about him being too cold during the night , or worry about loose blankets . He did prefer to have his arms out once he was around 2 weeks old , so I 'm so happy that option is available . If I ever have another child , I will be ordering several of these . I did see the review about the wings ending up over baby 's face , and I did experience this , a simple adjustment to make sure the wings were positioned correctly and tightly eliminated this problem . Out of all of the baby gear out there , I really think this is a must have !
 I love Halo swaddles . I have been using them since my little girl was born . The hospital had some specially made to give all the new parents . I was hooked after that . We have 4 in the newborn size for my little girl -LRB- 3 cototn & 1 fleece -RRB- and 2 cotton in the small size which she is just fititng into . I Love Them !! The fleece I feel is a little too heavy . I am afraid of overheating . I think it is a good idea ... but with my daughter getting bigger and breaking out from time to time , I think I would rather put her in those other little Gerber sacks or a sleeper and then inside a cotton one . That way she is layered and if she gets her arms out then her arms are still covered . I guess a long sleeved onsie will even work once we get into cooler weather and the temp drops in the house at night . If she was still a newborn and not moving as much , I would definately do a fleece ... she 's just getting to big and I am afraid it might slip the wrong way and with it being thicker get in the way .
 My baby loves being swaddled , and this is so easy to use ! It works like her `` pajamas '' -LRB- just a diaper underneath -RRB- and the sleep sack helps her stay asleep longer than if she were in a sleeper . It also keeps her warm were I do n't have to have additional blankets in the crib , because of the SIDS risk . Love it !
 I would highly recommend purchasing something like this for your newborn . It is comfortable and soft and the swaddling feature helps the baby sleep much longer than if they are n't swaddled . It also stays swaddled longer than a blanket and is easier to undo/redo than using a traditional blanket .
 I purchased this Halo Sleepsack for my daughter when she was about 3 months old to help her sleep longer and better in her crib . It did the trick ! She felt secure , warm and comfortable and I noticed an immediate change in how long she slept . I like the fact that she can have her arms free and still be bundled in . Another benefit is not having to use blankets . I only wish I could have used it longer but the summer heat has kept me from using it . I am saving it for our next little one .
 Purchased the halo sack to have extra on hand after our son was born 6/14/12 ... he loves to be swaddled at night ! From the day we brought him home from the hospital he has been sleeping through the night ... convinced the swaddle has something to do with it ! : -RRB-
 We love the Halo sleep sacks for our 6-month old daughter . She is still useing them ! We got 2 fleece size small sleep sacks for the winter , but they 're a bit too warm for our baby who tends to be a little heat generator .
 The Halo sleep sacks are terrific . They are a first time parent must . In particular , the swaddle variety are great for babies 1 mo + . They are super easy , and they kept our son snuggly sleeping many hours . We recommend the Miracle Blanket , too -- especially for when you first bring the baby home .
 My twin girls were fully swaddled , and when we wanted to transition them out of that we used these so instead of doing legs & arms we could just do arms . It worked very well . These keep them warm and cozy . Would highly recommend .
 I 've used this product for both of my babies . It 's the only swaddle that has helped them sleep through the night , as it is much harder to break out of vs. the Swaddle Me brand . Plus , you can remove the swaddle if you prefer to use just the sleepsack . There are also velcro loops that keep the swaddle in place , so that baby ca n't pull it over their face . After 4 + months , I remove the swaddle and use the sleepsack alone . I also used this brand in larger sizes until my son was old enough for a blanket -LRB- 1 + -RRB- . They hold up very well , although the fleece does get a little nubby after many , many washes.Great product , makes a great shower gifts too !
 These are great ... and much better than Summer or other brands . Quick on and off and the reverse zipper is brilliant and makes quick diaper changes easy . My 5 month old still needs a little swaddling when she sleeps and the Sleepsacks calm her immediately . I wish they were n't so expensive ... but I find them to be well worth it .
 I received my first Halo Swaddle Sleep Sack from the NICU when my daughter was discharged . They recommended putting your child to sleep in this every time . The sleep sack is great , the zipper is at the bottom so it wo n't dig into her neck like some of the other ones you find , the swaddle feature is perfect for keeping her secure , and keeping her little fingers warm at night . I own 2 Halo Swaddle sleep sacks and 2 regular Halo sleep sacks . The fleece material is very nice and warm , and the cotton is great if your house is warmer or your child 's pajamas are thicker . The size newborn sleep sack has soft velcro on the swaddle which is great . The velcro on the small swaddle sleep sack is REALLY heavy duty . There is no way that even the most active child -LRB- mine moves around a lot in her sleep -RRB- can pull off the velcro , however , it 's is VERY abrasive , so be careful when using it not to let it rub against your child 's skin -LRB- or your 's for that matter -RRB- . I have recommended the Halo Sleepsack to all my closest friends and have purchased it for many of them . It 's by far the best thing you can put your child in at night to keep them warm and safe !
 I purchased several sizes , including preemie , for my daughter 's twin daughters born 10 weeks early . I have nothing but glowing remarks to make -LRB- maybe a little jealous that these were not available when my three daughters were babies -RRB- . They are the most versatile `` warm '' wear for infants . They unzip from the bottom of the sleepsack making changing diapers so much easier than having to totally undress the girls . Super soft . Being able to use the sleepsack sleeveless is great when the girls have on long sleeve tops . The different ways to attach the wrap is nothing less than genius . And using velcro makes dressing so easy . For keeping infants in a warm `` swaddled-like '' wrap , but not too tight for daytime wear , I personally do not think there is another item like this on the market . A MUST to try .
 I LOVE these sleepsacks ! My newborn twins sleep soundly in them and I do n't have to worry about them getting out of them , which they do when I swaddle them with just about anything else . They 're nice and warm and have easy access for changing .
 I wanted to share my experience to help others decide if they should try a smaller breast shield . I have very prominent nipples/areolae -LRB- i.e. my areola is not flat on the breast but protrudes along with the nipple -RRB- . Despite reading all the websites out there on proper fit , I had a hard time trying to figure out which part of my nipple/areolae was supposed to be in the tunnel . I experienced a lot of pain and bruising with the standard 24mm shields . Two different lactation consultants told me to go up to 30mm . The 30mm incorporated my entire nipple/areola and was even getting some regular breast tissue while pumping . Although the 30mm did n't hurt as much , it definitely was not comfortable -- the discomfort was to the point where I worried that I was damaging my areola tissue because it was swelling so much afterwards . I also was n't getting as much milk as I did with the 24mm . After looking at a lot of pictures of normal breast anatomy , I figured out that my nipple was not the whole protruding pigmented part of my breast , but just the tip -LRB- before it widens out into areola -RRB- . I decided to go ahead and order these and I am so glad I did . Pumping does n't hurt at all anymore -- it is much more comfortable , almost to the point where I do n't really notice it -LRB- compared to the other sizes , where I felt every single suction -RRB- . My nipple fits into the tunnel without touching the sides and only a little bit of the areola goes in while pumping . If you are still not sure whether to get these , just remember that you know your body best and lactation consultants can sometimes be wrong .
 Pumping can be mysterious when you first start . Medela pumps come with the standard 24mm flanges , but that size does n't fit all . Oddly , there 's no specific way to tell if that flange is too big -LRB- too small is easy to tell -RRB- . You can pump in front of a lactation consultant for input on size . If there is a lot of space on the sides of the nipple when you begin pumping , if pumping pulls a good portion of the aerola into the flange , and if pumping hurts , then you probably need the smaller size . This 21 mm flange made pumping possible for me .
 While using the pump with the size that was provided , I noticed A LOT of leaking while pumping . Once I switched to this size the milk seemed to have an easier time coming out and the leaking stopped . I 'd certainly try using these if you are having those types of issues . These did n't cause any discomfort or cause pinching .
 I 'm not really going to review the actual breastshield , because to me , a breastshield is a breastshield . If you need the small Medela ones , here you go.I 'm going to write my experience in hopes that it helps others find the right size . I 'm a first time mom , and to me , this whole breastshield sizing business was confusing and crazy from the start . Medela says the flanges are sized according to nipple diameter . But unless I 'm doing something wrong , my nipples are not 21 mm in diameter . I thought I could pick the right size just by measuring my nipple but nooooo . Though , this whole experience has made me consider the fact that I might just have really small nipples ? But who knows . Geez.So , I started out with the mediums that come with the pump . They seemed fine . Eventually I came across information about picking the right size . From the diagrams on Medela 's website and the information that comes with the pump , the flange should fit with just your nipple being pulled in during pumping . -LRB- I was using this -LSB- ... -RSB- as a guide . . -RRB- My problem was I had too much areola/breast tissue being pulled in as well . I thought this was normal and that this is what they meant by `` nipple '' . But it said your flange was too small if your nipple was rubbing the sides of the tube . Which was happening , although it was all that breast tissue that was rubbing , not my actual nipple . Thinking this meant I needed a larger size -LRB- I thought if I increased the diameter of the tube , it would allow the nipple/areola to be pulled in without the rubbing on the sides -RRB- , I went up to the XL . Of course , all that happened with the XL was that MORE areola was sucked in and continued to rub the sides of the tube . I stuck with it for a couple of months , as I did n't know any better and my milk supply was fine . Recently , though , two things started to happen
 I ordered these when the standard 24mm shields just would not make a seal against my nipple . Every 30 seconds - minute , I had to take it off , wipe it and my boob down , and start over . I 'd get 3 or 4 good squirts , and then it 'd start leaking all over me again . Total pain in the butt . I am very large-breasted -LRB- now that I 'm nursing I 'm a 36F ... who knew bras came in F ?!?? -RRB- so I assumed I needed a bigger shield ; however , Dr. Google suggested smaller ones . ;-RRB- Watch your nips while you pump -- if a lot of areola is being pulled into the tunnel , you probably need a smaller breastshield.Anyway , I still have leakage and I wish I could go a size smaller , which is why it gets 4 stars instead of 5 , but it 's way improved . Also , I was n't sure if I would need the PersonalFit connectors , but these shields fit into the connectors that came with my pump .
 I 've been using the wrong breast shield size for 11 months ! I happend upon the sizing guide on Medela.com and noticed that even though my breasts are average size , my nipples are kinda small . The Medium size pulled too much areola in with the nipple . Now I get much better yeild and have a more comfortable pumping experience . Please make sure you 're using the right size !
 These fit me far better than the standard 24mm softfit breastshields that come with the medela pump in style . I instantly was able to express more milk once I purchased these , and they did n't irritate my skin the way the softfit did . I went from expressing around 8 oz at each session to about 13 oz on average , and again that was instantly . Medela has a chart to check so that you can see how the shields should fit you , or you can speak with a lactation consultant . Believe me , it is worth it to get the most out of your pumping experience - it even shortened the time I had to pump nearly in half .
 I had difficulty determining by the description if it would fit with my Harmony hand pump . While it is not shaped exactly like the shield the pump came with , this will fit the Harmony and works well . This eliminated the pain I was experiencing while pumping .
 I had trouble getting the most out of my pumping sessions with the standard 24mm breastshield . I got the 21mm , sadly they do n't make one even smaller -LRB- that I could find -RRB- , as I think that would help me to gather even more milk , but the 21mm helped me to get more milk than before . I still find getting a lot out of my pumping sessions , even after going 7 hours w/o nursing , is tough . :o-LRB- If only I could JUST nurse all the time .
 Came brand New and had very Fast shipment !!! Great buy to go with my Medela Pump for the next baby !
 No more sore nipples ! This product is great , they fit right on my medela breast shield base with no issues .
 This is the third set of breastshields that I have bought . The others have all been too big . I was worried that since I ordered them online that it would take forever to get here and I was currently breastfeeding and pumping at work . However these came in so fast and they were perfect . They came packaged and brand new . Great product ! I only use Medela for all of my breastfeeding needs .
 My wife says they work so really not much more to explain . They are more comfortable according to my wife than the ones that came with the mechanical unit .
 well even the 21mm is still larger than expected , but its better than the 24mm . durable and works like it should .
 I have very small nipples but was always able to make the Medium breastshields work , until my daughter hit 9 months and my breasts themselves shrunk down to my prepregnancy size and I was having a very difficult time keeping the suction . These breast shields work really well , but I wish they came in an even smaller size . I was a little worried that the stem would be too short because my nipples are very long and I 've had issues with them being pulled all the way to the back of the shield so that the connector blocks the milk flow , but did not have an issue with these . I wish the shipping was a little faster . I ordered them on a Friday and really needed them for work the next week but did not get them until the Saturday after . It would be great if stores would carry these small sizes instead of only the larger ones . I was very frustrated that I could not get them the day I needed them and felt that my supply was affected by inefficient pumping sessions while I waited . I really wish I would have ordered them much sooner .
 I became discouraged when I could n't find the small shields at any store locally . Purchasing online was so much easier than driving or calling all of the stores looking for these .
 I was so frustrated because I had problems pumping . I finally did some research and bought these . Guess who is less frustrated now ? I 'm so happy I can successfully pump again . If you have any issues pumping , start asking questions . The breastshield has to fit properly to do its job .
 my wife loves it . Ordered it ... and arrive in a nice packaging , without any delays.Had 2 pieces inside , which helps so that we can wash one and let it dry while using the other .
 My wife has inverted nipples and had 24 mm shields for our newborn child and they did not work very well we switched to a smaller shield -LRB- 20MM -RRB- and had great success with breastfeeding the baby both mom and baby were happy with my purchase
 Had trouble finding the small breast shields on line . Thank goodness for Amazon . Product was as described , but arrived right at the end of the shipping window . This caused me a delay in my ability to pump , since the medium were too big . Would have given 5 stars if arrived earlier in the delivery window .
 Best thing is that nipples do n't get sore anymore , like when I was using the standard size . Getting the proper size breast shield matters and make a difference .
 -LRB- under my wife 's direction -RRB- Having the right fitting breast shield makes a huge difference during pumping sessions . These worked like a charm with my hands-free unit .
 The seller is great , very fast shipping and great communication . The shields are what they are supposed to be , but I wish they made even smaller sizes , as even this small one irritated my nipples a little bit due to friction .
 This size is perfect it makes it much more comfortable for me to pump now .
 My wife has n't actually used this product . We thought she needed this size for her breast pump , but it turns out the documentation we had was incorrect -LRB- in the picture -RRB- and she needed the larger size . Therefore , I do n't know how to rate this exact product , but she does like her Medela breast pump overall .
 After using the standard shields that came with my Freestyle pump , I saw the pictures in the manual that I needed a smaller size . And yes , size definitely makes the difference . The standard ones hurt while I pumped and now the smaller ones are more comfortable and I 'm able to pump much more milk than before .
 Works better than the 24mm shields that come with the pump , but still have some leaking when I pump . Maybe I need an even small shield , but do n't think they exist .
 This product shipped in the origional packaging . I am satisfied with it . The 24mm which came with my pump was too large . I seem to be getting better results with the smaller shield . The shipping was extremely fast . I received it within 3 days .
 I was so happy that there were smaller size breastshields out there . I am on the smaller end -LRB- A cup before pregnancy -RRB- , and the pictures in the Medela instruction booklet seemed to indicate that the included medium breastshields with my pump were too big for me . I was getting decent output , but thought it was worth the 12 bucks to try a smaller breastshield for comfort . Have used these smaller shields ever since I received them . They are very comfortable and I 've had no problem with output either . No problem with fit with the connectors that came with my PISA . Just ordered another set as a spare . Concur with an earlier review that the shipping is n't lightning fast , but it does arrive within the time window promised . Put in the order soon if you are in a time crunch with pumping - it 's worth a shot .
 This does it 's job . I thought I would need this smaller size while I was still pregnant , which is why I ordered them . But once I had my baby and my milk came in , it turns out the normal 24mm size fit better . Do n't forget you need to buy connectors if you get this .
 Medela is the best ! I received a quality product which is exactly what I expected . It arrived faster than I expected too !
 I bought these as extra/spare parts for my Medela pump . These are exactly like the originals that came with my pump , arrived in a timely fashion - no complaints here .
 med were to big , this was the perect size , no air went through and pump worked perfectly with the small shields . no local baby store carried this size , not even babies r us
 They fit my wife much better than the ones that come with the pump , which means they are much more efficient , and more comfortable . She used them multiple times a day for our first child , and will be using them again for the one that 's on the way . They clean up easily as well .
 After using too large of shields these fit perfectly . I received them quickly and love having the smaller size . I would recommend these to anyone who is n't getting a good fit with the standard size .
 Works as expected . Helped improve comfort and output with pumping . Would recommend to others , although I am not sure if they are still making this size .
 Shipped fast and was just what we needed . A getting a good fit is a must for comfort and production .
 They did n't seem to sell this size at any local stores , so I ordered it online for my wife . This made pumping more comfortable for her since it fit better . She is happy with them . Not a whole lot else to say ... we probably just needed one not 2 , but I guess there is an extra in case one ever gets lost or damaged somehow .
 Lactation consultant in the hospital said she 's never met anyone who did n't just need the 24 mm , so that 's what I used the first 3 months and it HURT . About to give up , I read the sizing chart on the Medela website and discovered that I should be using these . Wish I 'd figured it out sooner - these are SO MUCH NICER for me . They just fit better , and it does n't hurt to pump anymore .
 Fit matters for comfort and efficiency . The standard 24mm that comes with the pumps was too large for me . I figured I would try the smaller size despite the fact that they were hard shell as opposed to the soft-fit that comes with the Freestyle pump . I was shocked at how much more comfortable pumping sessions were with the smaller size . The efficiency increase was another surprise . I recommend figuring out what size you need and getting that , not defaulting to what comes with the pump .
 I have large breasts and a prominent protruding nipple . You 'd think that large breasts mean large shields.Nope - in my case quite the opposite . The small is the right size for me . I discovered this after reading lots of medela literature to find out why pumping was so uncomfortable.If you looked at the illustrations and are thinking `` Well , my areola is being pulled in a lot and they say that means I need a small size - but I have large breasts , how is that possible ? '' - well , it is possible . The size of these has a lot more to do with the shape of your breasts an nipples - and it 's not the case that large = large.Size 21 is much better for me than size 24 . I get a lot more when I pump and it feels much more comfortable.And I 'm wearing an F/G cup bra . So if the guidelines suggest you go smaller - do it . Do n't be confused ! I 'm not saying that big breasts actually does mean small shields - just that it CAN mean that . It seems like the shape around the nipple is really what 's at play here .
 I was using the mediums , which seem to be the standard size . I could n't seem to effectively pump enough milk until I decided to try the small size . What a difference !
 I was under the impression that these would somehow fit into the horns that came with my medlea pump ... no such luck ! Just be sure to order the connectors -LRB- and vale/membrane -RRB- . Wish they made smaller , but I guess I just have tiny nipples !
 This company does not make a smaller size shield . The 21mm is still too big for me . I called Medela and they said there is nothing else available to adapt for a smaller size .
 I bought the Medela hand pump which came with the 24mm Breast shield . That one was too big and kept leaking milk out of the bottom . The 21 mm is perfectly fine . I was nervous since it was not the comfort shield . but it is totally fine and I barely noticed a difference in comfort . Very easy to clean and comfortable on the breast .
 So this might be a long story so I hope it helps other women . My daughter is 2 months old she only gets breast milk so I feel like 7 eleven open 24/7 . Ha . I started pumping so I can give her bottles at night that way I can pump at night and she can sleep in her crib.I had a great pregnancy but a horrible labor and delivery experience so I was praying to god I would be able to breast feed my baby girl give her the liquid gold :-RRB- everything went well till 2 weeks she hit her growth spurt she was so hungry and feeding hour my nipples felt like they were going to fall off . I was ready to quit.I started pumping and even though I have very large breast and areola I figured the standard medium would be fine boy was I wrong ! It burned so bad and turned purple so I tried large even worse !! So based off the medela charts -LRB- are not helpful -RRB- it said the small would not work for me.So I ordered them any way got them in the mail put em on pumped and bam next thing you know ! I had 2 oz free of pain I had to make sure it was still attached.If you have large breast and large aerolas does n't mean you need a l or xl the diameter is based off the nipple the tip to base you do n't want your areola being sucked in.I hope this helps !
 I do n't know about these , since I bought them for my wife who was trying larger and smaller shields while breast feeding . They arrived as described .
 Without going too much into why i had to pump in the first few weeks after my daughter was born , i was using the Medela severla times a day , but i found especially on one side -LRB- for some reason ! -RRB- that most of my nipple and areola was being sucked into the pump , making the whole thing swell and enlarge painfully , and it looked ... gross and obscene quite honestly ! I was convinced i was doing damage to my nipples so i did some online research and found i could get these smaller shields for my pump . They are shorter as well as slightly -LRB- only very slightly -RRB- smaller in diameter , but they seem to do the trick - now not so much of my breast gets pulled into the pump , which is great.What i would say is , breast size has NOTHING to do with it . Its the size of your nipples and areolathat are cruical . I have pretty big bosoms :-RRB- -LRB- size DD -RRB- but relatively small nipples .
 I have 2 children and only pump a bottle for special occasions but since ordering this size I pump more often . Having the correct size makes pumping more comfortable .
 I 'm so glad I switched sizes . The size that came with my pump was too big , this size helped with the soreness and quantity of milk expressed .
 I have very small size boobs . the regular breastshields that came with the pump are way too big . i asked a lactation consultant and she was pretty sure that i should buy a bigger size . I did and what a mistake and what a waste of money.So glad that i found this 21mm on amazon . i could not find them in local stores at all.for a pumping mom who struggled so badly with the pump and was so desparate with the low production and sore nipples , this product is absolutely a life saver !!!!
 Functions perfectly with the medela free style pump . Excellent product that met all expectations . Easy to use , easy to clean .
 They fit on my medela pump . I really ca n't say that I see much of a difference in size between the small and the medium that come with the pump . My favorite thing about ordering this is I now have spares for when the other is being sterilized or washed .
 I love reading Amazon reviews when I go to purchase something , and for this product , the reviews really helped me out . Like others , this is just what I needed . I had been using the 24 mm that come with the pump -LRB- I have the freestyle -RRB- and suddenly , I started experiencing pain and even bleeding . Upon further investigation , I realized too much of my skin was being sucked into the shield causing a lot of irritation and pain -RRB- . I ordered these and I feel SO much better . No more pain , and my milk is back to the production levels it had been . If you are experiencing pain while pumping , I suggest going to the Medela website and looking at their diagrams for good/bad fits for pumping . This smaller size has been a lifesaver for me !
 The Medela 21mm breastshields fit so much better than the medium -LRB- 24 mm -RRB- ones . My pumping has gotten much more productive . I was happy to find them on Amazon because it 's tough to find them in BRU or any other store . They just do n't stock them !
 These did n't work for me , but they are cheap enough that it was worth a try to find a better fit . I stuck with the standard size .
 really glad i found this on amazon , i could n't find this size anywhere . all medela breast pumps come with `` MEDIUM '' as standard and they seem HUGE !!! i work at a babies ` r ` us and we sell everything medela . . except this one size ? and medela 's website does n't help at all . it claims you can find it at certain places but if you call the local places none of them had them . anyways product does its job .
 Pumping with this size breastshield is so much more comfy than using the 24mm that come with the Medela pumps . I have large nursing boobs -LRB- size 36 DDD -RRB- and I followed the reviews I had read online that the larger breastshields were more comfortable for women with larger breasts . However , the 27mm shields ended up making my nipples very sore and they felt like they pinched when I pumped . I actually started to bleed , but was so novice at the time , I had no idea that pumping could actually be comfortable . Now that I have the small size , I enjoy pumping almost as much as nursing my 5 week old baby .
 Go for it !!! When I bought my Medela PIS advanced it came with the medium size breast shield . Using that size caused a ring around my breast and soreness . Pumping was very painful and milk would leak out of the sides of the shield.So I took a chance and went down a size to the 21 mm shield . It was an great investment ! I get more milk now and it does n't hurt at all . A lactation consultant over the phone told me most women need to go up a size and I probably needed to get the large size too . She was way wrong . The smaller size fits better.If you are n't fitting correctly then try this size .
 After trying the medium , large , extra large it seems the small flanges fit and I can get the same amount of milk out in 5 minutes that it used to take me 30 minutes with the larger flanged . No pain because there 's less friction .
 I think it is definitely worth getting the proper size shield if you use the pump often . For the first 6 months I settled for the medium size , but once I started work and started pumping consistently , I was glad to have a more comfortable fit . Like many people said , I wish there was even a smaller size , but this is still an improvement .
 I wish that I had these smaller shields sooner . I had already been pumping for several months when I purchased these . My lactation consultant had told me to try larger shields , what a mistake . Had I had these sooner , I probably could have kept my supply up better . I only wish Medela made a size smaller than this . -LRB- I gave it 5 stars for fun because it is listed as a toy , but really just 5 stars overall -RRB- .
 I bought the Medela pump and on the first day of use felt pain and discomfort while pumping . I thought I am using the wrong size breastshield and I ordered these the same day . It took almost one week for the product to arrive and by then I kept feeling better everyday with the 24 mm shields . I didnt notice an increase in supply or improved comfort with these 21 mm shields . I just needed to get used to the pump . Do wait for atleast a week to see if the shield size is the problem .
 I love these breast shields . I started getting swollen arolas from the one that came with my pump , and it started hurting really bad . Then I went to a lactation consultant and she told me to get this . It helped a ton . Fast shipping also .
 Product is as described and works perfect for my wifes medela breast pump . Ordered these because it was so much cheaper on Amazon then it was in the stores .
 I received the items i ordered in original packaging in a timely manner . There were not any problems with the breastshields . I may order more and if so i will order for anb baby .
 buying the right size made all the difference ! i am able to pump in comfort and get more milk after purchasing the correct size .
 Not really much to say . They are actual Medela parts and worked find with my PISA . Unfortunately , they ended up being too small for me , so I did n't use them for long .
 Medela Personal fit shields , product was difficult to try and determine size that woudl be most comfortable when pumping , smaller size made more sense when pumping was not so nice . Would recommend using soft shiled instead of these only because the soft shields massage the nipple when pumping rather than chaffe the nipple like these do .
 MyMedela Freestyle Breast Pumpcame with the soft fit and it leaks horribly when you go to remove it.I bought these just as a spare and have found these fit better , leak less and are less painful ! Now I only use these .
 My local Babies-R-Us and Target stores did not carry size small . This is great for smaller ladies , since the Medela pumps come with size Medium .
 This item was exactly what I was looking for . It has provided much more comfort then the other breast shields that I had . Thank you !
 Thanks Amazon . There were no smalls availble in my town at all , so I was relieved to find them here . They arrived quickly and were quite competitive with other prices .
 I bought this stroller for $ 129.00 and receieved it today . It was pretty easy to put together . This is my 4th stroller in 14 months -LRB- yes I am very picky -RRB- and this one by far is the best ! I have owned a Britax Forerunner stroller , Fisher-Price Infant to Toddler stroller and an Inglesina Espresso Stroller and now a Chicco Cortina!Pros : Large Storage BasketChild trayParent TrayEasy to open and close/foldWindow that you can actually see your child through!Well - made and designedSmooth rideBig but not too wide or bulkyComfortable/padded seatStands by itself when in folded positionAnd many extra little featuresCons : HeavyNot very compactManual does not state how to use the multi-position canopy to were is moves completely forward as pictured and stated on boxGreat buy , the very best by far !!!
 I did tons of research on strollers before buying . Cosmetically , the colors are great , especially if you have a concerned dad who wo n't push a stroller that 's too `` girly '' . I love the lightweight build and the fact that it folds UP into your hands instead of having to lean over and pick it up . The back adjustment is a breeze . . the easiest I 've ever seen . Also , the wheels in the back are far enough apart so that you do n't kick the wheels . The basket is roomy and angled so that you can easily fit a large diaper bag , even when the back is fully reclined . The car seat is SO easy to remove from the base . . This is well worth the money . . Chicco makes a great stroller . We 've just also bought the C series lightweight Chicco . Also a terrific buy .
 This is a great solid stroller . It turns GREAT ! It is well made and feels solid on the bumpiest of turf . The only con is that our children were both very tall and solid kids and the seat folds in on the side edges making it a bit snug for them . Otherwise , it is the best stroller purchase I have made -LRB- this is my 4th stroller -RRB- .
 I was very sceptical from all the negative reviews . So I decided to try one out myself for my little one . Not only is this product great but it really has no room for those complaints ... I dont hear any loud or obnoxious beeps unless I leave the pet detector and than it detects any movement like its suppost to do . So no harm done . I turn that part off and it works so well I can hear my little one breath and even cooing to himself . It is quiet and to be honest I would not have traded it in for any other product . I have had no problems and would recommend this item to anyone who is interested in any kind of monitor .
 I `` upgraded '' from the regular 900MHz Whisper Connect monitor to this 900Mhz Pet Detection one because I have found Evenflo Whisper Connect Monitors to be super clear with no static . I want to point out that almost all monitors -LRB- including Fisher Price , Safety First , etc -RRB- have 2 channels - because that is ALL you need . My husband works in the electronics industry so we know there are so many radio waves that the chances of 2 monitors being on the same waves and interfering with each other is slim to none . I do n't want to discourage other moms from trying the Sony models with more channels but think about which you would rather have
 i have baught a few monitors one is the fisher price one with the light show , i loved it . . my son loved it too ... it woke us up in the middle of the night beeping a few times which kinda botherd me but it was getting old so time to get a new one . well i found this one with the pet detection and thought it was a great idea . not everything is going to be compleatly perfect , i guess i dont get frustraited with electronics very easy , its a good monitor and i would recomend buying this product seeing for yourself ... and if you dont like it take it back . everyone is differnt soo maybe it will work out just fine for you as it has for me .
 I was pretty doubtful about the Pet Detection since I am extremely careful not to let the dog upstaires where the nursery is , but I was surprised at what else it `` detects '' ! I have a 4 yr old who is very curious about his new baby sister and often wants to play with her even though I try to explain that babies ca n't play . It 's cute because sometime he just stares at her in awe but I get worried that he might sneak into the baby 's room and try to `` play '' with her when I 'm not watching . Since I got this monitor , twice the pet detection alarm and light went off . I ran to the nursery and saw my son climbing onto the crib wanting to get a better peek at his sister ! It was innocent enough but who knows what could have happened if he tried to pick her up or hurt her unintentionally . This Pet Detection alone was worth the money but it 's got other handy and easy to use functions too . It reminds me of my regular phone because of the rechargeable batteries and parent unit finder -LRB- push a button and the parent unit beeps until you find it -RRB- . It has other functions too like lights that flash to tell you if the baby is crying and low battery indicator , although I have n't had to use it since I leave it plugged in most of the time . If you are a worry wart about pets and siblings and want total peace of mind , then this monitor is for you .
 I 've nver heard of a Pet Detection monitor so since I have a cat I was curious enough to try this . Here 's how it works
 I got this Evenflo monitor as a gift and thought about returning it , but I 'm so glad I did n't ! This `` eye '' on the transmitter -LRB- the one you put near the baby -RRB- picks up any movements that happen within a particular area and it sets off an alarm & the light starts flashing on the receiver -LRB- the one the adult keeps near them -RRB- so you know to check on the baby . This feature alone is better than the Sony -LRB- trust me their monitor is not as good as their electronics -RRB- or the First Years 2.4 ghz monitors -LRB- this 900MHz is crystal clear -RRB- that really have no other useful features but cost just as much or more . Even if you do n't have a pet like I do , this monitor is worth a try .
 I have had no problems with this monitor , despite a houseful of a myriad of electronics and cordless devices . I 've taken it outside for brief periods without problems . I have never used another baby monitor , but I seem to always be impressed with the sound quality ; it seems to pick up every little whimper and sigh . It has provided me with a sense of comfort , which this first-time mother appreciates greatly !
 I have never written a review before , but after reading all the bad reviews this monitor has gotton , I had to write one.First , the sound is crystal clear , I can hear my baby breathing at night , and her monitor is across the room.Second , yes my monitor may beep in the middle of the night , but it 's NOT the parent unit finder ... it 's the motion detector . That 's why I bought this monitor . It picks up if one of the animals goes into the babies room . It will also pick up baby movement once the baby starts moving more , but you CAN turn the motion detector off.This monitor does EXACTLY what it is suppose to do ! I love it !
 After seeing all the bad reviews , I too wanted to tell you of my good experience . I LOVE this monitor ! It is whisper quiet ... I can hear the baby breathe . I leave it on 24-7 and have never had a problem . No fuzz or static , no beeps , nothing . I do n't use the pet detection . I had another monitor and hated the static it produced . This is SO quiet.And no ... I have n't just started using it ! I 've had it for 6 months and still no problems ! Love it ! : -RRB-
 We have yet to use the pet detector feature-decided to hold off from bringing the cat into the house with the baby , but the rest of the system works well . The reception is very clear-can hear the baby breathing and moving around . Have had no problems with range , although the farthest we 've had the units apart was 100 feet . The monitor does beep sometimes-we thought because the unit was running out of batteries when unplugged-but has not been annoying .
 I almost did n't buy this because of the bad reviews ... I 'm so happy I did anyway ! I 'm not sure what the bad reviews are about but we have n't had any of the problems ! Actually the monitor is so clear and quiet I 've had to check it a few times to make sure it was working ... it always was . We have a 2100sq ft home and it works thoughout . It is so nice to have the piece of mind ... I know cats taking the breath away from babies is a big myth but it 's still nice to keep them out of the crib . : -RRB- We put the unit on the floor of the nursery so we know when the cat goes in the nursery - before she even gets inside the crib .
 My husband and I originally wanted a video monitor , but decided to go with this monitor since our son 's room was only next door . This monitor is perfect . We hear EVERYTHING , from his breathing to the kids outside playing . I love this monitor . I 'm giving it 4stars because the alarms goes off on it 's own sometimes . My son is 61/2 months and it 's gone off only about 3-4 times , but it was very annoying when it did ... especially in the middle of the night . Otherwise , it 's perfect and I 'm glad we registered for it .
 avest ye mate , these pencils topper be well taken by me crew of land lubbers . I placed this atop me pen to keep other pirate from stealing me pens at work and arrrrrrggggg so far it seems to be worken . !!!
 This item was exactly as described . The order was processed promptly and arrived sooner than expected .
 Excellent product ! Keeps my son of 15 months , who is somewhat active and very curios , away from passing through the hallway and getting to explore more that what he needs too for now . His mom and I are very happy that the security gate is so sturdy and strong enough to keep him on one side and gives us a peace of mind if he gets away and goes were the gate is because we know he ca n't get through . The gate is still strong even after adding the extension . t does not lose its integrity and gets the job done .
 I was looking for a new stroller to replace my citisport stroller and the Savona TS has it all and much much more . It 's nice having everything that a bigger stroller offers but having it be lightweight and easy to use for those quick trips to the mall or park or to take with you on vacation . With three kids almost everything has to be quick , easy and ready for anything . And sometimes that means that my 10 month old might have to take his nap in the stroller :-RRB- . My husband loves it too . It 's just right for our family !
 I had bought the Savvy Soho by Combi and loved it , but my son looked very squashed in it . I ordered this stroller and have been very , very happy with it . It is light and folds very compact . It is very easy to steer , and rides very smoothly.there is also a large basket thats holds plenty of items . I highly reccomend this stroller !
 I love this stroller so much . We have owned three over the course of the years . It is SUPER lightweight . I can easily fling it on and out of my trunk . Love the cup/feeding bar for the baby . The basket is decent . Wish they still made this model !
 This stroller works great with the Combi Tyro infant seat . The infant seat locks into the stroller and is very safe and sturdy . The stroller rolls smoothly and looks great!We love it .
 I chose the sleigh bed over the cheaper , plastic version of the Arms Reach co-sleeper for several reasons , and am glad I did : - Very solid piece of furniture . Much more solid than the plastic one , which feels like it is going to topple over at any minute . Note that the actual box says `` made MOSTLY of solid wood , '' as opposed to the Amazon description which says `` made of solid wood , '' but it nonetheless feels very sturdy to me . Should last a long time . - Built-in height adjustors allowed me to adjust to fit our 30 '' bed height much more easily than the plastic version -LRB- which requires you to buy extra plastic pieces to snap into the bottom of the legs - very sketchy , I felt like this would make the co-sleeper even less stable -RRB- . The design is pretty good - there are four extendible pieces built into the four legs , and there is a metal bolt so you can choose at what level to snap in the legs . The bassinet feels just slightly less stable at the highest setting -LRB- and looks a bit strange aesthetically - like a giraffe or an AT-AT from Star Wars ! -RRB- , but it still seems pretty stable in the fully upright position -LRB- I just make sure to take more care when flipping it on its side , e.g. to adjust the height , as it seems like there is some chance the legs might snap if you 're not careful -RRB- A few small nits that prevent me from giving this item five stars : - The biggest issue for me is the quality & safety of the included accessories -LRB- mattress , fitted sheet , and bumper -RRB- . I agree with other reviewers -LRB- see reviews for the `` Espresso '' version of this item -RRB- that they are very cheap , and they are potentially also -LRB- depending on your own personal beliefs on eco-friendliness -RRB- unsafe . The mattress is thin -LRB- 2 '' -RRB- , and is made of 100 % polyurethane foam with a 100 % EVA covering . -LRB- EVA is supposed to be the `` safer '' choice vs. PVC outer layers , and the EVA theoretically should shield any toxic fumes from the polyurethane , but the inclusion of both components in a baby mattress still made me a little uneasy . I am not an eco nut , but personally would have preferred a 100 % cotton or wool fill , just in case . -RRB- The fitted sheet that goes over the mattress is 100 % cotton , but it is rough/scratchy/not soft at all . . and to boot the care instructions are a bit ridiculous -LRB- tag indicates you should machine wash `` lukewarm , '' no heat-air fluff only - totally impractical for a baby sheet ! -RRB- . The bumper does n't look particularly cheap to me , and face/exterior is happily 100 % cotton , however the fill is 100 % polyfill -LRB- which is pretty universally acknowledged as less breathable than cotton or wool , and therefore a potential safety concern -RRB- . As a result , I going to be shelling out additional cash to purchase softer/organic fitted sheets and a custom size organic mattress from Naturepedic . - Also on the subject of the bumpers
 This co-sleeper is extremely cute ! It arrived within 2 days of me placing the order for it . It was really easy to put together . I 'm 8 months pregnant and I did it by myself in about half an hour.I plan on breastfeeding and this keeps baby close enough to me without actually having to sleep in my bed . I love the fact that it converts to a little bench after the baby out grows it . It 's a little bit on the expensive side , but I think it 's well worth the price . I ca n't wait to use it for my little one !
 My 2 sons used the same Graco 6 speed open top swing -LRB- we have a different pattern than the pictured Windsor pattern -RRB- . I am expecting my 3rd son very soon , so I thought I might try one of these newer model swings i.e Graco Hug swing , Graco Silouette swing , Fisher Price Cradle swing , etc. . After careful research and actually looking over them all at Babies R Us and Target , I have come to the conclusion that my `` old '' swing is better . I like that it is higher off the ground , so I do n't have to bend over as far to put my baby in it . Like the newer models -LRB- that I suppose are advertised to be improved and better -RRB- , my older swing has the same recline position , legs fold for storage , snack tray , safety belt , some models have an overhead mobile , music option , and speed varieties . I happen to think the older models can be used for longer . The `` Papasan '' and `` Hug '' and `` Siloutte '' are like a round bucket so when your child is bigger they look as if they are way too big to be in it , but the traditional seats make your child look normal to be in it as they grow . I believe the weight limits are ll the same too in the 25-30 lbs range . I also found that the seat covers on the Graco open top are easy to remove and wash -LRB- as most Graco products -RRB- . Ca n't see spending $ 130 for a new swing when I am content with my old $ 80 swing , it has given me it 's worth .
 Love the open-top and the fully reclined seat - perfect for the new babies . It has many reclining positions which is great and the music is nice too and comes in 3 different volumes ! Also , I do n't think it is too big and we live in a nice big sized apartment ! My son is almost 2 months and loves it !
 My little one loved this swing from the time I put her in it . Granted , I can only leave her in it for about 10-20 minutes before she wants to be held , but at least it is a little break . Sometimes she is even lulled to sleep . My baby really loves the little white bears on the mobile . The music is fine , but sometimes I just let her listen to the swoosh-swoosh of the rocking - it is not loud and it seems to calm her . The whole Windsor collection is very attractive and will suit a boy or girl baby fine .
 I agree with previous reviewers that the older version of the swingomatic was better . It did n't have a mobile -LRB- I had to secure a soft stroller playbar across the top to give my daughter something to look at -RRB- so that is a nice addition . The main features are the same ... 6 speeds -LRB- we never used speed 1-2 ... speed 3 is soothing for a young baby and speed 4 is fast enough to keep her happy when she was awake those first months -RRB- , 15 songs in 3 volumes -LRB- it 's nice to cycle through so many songs so it does n't get too irritating -RRB- , and several timers . The one feature I can not live without that Graco took out of this model is continuous swinging without a time limit ! My daughter -LRB- 3 months -RRB- sleeps in her swing all night next to my bed and half of her naps too ! The old version swings continuously for 14 hrs a day sometimes and I do n't change batteries very often either . If your baby does n't crave continuous motion this is a great swing still ... well built and uncomplicated . The side-to-side swings look nice , but honestly most babies can live without it !
 My daughter loves being in her swing . . and usually falls asleep in it . . I can count on at least an hour or 2 of ` me ' time when shes sleeping in it . It goes with the rest of the Windsor products I have , but here are my complaints about the swing ... 1 . The motor is a bit noisy , but does not overbear the music .2 . In order to snap the tray down , I have to bend it a bit . . it does not align perfectly with the end it snaps onto .3 . I wish there was a locking option for when I put my daughter in the chair , so the swing would n't move when Im trying to put her in it .4 . I had the same problem with the mobile falling to the back , but if you move the arm forward enough , it does n't fall back , but it wont turn , because the bears hit the area where the motor is . I 'd rather it not turn than her not see it at all .5 . I can only find the tray toys online at the Graco website , but they give you no description .6 . You 're supposed to be able to fold it up , but I have n't figured it out yet . . looks like I 'll have to find the manual.I gave it 4 stars because it looks nice and it does do the job its supposed to do -LRB- entertain my daughter -RRB- which is the most important thing to me . .
 My daughter is 4 months old now and loves the swing . We use it everyday while I do chores around the house and still have n't had to replace the batteries . It goes for hours which is wonderful when she is tired and fights sleep . I just strap her in and she sleeps peacefully . I am so glad I received this item .
 We 've bought two of these swings and the babies do great in them . They learn to play , enjoy the music , and -LRB- thankfully -RRB- even get some sleep time . Easy to operate , clean , and move around . Highly recommended .
 This is a must have for every new mother ! The baby loves to sit and swing most of the morning . Sometimes , she even naps in the swing .
 Our daughter did n't like the swing for her first few months , but by two months she seemed to enjoy it more . The mobile did n't really turn very much as it should have according to the directions , but she never looked at it anyway . All in all , it worked well for us , and the print pattern was great for a girl .
 Our son enjoys his swing time . He ' s really very happy to swing but also to just sit and play in it . Ocasionally he falls asleep although I try to use the swing distinctly for playtime . He enjoyed sitting in it from day 1 as it gave him good angles to check out his surroundings and during his colicky days it helped to soothe himself . He seemed to be interested not bothered by its clincky noise . I gave it 4 stars because I did not particularly liked its fabric pattern and because , while the baby enjoys it for some 20 mins , it does not seem to be his favorite place to spend time in .
 With our first baby we had a travel swing . It worked fine but it didnt swing as fast as we would like since it had such a small motor and we had to bend down a lot to pick her up so close to the ground , which was harder the bigger she got.Now with our second we decided we would go for a full size swing , and decided on the Windsor . Its a beautiful pattern in sage green with toile . But as I looked at the toile pattern I realized it was boys at the fishing hole , so while it might look girly because of the toile dont shy away from it for a boy.My husband and I put it together in about 40 minutes ... pretty standard for a piece of baby equipment . We did struggle a bit with the fabric fitting but it did fit ... snuggly . And really you want things on baby products to fit snuggly.Ive had no problems with the mobile as other posters have said . I also know that unless you are missing parts when you put together baby items 99 % of the problems are user problems . Trust me , Ive had my share of `` why wont this work ?! '' and then realized `` Ooooh , it 's silly me ! '' . Beautiful swing , great movement for all ages of babies and a true necessity from the first day home . You will be able to use this swing for several babies . Dont hesitate , you and your baby will love it !
 We LOVE our swing ! It is not only very pretty but has 16 great songs with volume control , 6 speeds & best of all - PUTS THE BABY TO SLEEP , which is the object of the drill , right ? It was very easy to assemble & it quite sturdy as well.As for the other reviewer 's comments about ` loud ' clicking noises - there are noises but we have found that MOST swings make that sound & ours does not bother us or the baby at all . After all , there is a little motor working inside working away & doing its job . Also - we have not had any problems with batteries , etc. .
 We looked at all the available swings and decided on this one . It is beautiful , subtle green color with a cute teddy bear mobile . Our 41/2 month old son loves it . We put him in front of the television with his Baby Einstein videos and he will stay there for hours if we would let him . The only downside to this swing is that the mobile wo n't stay over the swing , it moves to the back of the swing . Great music and love the six speeds we can use !
 My baby boy is just past 4 months old . My husband and I have been using this awesome swing since our little guy came home from the hospital.In the beginning we must have attached the mobile wrong because it kept falling to the back . After looking at the mobile connection again my husband attached it correctly and it no longer falls to the back . Also , in the beginning we did not realize that the swing reclined as far back as it does . So for about two weeks we wadded up dish towels around our baby 's head to keep his head from falling forward . It was just by accident that I realized it reclined as far as it does . After that our baby 's neck and head were fine.We have used this swing for over four months now and have NEVER HAD A PROBLEM except for us assembling it incorrectly . Not to mention , until last week my son spent all of his sleep time in it . He would sleep 8-9 hours within two weeks of his birth swinging all night long . He also took his naps in it . He did n't like laying flat . He is now sleeping flat but , still swinging for his naps.We also got the Aquarium swing and are not impressed . Yes , we have two swings . The Graco one is our favorite . The Aquarium does n't swing fast enough , takes a lot of batteries that do n't last , and the motor already died once -LRB- called Fisher Price and they sent a new one within a week -RRB- . The Graco one swings faster , takes less batteries , the batteries last MUCH longer , and is just overall the better swing . The timer and 6 speeds are also a plus .
 I did n't give this 5 stars because when my daughter was a newborn she HAD to take her naps in her swing . Her head would always fall over & I had to put blankets between her & the swing to support her head . But she 's still in it & almost 9 months & loves it . I really like like when I have to change the batteries , I do n't have to hunt for a screw dirver , just grab a quarter from your pocket , pop it in the whole & bomb , your done .
 I have to say that this swing was a lifesaver for my colicky baby . She had the need to be swung rapidly since she was abt 6 weeks old , and now at 5 mos , she can still get it crankin ! It is pretty , quite comfy w / 2 sized head supports , and it reclines well . I found the music to be kind of tinny sounding , but we rarely used it . I also found that in 5 months of CONSTANT use , Ive only had to change the batteries once ! I only gave it 4 stars b/c we had some problems w / the mobile . Every time it swung , the mobile inched backwards until it was behind the swing . Not really useful if baby wants to look at it and it is behind them . I had to tape it so that it doesnt move . Other than that minor complaint , I love it . Ill be saving this one for the next baby !
 I LOVE this swing and so does my baby boy . He has been using it since the week he came home . He is 41/2 months old and still enjoys falling asleep in it . I agree with the other people who mentioned the mobile of bears fading into the background ... but my baby is n't as interested in the bears now that he is getting older , so I just took that part off . I like that the music keeps playing and that I can turn the volume down . It seems to keep us both happy :--RRB- . I highly recommend this product and very happy we bought it . If you are looking for a portable swing this would n't be a good option for you ; Although , my husband and I have carried it up and down the stairs several times -LRB- sans baby -RRB- and seem to do it with little difficulty -- just have to be creative in the way you carry it . Still running on same batteries !!!!!!
 Everything about this swing is wonderful . It 's just that my daughter does n't like to swing!I love the pattern , the seat is soft and cozy . The tray flips up and getting baby in and out is very easy . I love the recline feature - my daughter used it on her thrid day at home and her head was just fine . If she falls asleep in it , I can even adjust it to recline and she barely stirs.The little bears for the mobile are n't that wonderful , but my daughter likes to look at them anyway . I like that they can be pushed out of the way , too . A couple times I have taken off the bears and hung something brighter on the arm , and she likes that , too.I would buy this swing again !
 My son loves this swing ! It lulls him when almost nothing else will . It is a place he enjoys napping ... there seems to be something hypnotic in those bears ! I had to have this swing because I love the Windsor pattern and thought the swing was adorable ! With my daughter we had the Fisher Price swing that swings both side to side and front to back . My husband hated that swing , he loves this one ! The recline is perfect , the extra head roll is even better ! We were able to use it right off the bat . It does n't take up too much room , and after 12 weeks our original batteries are still going ! It does make a little noise , but that noise is very rhythmic and soothing . My son is not a fan of boxed baby music , so we simply do n't use that feature.The bears ... oh yes , they flip and flop all over the place and always ended up against the wall behind the swing ! My husband used a power screwdriver and put a screw in the bottom of the mobile arm . The mobile has functioned perfectly since ! My husband thinks Graco should send him a check for fixing it 's error ... lol.Overall this is another of our favorite baby pieces , beautiful and fuctional !
 Pretty swing . Variety of speeds is very nice option . Music could be better , and is inferior to music from other similar baby products . That said , still sufficient , and the number of melodies is very good . Would recommend , but have to say that baby seems to prefer Fisher Price Aquarium portable swing .
 My daughter is just now starting to like her swing . She is almost 3 months old . It is very easy to get her in and out ... very easy to adjust the straps for a friends much larger baby . I love that the seat reclines and sit straighter . If you want your baby reclined the most , you need to put the bar past the other options the seat back rests against the hangars , very sturdy swing ! Looks great in my living room . Light to carry to kitchen or front porch . Mobile does work with the motions of the swing rather than wind up . The only thing I do not like about this swing is the music option is often so quiet that the little boy I watch sometimes puts it on , and I dont know it till hes been gone for a while ... so that is waisting batteries . The sound of the motor actually gets less annoying , and more soothing . The reviewer who got rid of this at thier son 's fourth month , is probably a first time parent . My first daughter practically lived in her swing , while my second daughter hated being put in there at first . Now she is starting to accept it , and will sleep in hers for a while too . If your going to have a baby , while some dont care for thier swings ... the swing is a lifesaver for MOST parents in the early months !!!
 I do n't know what I would do without this swing . It puts Lucy to sleep when she is SO fussy . We use it for several hours every day . We have been using it since the day we came home from the hospital . I let her nap in it ! It is often the ONLY thing that will put her to sleep . And it entertains her when she is awake and I need a few minutes to brush my teeth or wash my face or eat.If you are expecting a baby you HAVE to have this swing ! I think the noise that it makes is soothing to her and she loves the music , so does her mommy : -RRB- The one thing I do n't like is the mobile because I do n't think it is interesting enough . We do n't have any trouble with the mobile falling to the back though . I taped baby faces to the tops of the poles for her to look at instead of the mobile because babies like faces . Now when she is awake , she likes to look at those!We bought rechargeable batteries , and when I am leaving the house for a few hours , I put them on the charger because I am terrified that the batteries will run out and we will have a fussy baby and no batteries for the swing . However , we use it several hours a day and the batteries have never run out!Overall , I do n't care that I do n't like the mobile because I COULD NOT LIVE WIHTOUT this swing ! It is the greatest !
 I love this swing and the pretty print ... perfect for a little girl ! I like all the features such as the different speeds , music and mobile . My daughter likes to look at the mobile while she swings . The motor does make noise while swinging . . but then again do n't they all ? I do n't think it 's too loud though . The only problem we 've encountered is when the swing was on & no matter which setting it was on , the mobile would end up swinging itself towards the back where the baby ca n't see it anymore , it took a while but after messing around with it for about the 20th time I figured out the problem , it was n't turned far enough to the front left side , I was always scared to turn it further thinking I would snap the arm , but once I finally did it it was fixed and has stayed put ever since . I think the only reason the arm ever moved was because one of my older kids would play with it and move it around . I think taking the arm off the swing and reattaching it -LRB- like just out of the box directions -RRB- would 've fixed it too . All in all I love the swing and would n't switch it for another . I would also recommend it to anyone with a baby girl because of the lovely print ... just do n't be afraid to adjust the mobile arm all the way to the left -LRB- almost touching the part that connects legs -RRB- if it gets whacked out of place !
 I love the swing . Both of my twins fit well in it from 2 weeks old . And the pattern looks nice in the living room . The only problem is that the mobile gradually swings to the back out of the babies view after about 1 minute . Other than that it was a good choice .
 We received this swing as a gift from a friend . It is a beautiful swing , easy to assemble , reasonably priced and has a wonderful variety of music and swing speeds that all babies can enjoy . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought this swing while pregnant with my daughter . She absolutely loves it . Shen even cried once when I took her out of it ! Definately worth the price .
 put together looks nice and seems to work great but no baby to test in it yet :-RRB- soon though !!
 My daughter loved this swing , and she began using it just after she came home from the hospital . The seat was well cushioned , and the music was very soothing . All things considered , it was relatively easy to put together . Unfortunately , we lost this swing to Hurricane Katrina , but I plan on buying our baby girl another one as soon as possible .
 We registered for this swing . It took about a month for our little girl to start using it , but now she sleeps in it no less than once a day . The six speeds make it very versatile . We put her in it when she gets tired and she is asleep within minutes . Very light to move around the first floor of the house . I wouldnt want to drag it up and down the stairs . The straps are very secure and the head supports are good too . The only drawback is that the mobile will slowly rotate to the back of the swing -LRB- meaning it wont stay put -RRB- at higher speeds . Truth is that it seems rather difficult for a newborn to look up at it at such an angle anyway . All in all we are very satisfied
 This is a well made , safe item . It is a wonderful helper for a new mother . Baby is content while mom can keep an eye on him or her , yet mom can have some rest , or get some house work done . Babies love it and it soothes them .
 This swing is so beautiful ! I fell in love with the pattern of its matching bassinet and purchased the bassinet immediately . I put the swing on my baby shower registry . A magnificent young woman , Dr. Sandra Scott , bought the swing for us and we were just elated . My husband put the swing together and it was even more beautiful than its pictures . The only problem with it is the mobile . There must have been a batch of these swings that were not designed properly . I see that one reviewer says that their child does see the mobile , but on ours the mobile does not sit forward enough for my son to ever see the bears on the mobile . I was quite disappointed and am wondering if I should take it back and request a whole different swing . If I do that it will ruin the coordinating combo ! I really do n't know what else to do . Maybe I should not worry about it because it does put my son to sleep and that is what we wanted it to do . Its just that when a product claims to have certain features you kind of want them . The pictures on the box and online show that the mobile extends where the baby can see it but in reality the child will never see it .
 I loved this swing when we put it together , however our son was 10 lbs . at birth and it seems to narrow for him . I ca n't imagine he will fit much longer . It 's not worth all the money . He does LOVE the bears and it does entertain him , then he falls fast asleep . The music is great and will play forever if you let it I also love that you can adjust the sound . If I did it all over I would have gotten a portable swing since it wold take up less space . There is no need for these large swings unless you are looking to take up space in your house . They shold make this in a portable size and a bit wider !
 I could n't find sheets for the mini co sleeper anywhere except on amazon . The sheets are great and fit perfectly . The are way safer than trying to put an ill-fitting sheet on the co-sleeper and/or not put a sheet on at all .
 Bought as asked for in registry - arrived within a few days . Recipient is very pleased ... no complaints.Would be nice if enclosed gift card was available .
 This mini crib worked great for us during the first 6-7 months of our baby , it is very portable , light weight , and safe . The fabric is resistant , the mini-matress is leak-proof and the crib comes with wheels to carry it around the house if needed .
 When I first saw this sheet , I was rather surprised by its design . Instead of the typical elastic that goes around a cradle sheet or at the corners of a crib sheet , the cosleeper sheet has specially tailored corners that conform perfectly to the shape of the cosleeper mattress . This makes for a super-tight fit - no fear of having the sheet come loose in the middle of the night and tangle up an infant . It does make putting the sheet on a little challenging , but I 've found that if I pick up one end of the cosleeper mattress -LRB- very easy to do as the mattress folds for storage , so I just pick up the end `` flap '' -RRB- and put the mattress all the way on that end , then put that side down and repeat on the other side , it makes the job very easy . I 've washed and dried the sheet several times -LRB- cold water wash , medium drier setting -RRB- with no shrinkage problems . I do n't have this color sheet , but the ones I do have -LRB- natural and fern -RRB- have held up well with no noticeable fading . The only real downside is the price of the sheet , but since one is already included with the cosleeper I only purchased one separately so I 'd always have a clean one handy . All in all , it 's worth the investment .
 I bought these sheets online since I could n't find any in the local Babies R ' Us store and did so with hesitation . But when I received them I could n't be happier with them . The best thing about these sheets , besides that they fit perfectly , is the velcro strips on the bottom of the sheets to insure they stay snug .
 A little pricey , and a bit on the thin side , but these sheets fit perfectly . I tried to get away with using some off brand ones and had issues with them bunching .
 This sheet is strong enough to protect the baby from scratching or any other danger related to sleeping on the bare mattress . However , it is also soft and gentle for a good baby sleep ! Excellent product .
 We ordered this to use with the co-sleeper . The color matches exactly the sleeper , we ordered the toffee , but its kind of a dull color , the green would have probably been nicer . The sheet fits snugly and is easy to get on and off and once washed it soft and not to chaffy for the baby . Overall a good product .
 Needed sheets for my cosleeper mattress . Beige color very nice , neutral . I think I need to order one more . A little pricey , but if you have the arms reach Co-sleeper seems like the only option .
 I washed the sheet and dried it too and it fits just perfectly in the co-sleeper . I do n't know why other reviewers had problems with it shrinking ...
 Strong , thick fabric but nice and soft to the touch . I bought this hoping it would fit the pad for my small Graco pack n'play . The sheet was about an inch too small in the width , in case you were wanting to use it for another brand bassinet too . I can make it fit with a little muscle work , giving testiment to the strong and durable seam work for the sheet . Very good quality stitching and fabric !
 It is just an extra sheet for the co-sleeper , the exact same one that comes with it.It fits nice and tight around the pad.It really helps to have this extra sheet , so when the baby has some serious spit up , you can have a clean one , and wash the other.I would advise getting a waterproof pad for under the sheet.The co-sleepers are pretty expensive , and if you keep them nice , you can sell them when you are done with them
 I purchased three sheets to go with our co-sleeper . So far , we have washed all of them a few times , and even accidentally dried one . The one that went through the drier continues to fit just fine . They take quite a while to air dry , so I might toss them in the drier occasionally at the end to soften and finish them off in the future.I really like that the sheets fit so tightly to the mattress . I have not had any difficulty getting them on and adjusted properly . I think three sets is perfect and hope they will last for a long time .
 This bassinet sheet is made to fit exactly for the Arm 's Reach co-sleeper . My husband & I tried a number of other crib sheets & none of them worked on the co-sleeper . I have two complaints about the sheet though - on the inside edge of the sheet , there is velcro that sticks to everything else that I wash in the load with it . The other complaint is the price & the fact that I could only find the sheet here on amazon to buy .
 Follow directions not to place in a dryer . Air dry only to avoid shrinkage . Wears very well after multiple washings .
 Great product that fits the co-sleeper mattress/pad perfectly . I loved the velcro on the sheet to ensure that it stayed in place on the mattress pad and to ensure that the pad stayed in place in the crib/co-sleeper . Highly recommend !
 I have seen some complaints that the sheets do not fit after being washed . I now have washed this sheet and the one that came with the co-sleeper a couple of times each , and the sheets still fit fine . There is no evidence of shrinking . I wash them in the machine with cold water and tumble dry on low.I also like the weight and quality of the sheets . They are fairly thick and they are soft . In addition they appear to be well stitched . I would recommend these sheets without reservation .
 Great sheet . I know that the label says not to put it in the dyer but I 've always dried it on high heat . I 've even washed it in hot water and thrown it in the dryer . There is just no way I would always remember to line dry it . It still fits my mini co-sleeper perfectly . I 've always found putting the sheet on to be quite easy . I like how this sheet fits the co-sleeper perfectly . You wo n't have to worry about it coming lose . It 's not super soft but I actually like that .
 I was worried these would n't be soft from the other reviews , but they were soft . I found having an extra sheet or two to be helpful with the cosleeper .
 It fits the mini co-sleeper . Its soft . It fits well . Its pretty much what you would expect . You need at least two sheets for a baby bed so you have to buy at least one extra .
 The sheet fits perfectly on our co-sleeper and the dark color matches the co sleeper . Exactly what I wanted , sheets are dark enough that they do n't show stains .
 I 'm glad I did n't listen to those reviewers that claim the sheet is scratchy or hard to wash.The sheet is sturdy which I appreciate when baby 's diaper leaks . Its true its not the softest sheet but it is fine and after using it for 3 months it does soften in the wash over time . It has Velcro strips along the sides that attach to the mattress so As for washing what has worked for me is simply
 Discovered my granddaughter had not been able to find these fitted sheets in here locality so I went to my Baby 's R Us and they were kind enough to order them for me . I received them very quickly and it was a very good thing because within a day or two I was on a plane to go see my brand new very first great grand child , Mykah Rose . Her mom was still in the hospital when I arrived so we were able to get the co-sleeper sheets to her house and set up before she brought the baby home . Out of habit , I washed them before using them and was very , very impressed with the quality .
 Maybe this will be better come warmer weather but the plush sheet set we got for the co sleeper is much nicer so we use that much more often . Nothing wrong with this and I imagine in the summer this will be used much more but compared to the plush it is just sort of &#34; bleh &#34;
 The sheet fit perfectly . Make sure you do not put it in the dryer or it may shrink . I believe it says that it 's dryer friendly , but do not take that chance .
 I got my arms reach mini cosleeper used . In great condition , but the sheet that came with it didnt match . And it wasnt safe . I couldnt let my baby sleep on it . I looked and looked to find the right sheet for the best price . With 2 toddlers and a newborn I have to try to save money where I can . And the sheet I found here was the cheapest all around once you add shipping to it to . It fits perfect on my mini arms reach cosleeper and the velcro holds it in place . Its nice and taught . Washes and drys with no problem . I love it !
 This sheet is a perfect fit for my Arms Reach Co-sleeper Mini . It washes great too . I was worried since the package did n't look like it was made by arms reach .
 Exactly what I was expecting . Nice color , quality , and fit . Works great ! Wash alone because Velcro will wreak havoc on anything it sticks to .
 Nice sheet . I hang it to dry and it dries quickly . Stains seem to come out better on this sheet than the one that came with the crib and I think it has a better feel to it .
 If you have the Arm 's reach , you will need at least one spare sheet so you do n't have to worry about getting the bed changed in the middle of the night after a leaky and/or blown out diaper ... My only complaint is that you must stick the velcro to itself when washing or it will stick to everything else !!!
 I cashed rewards points from work in exchange for this , so did n't buy this highchair , although I do believe Target carries it.So far we have no complaints about the chair , however our son is only 6 moths old and we have been using it for about 2 weeks . The assembly is easy to moderate and I like the fact that the seat cushion is not cloth , making it easy to clean up any spills . The chair has recline options , a nice sized dinner tray and a snack tray . I really like the basket underneth the chair , I use it to keep son 's toys in . Overall , a sturdy chair , that has alot of nice features to it . I will add on any updates as we go along .
 We ordered this to use with the co-sleeper . The color matches exactly the sleeper , we ordered the toffee , but its kind of a dull color , the green would have probably been nicer . The sheet fits snugly and is easy to get on and off and once washed it soft and not to chaffy for the baby . Overall a good product .
 Needed sheets for my cosleeper mattress . Beige color very nice , neutral . I think I need to order one more . A little pricey , but if you have the arms reach Co-sleeper seems like the only option .
 I washed the sheet and dried it too and it fits just perfectly in the co-sleeper . I do n't know why other reviewers had problems with it shrinking ...
 Strong , thick fabric but nice and soft to the touch . I bought this hoping it would fit the pad for my small Graco pack n'play . The sheet was about an inch too small in the width , in case you were wanting to use it for another brand bassinet too . I can make it fit with a little muscle work , giving testiment to the strong and durable seam work for the sheet . Very good quality stitching and fabric !
 It is just an extra sheet for the co-sleeper , the exact same one that comes with it.It fits nice and tight around the pad.It really helps to have this extra sheet , so when the baby has some serious spit up , you can have a clean one , and wash the other.I would advise getting a waterproof pad for under the sheet.The co-sleepers are pretty expensive , and if you keep them nice , you can sell them when you are done with them
 I purchased three sheets to go with our co-sleeper . So far , we have washed all of them a few times , and even accidentally dried one . The one that went through the drier continues to fit just fine . They take quite a while to air dry , so I might toss them in the drier occasionally at the end to soften and finish them off in the future.I really like that the sheets fit so tightly to the mattress . I have not had any difficulty getting them on and adjusted properly . I think three sets is perfect and hope they will last for a long time .
 This bassinet sheet is made to fit exactly for the Arm 's Reach co-sleeper . My husband & I tried a number of other crib sheets & none of them worked on the co-sleeper . I have two complaints about the sheet though - on the inside edge of the sheet , there is velcro that sticks to everything else that I wash in the load with it . The other complaint is the price & the fact that I could only find the sheet here on amazon to buy .
 Follow directions not to place in a dryer . Air dry only to avoid shrinkage . Wears very well after multiple washings .
 I could n't find sheets for the mini co sleeper anywhere except on amazon . The sheets are great and fit perfectly . The are way safer than trying to put an ill-fitting sheet on the co-sleeper and/or not put a sheet on at all .
 When I first saw this sheet , I was rather surprised by its design . Instead of the typical elastic that goes around a cradle sheet or at the corners of a crib sheet , the cosleeper sheet has specially tailored corners that conform perfectly to the shape of the cosleeper mattress . This makes for a super-tight fit - no fear of having the sheet come loose in the middle of the night and tangle up an infant . It does make putting the sheet on a little challenging , but I 've found that if I pick up one end of the cosleeper mattress -LRB- very easy to do as the mattress folds for storage , so I just pick up the end `` flap '' -RRB- and put the mattress all the way on that end , then put that side down and repeat on the other side , it makes the job very easy . I 've washed and dried the sheet several times -LRB- cold water wash , medium drier setting -RRB- with no shrinkage problems . I do n't have this color sheet , but the ones I do have -LRB- natural and fern -RRB- have held up well with no noticeable fading . The only real downside is the price of the sheet , but since one is already included with the cosleeper I only purchased one separately so I 'd always have a clean one handy . All in all , it 's worth the investment .
 I bought these sheets online since I could n't find any in the local Babies R ' Us store and did so with hesitation . But when I received them I could n't be happier with them . The best thing about these sheets , besides that they fit perfectly , is the velcro strips on the bottom of the sheets to insure they stay snug .
 A little pricey , and a bit on the thin side , but these sheets fit perfectly . I tried to get away with using some off brand ones and had issues with them bunching .
 Bought as asked for in registry - arrived within a few days . Recipient is very pleased ... no complaints.Would be nice if enclosed gift card was available .
 This mini crib worked great for us during the first 6-7 months of our baby , it is very portable , light weight , and safe . The fabric is resistant , the mini-matress is leak-proof and the crib comes with wheels to carry it around the house if needed .
 Discovered my granddaughter had not been able to find these fitted sheets in here locality so I went to my Baby 's R Us and they were kind enough to order them for me . I received them very quickly and it was a very good thing because within a day or two I was on a plane to go see my brand new very first great grand child , Mykah Rose . Her mom was still in the hospital when I arrived so we were able to get the co-sleeper sheets to her house and set up before she brought the baby home . Out of habit , I washed them before using them and was very , very impressed with the quality .
 Maybe this will be better come warmer weather but the plush sheet set we got for the co sleeper is much nicer so we use that much more often . Nothing wrong with this and I imagine in the summer this will be used much more but compared to the plush it is just sort of &#34; bleh &#34;
 The sheet fit perfectly . Make sure you do not put it in the dryer or it may shrink . I believe it says that it 's dryer friendly , but do not take that chance .
 I got my arms reach mini cosleeper used . In great condition , but the sheet that came with it didnt match . And it wasnt safe . I couldnt let my baby sleep on it . I looked and looked to find the right sheet for the best price . With 2 toddlers and a newborn I have to try to save money where I can . And the sheet I found here was the cheapest all around once you add shipping to it to . It fits perfect on my mini arms reach cosleeper and the velcro holds it in place . Its nice and taught . Washes and drys with no problem . I love it !
 This sheet is a perfect fit for my Arms Reach Co-sleeper Mini . It washes great too . I was worried since the package did n't look like it was made by arms reach .
 Exactly what I was expecting . Nice color , quality , and fit . Works great ! Wash alone because Velcro will wreak havoc on anything it sticks to .
 Nice sheet . I hang it to dry and it dries quickly . Stains seem to come out better on this sheet than the one that came with the crib and I think it has a better feel to it .
 If you have the Arm 's reach , you will need at least one spare sheet so you do n't have to worry about getting the bed changed in the middle of the night after a leaky and/or blown out diaper ... My only complaint is that you must stick the velcro to itself when washing or it will stick to everything else !!!
 This sheet is strong enough to protect the baby from scratching or any other danger related to sleeping on the bare mattress . However , it is also soft and gentle for a good baby sleep ! Excellent product .
 Great product that fits the co-sleeper mattress/pad perfectly . I loved the velcro on the sheet to ensure that it stayed in place on the mattress pad and to ensure that the pad stayed in place in the crib/co-sleeper . Highly recommend !
 I have seen some complaints that the sheets do not fit after being washed . I now have washed this sheet and the one that came with the co-sleeper a couple of times each , and the sheets still fit fine . There is no evidence of shrinking . I wash them in the machine with cold water and tumble dry on low.I also like the weight and quality of the sheets . They are fairly thick and they are soft . In addition they appear to be well stitched . I would recommend these sheets without reservation .
 Great sheet . I know that the label says not to put it in the dyer but I 've always dried it on high heat . I 've even washed it in hot water and thrown it in the dryer . There is just no way I would always remember to line dry it . It still fits my mini co-sleeper perfectly . I 've always found putting the sheet on to be quite easy . I like how this sheet fits the co-sleeper perfectly . You wo n't have to worry about it coming lose . It 's not super soft but I actually like that .
 I was worried these would n't be soft from the other reviews , but they were soft . I found having an extra sheet or two to be helpful with the cosleeper .
 The sheet fits perfectly on our co-sleeper and the dark color matches the co sleeper . Exactly what I wanted , sheets are dark enough that they do n't show stains .
 I 'm glad I did n't listen to those reviewers that claim the sheet is scratchy or hard to wash.The sheet is sturdy which I appreciate when baby 's diaper leaks . Its true its not the softest sheet but it is fine and after using it for 3 months it does soften in the wash over time . It has Velcro strips along the sides that attach to the mattress so As for washing what has worked for me is simply
 I decided to write a review since there was only one here to balance things out . I got this swing for my daughter when she was about 2 months old . I decided on this one because I figured we could use it longer . It worked fine . She is now 4 months and it still works fine . I mean , its not the best swing out there , but its a 3-in-1 , which is why we bought it . It was n't as cushiony and some , so we bought a head support pillow and now its comfortable . It has just 2 speeds and does n't recline which is why I only gave it 4 stars . It still did its job though , which is to put my daughter to sleep!Update : I still think that this swing is doing its job ! I now use the rocker/infant seat to feed my daughter solids since I do not have a highchair yet , and it works out great ! She also sits in it to watch TV -LRB- Baby Eisten videos -RRB- sometimes or just to look at us -LRB- she hates lying down unless she is tired -RRB- . I definitely recommend getting this swing if you want a product that you can use for a long time !
 My husband and I bought this swing after the motor ran out on a hand-me-down swing and a brand new Graco clarion swing . The Graco swing was primarily made of plastic and had a bear mobile that was hardly interesting . I was hesitant when we first got the 3 in 1 swing because there were no sides really on the seat but because the swing has no backing and just material it kind of snuggles my son in . He has taken many a nap in the swing . I do wish there were more speeds but the fact that the swing comes off and works as an infant seat is great ! My 4 month old loves to watch baby einstein every morning in his seat . He also can sit by the dinner table and watch us eat or sit in the kitchen and watch me wash dishes . We are starting him off on solids in the seat too . It is also easy to clean and I know from experience because we 've had two accidents already . This swing is definitely more bang for your buck !
 I got this swing because of it being `` 3in1 '' . I absolutely love . I mainly use it as a swing but do occassionaly use it as just a chair . I will use it more as a chair when the holidays come around and we start visiting . The incline is perfect for a newborn on up . -LRB- Mine is 3 months and has used it since he came home from the hospital . -RRB- It 's very sturdy and the removed/interchangable toys are a nice feature.My son is now 6 months old and I am still in love with this swing . I use just the chair alot more now so I can bring him to different rooms and still talk to him and see him while I 'm cooking or making the bed , etc.The only thing I do n't like -LRB- but my husband does -RRB- is the volume of the music . To me even the low setting is too loud and annoys me but the baby -LRB- and husband -RRB- seem to love it .
 I love this swing . When looking for a swing I did not want to spend a ton of money on an item she would use for a few months . The first week or so my daughter did not like it . But she has been in it every day since . She is now four months old and still loves it . I love the idea that she will use it as a rocker when she is bigger . I would recommend this swing ot anyone .
 My husband and I purchased this swing for our son at the age of 3 months . I must say it has been a great help to us as we were able to easily cast an eye on our son while taking care of some domestic chores.Also on one or two occasions when we went out it helped provide our son with a comfortable seat in which to rest comfortably.Now our son is nine months old and can easily climb out of the chair . He does it so easily that the restraint installed in the middle can no longer hold him in place . We would like to suggest that for future swings a safety belt such as those found in vehicles be placed in it to provide support for the upper chest area , hopefully it will keep babies in place .
 We started using this swing when our son was one week old ... . not as a swing of course , but as a bassinet . The chair folds out into the prefect place for a baby to sleep soundly ... and you can even carry it from room to room without disturbing them . By month two we rocked him in the chair to calm him , and if he fell alseep we just opened the chair right up and left him go -LRB- no moving a sleeping baby -RRB- . And now at four months old he love to swing in his swing and listen to the various songs it plays . I even sit him the the seat for feedings . This product really does have multi uses , WE COULD N'T LIVE WITHOUT IT !!! Re-review
 Works great as a swing , however , for newborns , I would definitely suggest a snugli head rest because it comes with no support , once the child can sit up , you can remove it . Also , although it does recline as an infant seat and is more than adequate it does NOT vibrate so we had also a vibrating infant seat . Now my son is 1 and he sits in the rocker all the time and seems to enjoy having `` his chair '' whereas the vibrating infant seat has been in the attic for 4 months awaiting a yard sale .
 We registered for this , but also recieved a bouncy chair , so never used it as the infant seat.As a swing , my son did n't really like it until almost 7 months . For smaller infants , I think it does n't recline far enough . The seat holds a child almost sitting upright . Our son prefers the higher rocking level , but both are fine . We do n't use the music much , though there 's no problem with it . I tend to put him in this to watch his Baby Einstein videos , so the music is unnecessary.My son does n't use it as a rocker , yet , but my almost 3-year-old niece loves it and spent plenty of time sitting in it last time she visited . It 's a nice comfy chair and I look forward to my son using it up to that age at least.It 's great that it folds up , we put it away anytime he 's not in it , and I 've even been able to easily fold it up and take it outside to swing on the porch.I took off one star because it 's far too easy to stop the rocking when it 's in swing mode . Walking past it and bumping it , or the dog bumping it , or even the baby 's blanket sliding down until it drags on the floor causes the rocking to stop .
 This thing is so nice in every way however the only thing I do n't like about it is when you use the infant seat the piece that flips out to convert it into the seat does not lock in place and is easily pushed back in its original postion . Other than that this an awesome space saver and nice to have for the family with a small place .
 hope these work glad to have found this product not an easy task hope they last a long time and are durable
 I love these sheets because they are a thick and durable material . They fit on a standard pack-n-play too which is nice . Definitely worth the price .
 I havent use this sheet , my twins will be born next month . But the service was excellent , great price and arrived pretty soon .
 The sheet fits great . We are very happy with this purchase and with the co-sleeper . The sheet fits very tight , which is what we wanted . It washes well .
 The color is a close match . It is a good quality sheet . I would recommend to anyone who purchased the co-sleeper so you can change the sheet after spit ups
 we slept twins in this thing for 5 months ... it 's bigger and more stable than the graco pac n play ... if you need a crib but are in transition , this is a great product ...
 We love this full sized co-sleeper that can attach to your bed , stand alone as a bassinet , & later be a full sized pack n play . We use it as a co-sleeper & the pockets on the outside are great for all of our diapering needs .
 love having her so close !!!!!! allows for good interaction & easy reach for breast feeding
 While these are not Egyptian cotton or silk , they are fitted to the PRECISE measurements of the co-sleeper mattress and extremely easy to change . They fit snugly and securely to the mattress with velcro strips so you do not have to worry about your baby suffocating in loose silky sheets . ; - -RRB- They do n't shrink , bunch or fall off and that is more that what any other crib sheets I 've ever owned do , so I 'd say it gets two thimbs up from us !
 I ordered this as a spare for my original Co-Sleeper . There really are n't a ton of places you can buy these , so I was n't too concerned about the price . All told , Baby Bungalow did offer it for the best price , including shipping.While the sheet is a perfect fit , I was perplexed by the ` button ' holes on the under side of each corner . Ca n't imagine what those are for . That or my Co-Sleeper is on the older side and there have been design changes since.Overall , quality product .
 Definitely a must have once your child starts to enjoy throwing his food on the floor . The scene of Pooh and Piglet sharing watermelon is bright and cheery . Easy to clean .
 also , very easy to clean and of a good size .
 I am so at ease since I purchased this gate . After purchasing the cheap wooden ones and the safety first gate i was extremely dissappointed . My 12 month old daughter would rip it off the wall . This gate is excellent . It 's easy to install , and operate and it helps block our bulldog from roaming the house as well . Im going to purchase another one for my kitchen but i will need to order two extensions so that it fits the 44 '' door way . Worth the 49 bucks . However they charge way too much for the extension kit . 14.99 for 5 inches and you usually need 2 . but there is no $ tag on safety .
 We just purchased this gate and are very happy with it ! Our baby will not be arriving for two more months , but I am on modified bedrest and can no longer step over the gate we had been using . This one is very well built and easy to install , does not damage the walls at all , and is easy to use ! It costs significantly less than other pressure mounted gates and is the only one I have seen with a threshold to prevent tripping . Our main purpose for this gate right now is to keep the dogs out of the dinning room . My only gripe is that our cats have both attempted to squeeze through the bars and ended up stuck and needing help . This is probably no fault of the manufacturer . We are working to teach our lazy cats to jump over the gate . So , overall , a really great gate ! But be cautious if you have cats .
 We bought this gate to keep our toddler from going down the hallway . It has been a wonderful tool and I highly recommend it . The only thing that has happened is every once in a while the pressure mountings seem to get loose . However , it does n't take anything to tighten them up again . The gate has never budged as far as coming lose from the wall . We have been very , very pleased with this gate and it swings open and closed at least 200 times a day at our house !!
 I absolutely LOVE this gate ! I just ordered another one to go across the doorway to our master bathroom -LRB- where we keep the yucky cat litter ! -RRB- . Our first one of these is across our family room to keep our little one from going up the stairs . It works perfectly and you really can open it without hands ! This makes it awesome ! I can carry the baby and a bunch of stuff and open the gate without putting anything down!My 7 year old -LRB- 55 lbs -RRB- had no problem opening the gate . My 4 year old -LRB- 42 lbs -RRB- had to practice a little . He did n't get the fact that the pedal has to be pushed down the whole way before the gate will open . I think it was more of a coordination issue that a weight issue . It really only took him a few days to get it right . What 's really nice is that when the baby is napping or in another secured room , the gate can be left standing open - no hurdles!It 's true that the actual opening is not extremely wide , but you can easily lift things over -LRB- like laundry baskets -RRB- when carrying things through . And since the gate is so easy to install , if you would need to bring something really large through the doorway , it would only take a few seconds to take the gate down and then re-install . And just a reminder
 we had been looking for a upstairs child proof gate for a long time . this gate works perfectly . my 3 and half and 2 and a half year olds have not been able to conquer this gate . i rest easy knowing that this gate is sturdy and prevents my kids from trying to access the stairs . the installation was easy . the only issue i had was the little plastic wrench that was included . they should have a better wrench . just as a tip i used zip ties to hold the gate and provide that extra sturdiness and support which thus far has worked !
 Very good gate and easy to open with your foot stepping on it . It needs a lot of pressure to open , so it 's great that kids ca n't open it . I recommend this gate !
 Very solid construction , easy installation , works very well . We bought two different types and like this the best because of the foot mechanism .
 This gate has been amazing to deal with . Very easy to install / uninstall and very easy to operate . Not to mention it looks nice -LRB- for a gate , at least -RRB- . The plastic `` catcher '' at the top that helps hold the gate closed broke off fairly soon after I started using the gate but it 's not really needed as the bottom latch holds the gate closed just fine . Opening is a little small but you get used to that quickly . Stays in place very well , does n't leave marks on the walls and no complaints !
 I really like this gate , it was easy to install and it looks great . I highly recommend it but I also have metal door frames so I do n't know if this would dent the wood in a regular door frame . Though I think a small dent would be better than a screw hole ...
 This is the third gate we have purchased -- And the best at that . It is easy to install , and easy to add an extension , is sturdy , and simple as pie to open and close.I recommend this gate to anyone who thinks that there current gate has flaws . Because , this one has absolutely no flaws .
 This gate is AMAZING ! We purchased this gate to block off the kitchen when our Quadruplets began to crawl . They are now 13 months old and this thing is yanked on beat on kicked , you name it , this thing gets abused . Yet it still functions and stands the same as the day I bought it . &#60; br / &#62; I could NOT imagine life without this hands free feature . Its easy for me to open while holding a kid on each hip or carrying bottles out to the feeding area . &#60; br / &#62; Push it open with your knee , slam it closed with a push of your leg . Couldnt get any easier ! &#60; br / &#62; Another plus to this gate is it 's height . It is much taller than average gates and is constructed in a way where your little one -LRB- s -RRB- ca n't climb over it . &#60; br / &#62; We just purchased a new house and will need 4 more gates ... we will purchase 4 more of THIS gate for sure !
 My daughter started crawling this past week and I HAD to go out and get gates to keep her safe . I did a little research and thought this was a good gate to look into and get.I bought it -LRB- and the extension since our doorway is 37 '' -RRB- , came home and set my husband to work.It took less than 5 minutes to install and it works SO GREAT ! My 17 month old nephew came over and tried to get the gate open , but had no luck.For high traffic areas , the fact that it swings both ways is a great feature and it 's nice enough that I 'm not ashamed to have it up when company comes over.TOTALLY worth the money !!!!
 I do n't use it for baby 's , but it keeps my dog in my office perfectly .
 I was prepared for a long evening of trying to put the gate up properly and securely . While my husband made a microwave dinner -LRB- 8 minutes -RRB- I had the gate up already without any help . I love this gate so far . Especially because it can swing two ways . I only gave this gate four stars because we just got it yesterday . But so far so good . It does the job , extremely easy to install and without hardware in the door frame .
 This gate has performed admirably , and I feel it 's important to echo all the other positive reviews before going any further . We have had this installed in our main entrance area of our house , and it gets very heavy usage . It has held up incredibly well , but unfortunately the foot pedal -LRB- which is the only means to open the gate -RRB- is made of plastic , along w / the closures that take all of the force whenever you step down on it . One of the little plastic catches inside has snapped off , and now the pedal bows precariously outwards each time you step on it , and you have to step STRAIGHT down in order to open it . My assumption is that a replacement pedal can be purchased , but I have yet to investigate . I am , however , looking to purchase a couple more , as I have a bad hip and can not step over the non-swinging gates . It 's also nice that my nephew , who is in the 99th percentile for height , can not climb over this one -LRB- not true for the gates w / cross-hatching -RRB- . Thank you First Years !
 This gate has performed admirably , and I feel it 's important to echo all the other positive reviews before going any further . We have had this installed in our main entrance area of our house , and it gets very heavy usage . It has held up incredibly well , but unfortunately the foot pedal -LRB- which is the only means to open the gate -RRB- is made of plastic , along w / the closures that take all of the force whenever you step down on it . One of the little plastic catches inside has snapped off , and now the pedal bows precariously outwards each time you step on it , and you have to step STRAIGHT down in order to open it . My assumption is that a replacement pedal can be purchased , but I have yet to investigate . I am , however , looking to purchase a couple more , as I have a bad hip and can not step over the non-swinging gates . It 's also nice that my nephew , who is in the 99th percentile for height , can not climb over this one -LRB- not true for the gates w / cross-hatching -RRB- . Thank you First Years !
 I 'm very picky when it comes to the design of products -LRB- what can I say , I 'm an engineer ... -RRB- . So far I 'm very happy . I had no problems installing it , needed no extensions -LRB- for a bedroom door -RRB- , and for a pressure unit , it is very secure . On top of that it is hands free - obviously a benefit when both arms are full . Only minor complaint is that the lock pin , which takes all the force when your kid is trying to open the door , is plastic.I 'm only giving 4 stars because we have n't had it long enough to see if any of the parts broke that previous posters mentioned -LRB- pedal , hinge , lock pin , etc. -RRB- .
 This gate keeps kids and dogs in or kids and dogs out!I am only sorry I did n't get the gate sooner . Our daughter is 16 months old and we have n't had any issues with her being able to open it . You have to put quite a bit of pressure on the pedal to make it open . Because the gate is pressure mounted it wo n't ruin your walls and it is made out of sturdy metal not cheap plastic.Also , the door swings in or out so if a dog or a baby is in the way when you are trying to open the gate you can just swing the door in the other direction . I only wish the gate fit in larger spaces . This is by the far the best gate for the money . I highly recommend it . It is convenient , easy to use and easy to install .
 We just bought this gate for our 9 month old . It was very easy to put up and seems very sturdy . We are not using it at the top of stairs so I felt ok with it just being a pressure mounted gate . I do n't think I would feel too safe with it at the top of the stairs , but it seems to be a great gate for doorways .
 We really like this gate . It is easy to install , sturdy , and very convenient . It truthfully is a hands-free gate . The only drawback is it is n't really wide so we had to buy an additional extension .
 We were looking for a gate for an irregular sized `` corridor '' from our lounge to the stairs but needed it to be hands free and easy to operate . This gate was very easy to put together , did n't need the instructions at all . It opens both ways using the pedal and a nudge with your knee which is perfect for us . We have twins , so when you are carrying them both you need something easy to operate . We have nothing `` bad '' to report , even the click is n't that loud !! Merely reassuring .
 Plain and simple ; This is the BEST gate out of the many we 've had . As I write my 16 month is attempting to muscle an escape ; why not she has had complete success with the others . . Not this one . It is smartly made . I 'm ordering 2 more .
 I 've tried several baby gates -LRB- to keep dogs in , not babies -RRB- and this is by far the best one ever . It can be moved from one area to another as it does not require screws . It is so easy to step on pedal and open gate for hands free operation . I love it .
 Could n't be more simple in design and yet very effective in keeping your little one in or out of certain rooms . Foot pedal for opening really does make this `` hands free '' , which is essential when your hands are full of baby or dishes or laundry or whatever all the time . Highly recommend this gate !
 I use this to keep my dogs out of part of the house and it works great , the hands free option is wonderful .
 Our French Bull dog had a bad habit , he liked to sleep on our bed and get hair all over it , go into the bathroom and eat the toilet paper . On top of that he thought he ran the house . Since I installed this gate not only does it keep him out of our bedroom and bathroom , he now knows that he know longer runs the house . His area is now confined to the living room and kitchen where his food is and not the whole apartment . I love this gate because we now control him and not the other way around . The gate itself is very well constructed and easy to install . Best investment we ever made .
 I bought The First Years - Hands Free Gate after reading other reviews on Amazon . I was not disappointed . The gate installed easily on my stairs which were 34.5 '' wide which is actually a half inch longer than what is stated supported on the box . The top anchors made it over my bannister.I like the hands-free operation and the fact that I did n't have to drill any holes to mount it . The gate is very secure , even when my daughter tries to support herself with it . We will be buying another one for the top of our stairs .
 Even my three and a half year old nephew could n't figure it out without guidance . It keeps the kids where you want them !
 This is a nice and solid gate . Installation is a bit tricky but once you have it up , it 's not going anywhere . BE CAREFUL , the foot operation on this product makes it not practical for top or bottom of stairs , and it is really only wide enough for a doorway , not a hall way . I had to order the additional gate widner for this for where I wanted it .
 This is great buy . The only reason why it 's not a 5 stars is coz you have to buy the extension for it . I do n't think it fits a standard walk way/doorway and I live in a pretty new house .
 This gate is awesome . Easy to set up and rock solid afterwards . Getting through hands free and being able to open/close with feet is cool .
 LOVE this gate we ordered 5 different gates none worked but this one LOVE it we have twin boys so when I am holding both of them at he same time it 's nice to just step down and have the gate open rather than put one kid down to have to use my hands . We have a few of these and have been using them for a almost 2 yrs now never had a thing go wrong . LOVE it
 This is a great gate . Very sturdy and easy to open . I will definitely get another one if I need one for my other rooms !
 Not only was this gate very easy to install -LRB- I did n't have to wait for my husband to get home and do it -RRB- , it looks great and most importantly it leaves no holes in the wall . When a gate this well made is available , I see no point in destroying your drywall for a more extensive gate . It is very safe , and there is no way that my almost 4 year old can open it . I 'm very impressed and will only purchase THIS product if we ever need another gate .
 This gate works really well except it does n't adjust very well . When tightening the top to the right amount the bottom is too tight and there is no way to fix that . We however have just ignored that and do enjoy the gate .
 I 'm very pleased with the gate . It was a breeze to install and the foot pedal release works easily . I was afraid the installation would prove tricky because on one side the lower part was on the stair and while upper was against newel post . Now worries - popped right in . Also , the adjustments were easy and the instructions very straightforward.Very happy with the gate .
 I 've been a child care provider and teacher for years . You come to absolutely dread going in and out of inferior baby gates . This gate is the best . It 's truly hands free and child proof . Love it .
 I have two of these gates and am online now buying a third so I thought the least I could do was write a review ! I absolutely lov this gate ! I 've had the one for almost 31/2 years now and LOVE it . Got the other about 6 months ago and they are both great . They are so convenient to open w your foot ! If you are like me , my hands are full with two kids and constantly carrying stuff upstairs-downstairs so I needed a hands-free . I could not be happier !!! Also , the extensions are very sturdy as well !
 Nice and sturdy ! Easy to install and use . It has hands-free opening so its good when you have your hands full like I always do . This gate wont budge when it is installed so it is very safe . It looks nicer then some of the other gates on the market.We still have this years later and got a second one when we moved . My oldest is almost 4 and she still cant open it on her own . She is n't heavy enough for the peddle . Still loving it !
 I have purchased several typical kids gates , but this one is great . It 's so nice to have the hands free gate . My friend bought two .
 I have had this gate up since before we had our toddler , to contain our dogs . It is still in excellent shape and wo n't budge from the doorway . I just wish they made an extra-long version of this , and I would use it in every room we need a gate .
 I am a breeder and have raised pups for many years . I required a sturdy chew proof gate that is easy to open and close while holding onto squirmy pups . This gate is the solution . It is without a doubt the best `` dog/child '' gate I have every purchased . As the advertisement suggests , I can easily open and close this gate without using my hands . For small puppy breeds you 'll have to place a tight mesh on the lower part of the gate . I accomplished this by fastening the mesh on with cable ties and it has worked perfectly . I recommend this superior gate to anyone . You wo n't be disappointed !
 This is the best gate . I first got `` Summer Infant Sure and Secure Extra Tall '' because of some of the negative feedbacks.But when I needed another door gate , I took a chance with so many positive feedbacks.and ... yes , I really like this gate . If you know how to install properly , it should be pretty firm gate.The other gate is little hard to open for my wife and mom.But this is way to go !!!
 I love this gate , I purchased it for my daughter when her son was born . It 's durable & very easy to open and close . He is 2 yrs old now & the gate is holding up great . I purchased a different gate at Toys R Us for myself , what a joke , took it back & ordered another First Years Gate for myself .
 This gate helps keep our dogs safe from charging out the front door when company comes . It is sturdy and easily moveable . We do n't have the knee knocker option but I think it would be a great addition.I always know where the dogs are and it really helped during puppy training my french bulldog puppies recently .
 My wife and I needed a quality gate that not only would block the passage of dogs and children , but also be -LRB- semi -RRB- permanent and look OK in the house . We 've had numerous wood gates that would either lean-up against a doorway , scratch paint , or just get in the way . The swinging gate on this gate makes it easy to use and its design does not make it look like an eyesore in our house . Also , we have a 70-lbs black lab and a 60-lbs lab mix . Both dogs are known to jump , but they have not been able to clear this gate - much to our delight . And , I 'm sure that when the kids start to walk/crawl , they will be worth their weight in gold in keeping them safe . We like this gate so much that we intend to buy one of two more for other areas of the home .
 I used this gate for many many years , to keep children and pets out of my room . Always worked great , especially the hands free part . As far as top of stairs , not so good as with any gate . Easy open going down but going up can be difficult reaching the pedal to open . The best thing to do is put in a door and lock it to keep the young one from going down . Toddles are really short people , going up stairs by crawling works well , going down can be a little more difficult but babies tend to overcome if that have to desire to get somewhere . One more thought , when baby gets older and finds out that he can not open the gate then he may find a way to stack things up to climb over and that is the big thing about gates at top of steps . That is way they tell you not to put them at the top of the steps . Enough said , do not give the item or Amazon 1 star ,
 We have several types of gates in our home for a toddler and a dog . We had one of these gates , between our kitchen and living room . When we broke a different gate in another location , we replaced it with one of these hands free gates . Very convenient to open when your hands are full . We also have a staircase that we 've blocked access to with gates on each side of the foyer using these hands free gates . Also swings in or out . Great invention .
 I read so many reviews on gates , this one and others . I was still nervous about buying this one , but did it anyway . Well I am very happy with my purchase . I like this gate , it serves the purpose of keeping the baby out of the cat food . I wanted something that would stay open when she was not around and was easy to get through when she was . Small children will not be able to open this gate , they are not heavy enough , you have to press really hard on the foot-pedal . There is about 40lbs of pressure needed to start the depression and hold it down long enough to open the gate . Even if a small child was jumping on it they would need to have enough weight to keep it down as well . The child would need to weigh well over 50lbs to do that and have the leg strength to keep it there . For an adult , it is simple.To put the gate into place , all you need to do is place it where you want it and pull out the pads to the desired location and tighten a nut . Very , very simple . AND because you are not rotating the pads against the wall you need not worry about your walls surface . Each tension pad adjusts independently of one another . Great product .
 I have twins , and so I 'm always carrying either both of them or an armload of stuff . Thus , a top-latch type gate was really out of the question . This gate lets you through hands-free ! The pressure mount is a lot stronger than I thought it would be . Because you tighten the gate using a wrench -LRB- included -RRB- it holds in place . I ordered this when my twins were just beginning to crawl around and get into things , and now at 20 months , it 's just as useful . What 's great is that even though they 've figured out how to open the gate , they are n't heavy enough to make it work ! Now if only this applied to other `` child-proofing '' stuff ...
 This has been a great gate . We have log walls along our staircases and this gate works on them . Also , our cats can squeeze through the extension part , which is nice for them.My only complaint is that the actual opening of the gate is narrow . I have trouble when I 'm carrying a laundry basket or something awkward getting through . It is n't a huge problem , but that is why I gave it 4 stars .
 I bought this gate after reading the positive reviews , and I 'm very happy with the purchase . The hands-free latch works great . You just step on the pedal , and you can kind of knee the gate open . Although my daughter figured out how it worked , there was no way for her to get enough weight on the foot pedal to unlatch the gate . It turned out , too , that as an infant/toddler/two year old , she was quite an agile and early climber . Nevertheless , she was unable to climb over this gate until she turned 2 and 1/2 . By that time , we were only using it for extra safety at night , and felt fine taking it down .
 Personally , I dreaded shopping for a baby gate . We have heard and experienced so many horror stories . We finally sucked it up and basically picked this one for the foot pedal alone . It has been a dream all the way around.It took about ten minutes to install , only because I was a dunce and was trying to make it more difficult than it was . Hold the gate up , screw the spacers out evenly , done!It has held up well -- very solidly constructed -- and it 's so easy to use . No headaches trying to get through the gate , even when my hands are full . It keeps the dogs out and him in . So far he has n't figured out how to open it , but even if he did I do n't think he would be strong/heavy enough to push the pedal down -LRB- it takes a good amount of stepping power -RRB- . We are thrilled with this purchase and recommend it highly .
 We bought this gate on a recommendation from a friend , whose toddler is quite active and climbing everywhere . This was definitely one of the best purchases we 've made . It is easy to install -LRB- NO TOOLS ! -RRB- and even easier to use . It 's high enough that my toddler is n't trying to climb over it , and sturdy enough to where she is n't shaking on it to make it come loose . It is an excellent gate .
 I love that this gate installs very easily , and the gate swings both ways . We installed this in a bedroom frame , and easily moved it to over the stairs . I love that it does n't leave any residue on the walls . Be sure the use the wrench it comes with which makes it very easy.The measurements it gives you are pretty accurate for the max length it can do , our stairway is just over 39 '' and it barely does n't fit with the first extension so we had to add another .
 It 's easy enough to fit , but best of all is the operation . Often the need to get through the gate when your hands are full arises . Just step your foot on the pedal -LRB- not so effective when wearing thongs/flip-flops -RRB- and you 're through . The spring on the pedal is stiff enough to prevent youngsters from getting through.My only reservation is the knee plate . It 's needs to be easily removed because some kids will use it as a climbing aid . I took the knee plate off , but there 's a metal stub attached to the bar which is a chore to remove and leaves a small , rough edge which needs to covered with whatever works.Over-all , I rate this gate as the best of what I 've seen out there .
 This gate is great , sturdy , handy when you need it but does n't get in the way when you do n't .
 I really like this gate . It is clean looking , easy to install and is sturdy . One can walk through it with hands full and open it with one 's foot and knee without putting the load down . So pleased .
 My husband and I wanted to get a gate that would last us for a long time . I did some research and we decided the Hands Free gate was the one that seemed to fit our needs the most . We had purchase cheaper gates in the past and they lasted only a short time before they broke . The Hands Free gate is so strong , I do n't feel like my baby could pull it down like other gates . It 's so easy to use when your hands are full , and it does n't make marks on our walls . I was concerned about the foot pedal breaking like other reviews mentioned , but I think they are making it stronger because it does n't seem like it 's plastic . It 's definetly worth the money for a VERY reliable gate !!!
 I LOVE this gate !!!!! I tried those mesh gates first for our dog . What a pain . You either had to step over them or remove them so you could walk thru . I was always breaking the wooden teeth . When my baby came along , my child care provider turned me on to this gate . It installs in minutes , it 's very easy to move from one doorway to another . If your hands are full , the `` knee action '' opening system is such a help . I now give these as gifts at baby showers .
 I just purchased 2 of these gates for my home.I have a nine month old that just figured out how to crawl through out my apartment . I have 3 doorways that lead from my dining room , kitchen and bathroom . My husband and I have been looking for gates that would be sturdy enough for my little one 's roughness as he gets older . With prices ranging from $ 30.00 to $ 130.00 we decided on these for 2 reasons , Cost and mechanics . I have to say I was really surprised out how easy they were to install . It was easy and counting 1 2 3 . I love these gates because no hands are needed to open them.There great for moving from Kitchen to Dining room with plates in hand . I highly reccomend these gates for everyone .
 I bought 6 other gates and none of them fit on my stairwell because I have molding trim around the bottom . This gate was so easy to install and it is easy to open . I did , however , have to buy 1 extension piece , but who cares . It keeps my now 11 month old away from the steps ! It was so easy I bought a 2nd one for the upstairs stairwell .
 This is the best gate ever !!!! I have tried every gate on the market and this one is the easiest to install and work !
 I just purchased two of these gates & think that they are great . It is easy to operate , durable , and attractive . The swinging gate is a must - climbing over non-swinging gates gets old really fast . My only concern is that a toddler may figure out how to open the gate when he is a little older , perhaps towards three when he sees that it requires one to step onto the foot pad . It does , however , require you to push the foot pad down perhaps a little farther than a toddler will be able to .
 We put it up in our mail hallway to the kitchen . When we carry the baby , it 's easy to step on the foot pedal and open the gate with your knee . EXCELLENT gate ! -LRB- we have 1 extension -RRB- . It 's pricey , but we 've found this to be the best gate !
 This gate is the best I 've seen yet ! It fits very securly and is very easy to put together and install.But best of all is the sheer convienence of it . TOTALLY hands free ! For an example , when I need to carry laundry baskets FULL of clothes upstairs ... with baskets in hand at hip level all I have to do is step on gate release pedal and push my knee agains the square plate and it opens easily AND shuts behind me so I do n't have to worry about turning around and shutting it to keep the kids from trying to crawl up the stairs after me.And the gate is at the perfect height . As I said with laundry basket at waist height on my hip ... it clears the top of the gate perfectly and I 'm average height of 5 ' 7 . I 've yet to see a gate with such ease of use and astetically pleasing as well . A + + +
 I had registered for this gate after hearing high recommendations from my mom who works at a private daycare and has several there . Luckily for me , we received it as a shower gift and it is one of the best gifts that is actually true to its name . The foot pedal allows the gate to swing in either direction allowing me to get through a doorway which blocks off our loving black lab/retriever mix while still holding our baby or anything else for that matter . Prior to our bundle of joy arriving I had another gate that would repeatedly fall down and was a pain to lock in place . I did however need `` 1 '' extension for our doorway . We have definitely got our friend 's money 's worth out of this awesome gift and would in turn purchase it for another expectant parent or even someone with just pets !!
 We bought this gate to use at the bottom of our stairs to prevent our son from climbing up and falling down . After much research , we decided on this gate b/c it was `` hands free '' and required no permanent installation . -LRB- We 'd just moved into a brand new house . -RRB- It works perfectly for our baby , now 15 months , -LRB- not to mention our 4 legged family member as well -RRB- . It 's also easy enough for our now 6-year-old son to open and close by himself . It 's had over 9 months of use and abuse -- the baby climbs up on it and tries to pull it open -- and still it functions great ! This is MUCH better than the -LRB- cheaper -RRB- Safety First tension gate we used with our older son . In addition to the holes for mounting it , the `` tension '' dented our drywall . Definitely spend a little extra for the better quality gate !!
 I love this gate for my 18 month old . It truley is `` hands free '' . The only thing I must mention is that on the box it says it fits a 29 ' door . Our door is exactly 29 ' and the rubber pieces slide right off when installing the gate because there is not enough space . I would suggest making sure your door is at least 30 ' . Also the plastic piece across the bottom would not go in . We ended up cracking is from pushing too hard . I feel for the price , the gate should look perfect and to this day rubber peices are half off.Other then that , once its all together I love not having to bend down to open gate .
 We have had this gate for 2 years and the gate has worked great . But just FYI , it is n't completely stable if you have high baseboards . We have 5 inch baseboards so the bottom pressure mounting knobs are n't flush against the wall . We ca n't raise the gate because the bottom of the gate has to lie flush on the ground for the foot pedal to work . We were able to set the gate up and it worked great for deterring our 1st child . However , our 2nd child -LRB- now 1 years old -RRB- has been able to push out the bottom of the gate because the pressure mounting knobs are n't flush . Fortunately the top mounting knobs stayed in place so the gate did n't fall on him . I still gave the gate 5 stars but just wanted to warn other parents in case they were using the pressure mounting gates on a non-flat surface . -LRB- Also the rubber has started wearing off the knobs because the gate shifts slightly every time we step on the foot pedal . -RRB- Other than that , the gate has performed great and I would definitely get it again .
 works well for containing over zealous foddlers and puppies . the step peddle is wonderful when your hands are full . easy to use and install . Would be a 5 if the gate was another 5 '' higher .
 This is a great gate and have been using it since it arrived .
 This gate has been wonderful for my husband and I . It is functional and easy to use . It really is hands free ! Dog proof and baby proof . I do n't understand any of the people that say the gate losses pressure , it has n't for us . I would recomend this gate to anyone ! Before buying this gate please measure the hall or space you intend to use it in . My husband and I ended up having to buy 2 extenders to fit the gate in our hallway . Although the gate cost about $ 30 more dollars , it was really worth it !
 I LOVE this gate . The fact that I can open the gate without any hands is WONDERFUL . Before purchasing this gate , I read some reviews that were negative and was a little concerned at first that my child might be able to open it , but that was not the case at all . I have two 7 year old nieces , who have trouble opening it , so I feel confident that my 10 month old daughter ca n't . This gate was VERY easy to install , in fact I did it with no help , just by myself . I 'm glad I made this purchase . I would recommend this gate to EVERYONE who has a child !
 I just went to the store , purchased this gate , came home and installed it ; all under an hour.It feels really sturdy . I 'm anxious to see how it holds up to my one year old when she wakes up in the morning .
 I have twin boys and this gate keeps them in our family/play room . I had to get the extension kit to go with it because our opening was wider but it is a great gate . It is very simple to use but it will be years before our boys will be able to get it open . You simply have to use your whole body weight to open it . My husband 's grandmother ca n't even figure it out . It was also very simple to install . No drilling of holes or anything .
 This gate is soooo awesome . I bought it today and did n't even need to look at the directions to install it . It was pretty self explanatory . It is in our bedroom doorway and I love that you can walk through without having to take the gate down completely.We also bought the First Years All Clear Swing Gate for the top of our staircase . It is also awesome ! We did have to buy wall anchors because one side of our stairwell is drywall but that was no big deal.These two First Years gates are GREAT !!! I recommend them both .
 Purchased gate to keep doggie out of the living room and for future visits from grandchildren . Very convenient , easy to use . Easy to adjust to size of door . Very satisfied .
 The best design I have seen yet ! We actually purchased this gate not for kids but for dogs . Love that it 's `` hands free '' , in that you can press the release with your foot and then open the gate with your knee in one motion . Also , when closing the gate a little push will be enough for the gate to swing and lock closed , as the catch is very sensitive . No more fiddling with trying to get the gate door perfectly in position . Easy to install/adjust to the doorway .
 We bought one of these gates at a garage sale before our baby was due a couple of years ago . I did n't know anything about it and did n't even really know what we 'd use it for . We LOVE this gate !!! So much that we just bought another one new . The vertical bars are great to keep kids -LRB- or dogs -RRB- from climbing over it . The step peddle is way too hard to push down for my son to manage -LRB- he 's 28 months old -RRB- even if he tries - which he really does n't . :-RRB- I frequently have hands full so the ease of opening without hands is hugely useful and appreciated . It 's also easy to control and can be opened and closed very quietly if you have someone napping nearby . The only suggestion I 'd make is to clean under it regularly if you have lots of animals and/or dirt in the house . I know that sounds funny but we have one in a doorway and when we shut the door it will push the foot pedal and move the gate a smidge each time . We also have a houseful of animals and dirt and I did n't think to take the gate out to clean under it regularly so the dirt from the motion of the gate wore away at the finish on the hardwood floor underneath . Not the gate 's fault ! Love these gates !
 My wife and I went through a dozen reviews , consumer reports listings , etc and finally found the first years hands free gate . We have a 2-year old and have been using these gates for about 6 months now with no problems . We started out with one at the bottom of the stairs and eventually got a second set for the upstairs as well . Our stairs had a slightly unusual setup so it was hard to find a particular set of gates that would work . Everyone talks about leaning towards something that drills into the sides of the stairwell but that was problematic and actually did n't seem to hold well . The first years product using pressure to keep the gate stable seems to work well - our little `` tests it out '' for us often and it does n't budge . Beware though , you will probably need the extensions . Our stairs are n't terribly wide so I was surprised that we needed to buy the extensions -LRB- $ 15-20 a pop and we needed two -RRB- but the final result was more than worth it . We have a second baby on the way so we will get the full use of these gates . The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is because we had to buy the extensions - though again , given the final result , is a minor gripe .
 I have tried several gates to keep my small dog in areas where he is not wanted and LOVE this gate . I now have 3 of them .
 I bought the gate to confine my dog after he had knee surgery . This is the 3 ` rd gate I 've purchased , and by far the best . It opens easily with adult pressure on the foot pedal & a light knee to the gate . Great when my hands are full ! I can swing it shut with my foot fast enough that my dog does n't escape.I 'm pretty hopeless mechanically , but the instructions were clear and I had it up in less than 10 minutes . My niece is almost 3 , and she has n't been able to get it open .
 I love this gate . We just ordered another one to replace one of those crummy plastic ones . The plastic one we have is not easy to open and close and comes loose at the bottom . This one fits snugly in the door way and is very easy to open for an adult .
 I love this and am so happy that we decided to get them before our daughter started walking . We used the step over compression gates for a few months and are very glad that we got these for a semi permanent installation .
 Dont buy any other gate . I know I was told this by all my other mother friends but they were right . I also got my extensions at pet smart as they went on sale for $ 5.00 there . I tried other gates and this is by far the best . My child can pull on it , stand on the peddle and shake it , ... it never moves . Our second gate did not have the wall attachments and I called the helpline and they sent them UPS as soon as they heard about my problem . Excellent gate , excellent product , great customer service !
 This gate has worked great ! We use it to keep the dog contained during the day when we are n't home and the baby out the rest of the time . We did need the extension though . We thought it was a normal door opening , but I guess not . Also , does n't work well in a doorway where you would like to close the door also . We were trying to use it on the laundry room , but did n't want it to be open when guests came over . That was a minor problem and I would still highly recommend this gate .
 Awesome gate , wish I had it when they were born . So far it is holding up to two , 30lb . boys . They are in the terrible two 's and use teamwork to try and open it , they have not succeeded . It is used in kitchen doorway with high traffic . The pressure has chipped the paint but who cares , it hands free !
 We got this particular gate for our child and dog because a relative has one . I love the fact that you just need your foot to open the gate and you can use your knee to push it open and closed.Assembly
 I bought this gate about 2 years ago to keep my dogs out of the bedrooms.It has worked perfectly.It really is hands free.I also have 2 boys and they have put it through the test.It has past with flying colors.It is still like it was when we took it out of the box.I have n't had any problems with it.It has n't broken or fallen down or apart like some gates I have bought in the past.I will be buying another one just like this one for my kitchen.It also keep little ones out to.It 's Perfect for small children and dogs.Not so good for cat because they will jump it ... Great Buy At A Great Price ...
 Overall I would recommend this gate . Installing it took just a few minutes and I am not a handy guy at all . We have a 5 year old and an 18 month old ... at first it took our 5 year old a while to get used to opening it . It seemed like it was going to be a problem , but then he was able to put enough weight on it and now he has no trouble with it . My only complaint really is this ... it makes the doorway pretty narrow . We had not thought of that prior to getting it . Other than that , it works great . I like the fact that you can open it with your hands full -LRB- which mine often seem to be -RRB- .
 This gate is a great investment for when your hands are full , but still need to close/open it with the simple press of your foot . I highly recommend this gate if you have animals or toddlers in your home .
 I have tried numerous gates with my first child and I went through frustration after frustration with other gates . This is a WONDERFUL gate . I have had it for 8 months now and I could n't be happier . My 5 year old son opens this with ease and the 4 year old I babysit can open it too with a little more bounce bounce bounce in his step -LRB- he 's the size of a 3 year old -RRB- . Hands free operation with the knee push pad on the gate , I do n't think it will ever break with as much opening and closing we 've done in the high traffic area we installed it in . We have 2 , one is without the extension and one is with . I love that it is pressure mounted because there are NO HOLES in my walls ... woohoo . It 's not going anywhere either . My one year old stands up on the bottom and hangs on it and it does n't budge . Easy installation too , I did it myself in less than 5 minutes . I also love that it opens by foot instead of hand because what busy mom does n't need that , and it 's much much easier than any hand gate I 've tried . Everyone who 's come over -LRB- even those without kids -RRB- have commented on this gate , how nice it is , they 've never seen anything like it , and how easy and convenient it is , plus it blends in well -LRB- we have white doors and trim -RRB- . I am only 25 and I will be storing this away for my grandkid years . Worth every penny , the only gate you 'll need to buy . A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I use this gate in the door way to keep the dogs out but , be able to keep the door open.This gate is wonderful ! I am 9 months pregnant and had been stepping over our old gate and I hated it . . This gate is so easy ! easy to install , open , close . My only complaint is that I did n't order more then one the first time.One week after getting the new gate I ordered a 2nd , for the baby 's room . I also order the extention but , I have yet to use it . The gate fits perfect in my doorways.I am planning on ordering one more for a larger opening and I will try out the extention then.I will never use another type of gate again.This truely is hands free , and so easy , you 'll love !
 We do not have kids , but we have two of these for our dog . It is great because you can be carrying a load of laundry or -LRB- I can imagine a child -RRB- and still get through the gate easily . You step on the peddle and bump it with your knee and it pops open . It is easy to swing shut as well.It is funny my dog knows how it works and tries to bat his paw at the peddle , but he will not ever be able to open the gate because he can not put enough pressure down . ******* Now that we have children -LRB- 2 years later -RRB- this has proven to be a great gate still . It is in excellent condition and we have purchased 2 additional gates since our son is now walking ********
 I do n't write many reviews , but this gate is worth it . We have had this gate for 4 years . Our oldest boy , now 5 , only recently has been able to put enough pressure on the step to open the gate . The last few months , he has picked up the habit of swinging on the gate when it is open -LRB- though of course he is not allowed -RRB- , yet it has not moved or been damaged in any way . Now , with child # 3 , I still do n't need to replace the gate.Other reviews cover many of the benefits - the pressure installation , the truly hands-free opening and the general ease of use . One other benefit is the `` mini ramp '' on the bar across the bottom . I have never once tripped over the bar in four years , though I have at friends ' houses when their gates did not have this feature.Hope this helps .
 I bought two much cheaper gates before buying this one and really wish I would have just bought this one to begin with . It is well worth the money and does n't fall down when pushed against and the floor handle works really well when my hands are full . Also , just a note I thought mine was bent when I first got it , but once my husband installed it according to the directions it was perfect .
 This is a great product . Easy to install and sturdy . Very practical and easy to use . No complaints . It also looks nice and functions well . For the price this has to be one of the best gates out there .
 So far so good my two year olds ca n't get it open . They love to slam it though , and we have had a bit of a problem with closing it since they have been so rough on it . Overall we love it . It is much easier to navigate then our last gate -LRB- especially since it goes into the kitchen and I usually have my hands full when I am trying to go through it -RRB- . We have an old house that probably does n't have an even doorway and this gate can be adjusted to accommodate that . I would recommend it to a friend .
 I am very pleased with this product . Keeps my baby safe , lets me be at ease .
 This is , indeed , an excellent gate . It arrived in perfect condition , too , which is not always the case on shipped items.This gate is sturdy , easy to install , and performs well . I bought it for my pet ferrets . I modified it by adding wood paneling -LRB- since ferrets would have no problem slipping through the bars -RRB- and it has been performing well . I did notice that you really need to push it shut with the knee pad or the bottom does n't latch as readily , but that 's no big deal . It clicks loudly when latched , which is a good thing , since it helps you know you 've got it shut right.So far no ferrets have escaped through it -LRB- since we added the wood -RRB- . There IS a small hole under the foot pedal that a tiny ferret might try to use as an escape route , but so far , none of mine have done more than peek through the opening.This gate has definitely improved things , as stepping over the gate a zillion times a day was ruining my hip . This is a well-made gate !
 This gate was the one I selected based on reviews and I am glad I did . My 10month old can not access the kitchen and my 5 year old nephew had a hard time accessing as well , which was the point : - -RRB- Excellent quality ! Very happy with it and would recommend it .
 Twins gang up to get into greater trouble . Ours stand at the gate and shake it to let us know when they 'd like to go outside . We call them the raptors . One climbs on his sister to get higher . This morning , one of the monkeys took down the Safety 1st gate and climbed the stairs to the second floor . We went out this afternoon to buy another 1st Years Hands-Free . When I 'm holding both babies , I can use my foot and knee to open this gate . I shut it with a kick . It 's weighted so they ca n't open it with their feet . I love this thing . It 's worth the money -LRB- so far -RRB- . Our raptors are smart ... and they communicate .
 I have no complaints about this gate - I love it and am getting another one for another room in our house . Being able to step and knock the gate with your knee when you are holding your baby is really helpful . My husband installed it on a standard door frame . You have to follow the instructions to get it to fit snuggly , but once you have it installed properly , it is solid and wo n't go anywhere .
 This is a great product for a household with small children or pets that need boundaries . It 's `` no hands '' feature really works !
 This gate has been great . It is exactly as pictured , easy to assemble and sturdy enough to handle repeated use . My Maltese puppy figured out a way to get through the side openings but a little duct tape fixed that . It keeps my dog confined and allows my 90 + year old mother free access . I wish I had gotten it earlier.Sharon Bishop
 This is pretty much the best gate I could conceive of . The pressure mounts are wonderfully sturdy , the design is ingenious and convenient , and for now , anyway , there 's no way my baby is getting past it.If there were any improvement to be made , I wish the profile of the bottom section were a little lower . I 've tripped over it and stubbed my toe on it . This is a minor complaint , on balance .
 This gate is GREAT for PETS and KIDS . We bought two of thesegates for our daughter when she was a toddler and now use it to keep our dog in the kitchen while we are away or during the night . It has been in place for over a year now , and gets a TON of use . It loosens up from time to time , but it is no big deal to tighten it -LRB- my 8 year old son likes to swing in the opening -RRB- . We currently have 2 extensions on it , and have had no problem with them other than when we first got our Italian Greyhound he could get through the gate on the extension side , once he got bigger this was n't a problem . Our 31/2 year old still does n't have the strength to open the gate on her own -LRB- she weighs 30 pounds -RRB- so it keeps her out of the kitchen while I am cooking dinner . I only wish they could make slightly wider extensions so I could place a third one between my dining room and living room , for now I have a tall step over kind of gate there .
 After exploring all of the gate options out there I was determined to try out a gate that actually attached to the wall . I 've heard that the pressure setting gate where a pain , but when we went to buy the gate I realized I really did n't need anything that was bigger than a standard door size and I wanted to be able to open the door with my foot not my hands . So we bought the hands free gate . I love it ! I put it up myself in less than 10 minutes and it works beautifully . The only thing that some people may not like is the foot peddle is a little hard to push down to open the gate , but this could be just because it 's new . It does n't bother me I look at it like an added bonus I wo n't have to worry about my toddler opening it until she 's 12 years old . I also have four cats and so far they have n't tried jumping over it . This gate is worth your money !
 When we had baby # 3 , I had to find a gate that was easy enough for my 5 & 6 year to use - this is perfect !! They can open it easily -LRB- have n't heard a single complaint -RRB- and they DO close it because all you have to do is swing it shut . It adjusts well to different widths -LRB- in the case of base boards -RRB- . It 's easy to get through when my hands are full with a sleeping baby . With just a push of the foot and knee , I 'm through . Problem # 1 - It slipped around a lot on our laminate floor , but we just put a slip free rug under ours and that gave it a lot more stability . Problem # 2 - I consider our hallway where the gate is located as a standard size width , so we felt a little `` took '' when we had to buy the extension - ended up being a $ 70 investment instead of $ 50 . Because it is so easy , I am also wondering how long it will be before the baby learns how to open it by watching her older siblings . However , we love the gate and we plan on buying at least one more since baby # 4 is on the way now .
 We have been very happy with this gate . It was easy to install , and was the only non-wood gate we found which could adjust top and bottom separately , to accommodate the moldings near the floor . The gate swings very smoothly , and I feel comfortable that the baby will not be able to open it , since you need to use a fair amount of pressure on the pedal . We had received two `` hand-me-down '' gates which we ended up throwing out ... nothing was as convenient as this gate ! We now have 3 of them . On the down side , the opening is a little narrow to walk through . If I have something in my arms -LRB- my 15 month old , or a basket of laundry -RRB- , I have to lift up and over the gate top to avoid hitting it . We have had these gates for 3 months , and have had no trouble with breaking parts .
 My 11-month-old was climbing another gate that we had , so I decided to try this one . This has given us peace of mind to know that he will not be able to climb over head first.This gate is well designed -LRB- with an improved foot pedal that will eliminate the previous complaints of it breaking -RRB- and easy to use.Although I did find the instructions to be somewhat ambiguous , it was relatively easy to install.The only complaint is the actual opening is narrow , about 18 inches , and could be cumbersome for moving large objects -LRB- or people for that matter -RRB- through the opening without detaching the entire gate from the doorway .
 I bought this gate after the birth of my second child , expecting that I would n't always have a free hand to open the gates I already had . It 's marvelous . My 3 year old knows how it works , but can not operate it . Neither of my boys can so much as budge it , either , as they could other pressure gates . It 's narrow so you can probably expect to buy an extension or two . I have two on mine -LRB- my apartment is designed for wheelchair access so all the doorways are very wide -RRB- . They both fit well with the gate , look good , and do not compromise the strength of it.Another bonus to this gate is that the screw system adapts for toe molding or other irregularities of width within the door frame.I have a bit of a problem with the collection of dirt and dog hair within the base of the gate . Every few weeks I need to take it apart and clean it all out . But after a year of use , it 's still in good shape and I 'm very pleased .
 I LOVE this gate ! My daughter -LRB- 13 months old -RRB- plays with it constantly and has for months now . She swings it shut , we open it , and she swings it shut again . It 's great because there is no place where her fingers or feet will get caught . It 's safe for her to play with.Another thing I like about this gate is that it shuts so easily . When we want to separate the dog from the baby , we just throw a dog treat in the room and slam the gate shut . You have to be able to act fast in that situation , and this gate allows that.I have not had any problems with anything breaking , and I would n't say we use it delicately . We have had it for about 7-9 months now . -LRB- I do n't remember exactly when we bought it . -RRB- I would not recommend it for the top of the stairs , however . I am not a believer in having a tension gate there . It needs to be something that screws into the wall at the top of the stairs.If you are considering this gate , I say , `` Get it ! '' Especially if your child likes to play with the gate and/or you have pets . We love it !
 Our little one is rolling and starting to crawl , so we bought two of these gates , one for the top of our walk-up stairs , and one for the hallway . They are fantastic . You have to do two things to open the gate -- push down on the foot pedal while pushing the gate forward , but because you can do these without your hands , it is perfect for when you are carrying your little one in your arms . The foot pedal also requires a substantial push , so there is no way that the baby -LRB- or a pet -RRB- would be able to do so on his or her own . The material is very sturdy , so even if a toddler tried to pull herself up on the gate , it would not come undone . The gate door also works both ways , an important feature.The one negative as far as I can tell is that when coming up the stairs , it takes a little extra coordination to step on the foot pedal.Definitely recommended .
 We got a puppy and I needed a gate to keep it in the kitchen . I wanted something that wouldnt be offensive looking but would do the job . This is perfect ! It is so simple to use . So effective ! Worth every penny it cost .
 We love this gate ! Very well constructed , and works like a charm . Easy to open and close , and secure .
 bought this item when the baby was born , turn out to be the best protection from my child as well as keeping my dog away from some areas .
 We bought two of these gates and I absolutely love them ! Just step on the pedal and the gate opens ! We even positioned the gates so my cats can slip through one side without having to jump over . I am the envy of all my friends , they always comment on the gates whenever they 're over ! Oh , and it definitely takes and adult to open . To test it , I had a 6 year old stand on the pedal . She still was n't heavy enough . So , we can keep these around for a while !
 This is a wonderful gate ! It is high enough to keep my very tall , large son where I want him and keep my dog where I want her . I found it easy to instal and very easy to use as it is completly hands free . It is worth the money . You do have to tighten the sides periodically but that is to be expected . This gate has been great and has kept our children safe for years . I would recommend this highly to any parent.So it is now 2009 and the gate is Still working !!!
 We love this gate ! Orginally 1 bought to keep our dog out of the cat 's food . Now that we have a baby , I 'm buying at least 2 more . It is so easy and convenient to use.The only problem we have with it is that you ca n't close the door with the gate attached . However , 2 of the three places we are using this gate are just openings with no door anyway , so it is not a big problem . I would have loved to have used this gate on baby 's bedroom , too , but then I could n't close the door !
 Since my daycare is in my home , I love the fact that this gate does n't have any screws to be pulled out of the wall with use . I also love that I can leave the gate up all the tme instead of taking it down every night and putting it back up in the morning or I can take it down for the weekends or a party because it 's not permanently attached to the wall . The icing on the cake is that me and my family still have the convinence of getting from room to room without JUMPING HURDLES . Being only 5 foot nothing , I have almost as hard a time getting over regular baby gates as my four year old does .
 I bought this gate not long after my first child was born . He 's now 3 and I have n't had a need for it . Now we are expecting our second child and I intend to use this gate again and possibly purchase another one because we are in a different house . The only problem is that I lost one of the `` feet '' that pushes against the wall but I think I can just order that part from the company . I even used this gate at the top of the stairs . I was a little skeptical at first but it held up and worked great . I may need several more now because we have a 2-story house as well as a basement . But all in all love that my child could never push hard enough to open the gate or climb over it . It 's very sturdy and does n't look like one of those cheap wood or plastic ones . I love it and would highly recommend it to other parents !
 We bought this gate about 21/2 years ago when our 3 year old started getting around . We had a huge gate blocking his way out of our family room and needed a more user friendly gate in the other other entrance into the familyroom/kitchen area . This gate was later moved to blocking our bedroom when he was old enough to move around more of the house.I have LOVED this gate to this day . It was so nice to bring groceries in and not have to climb over the larger gate . I just stepped on the pedal and push the gate open with my knee and I never had to put a thing down to do it . My Three year old can not get through it so our bedroom is where all the medicines etc are so he can not get to them.Now , here is the only things I have found wrong with it . When we took it down in the kitchen we did have to patch up the places where the gate squeezes against the doorway , it peeled paint and some plaster . Not a big deal since we had the paint to patch . The other more frustrating thing that we have discovered TODAY is that our 8 mo old is now crawling all over the place and so we have set up the old larger gate and have moved the pedal gate into the kitchen again . BUT again , our 3 year old can not get through the gate . You can loosen the ends so it is a little easier to open but he still can not open it himself . I am now desperately looking for a gate that will allow an older sibling to get through but keep the little guy in .
 We bought two of these gates with our first son because he would climb over or figure out how to open other gates . One of the BEST investments we made ! Six years and three children later the gates are still in perfect condition . They 're also wonderful for our dogs , we do n't have to move the gates to let them through , and my parents , who are too old to be stepping over gates !! Definitely love the hands free feature , too . HIGHLY recommend this gate !
 We 've tried at least three different gates in different doorways and entrances , and this one 's by far the best . It really is hands-free to open . Better yet , it closes automatically by bumping it shut , unlike some gates that require a hand to * close * them , argh.One complaint I 've heard is about the foot pedal breaking off . That has n't happened for us , and we use two of these , nor has it happened for friends -LRB- and friends of friends -RRB- who 've had one of these for several years . I suspect that anyone 's who broke had the gate in the entrance either too tightly or crooked . So , use the tool that comes in the box for checking the tightness , and use a level -LRB- ing device -RRB- to get it straight .
 I have a Weimeraner who is very curious about my new baby 's room . He loved to curl up on her rug and just sleep . The only way to keep him out was to put a baby gate in the hallway . It 's tall enough and intimidating enough so that he wo n't jump over . He often cries if I 'm in her room and he is not but I think it 's great for getting him used to not being able to be in there 24/7 .
 This gate has been up and in use 24-7 since I purchased it . I have had this gate for a little over a year and it is still going strong . Unlike other reviewers , I have not had any problems with the foot pedal . My 6 year old can open it but he has to hold on to the gate and jump up and down on the pedal with all his weight . He has been opening the gate this way since it was installed when he was 5 . Even this abuse has n't damaged my foot pedal . The only two negative things I 've noticed about this gate are the fact that the actual opening of the gate is a little narrow especially if your a little larger than average and the rubber on the tension feet that hold it in place are tearing and falling off . The babies range from crawlers to toddlers just under 24 months old and none of them have been able to open this gate . The babies have hung on the gate two at a time shaking it but the metal construction can easily take the weight of two toddlers without showing any signs of stress or weakness . I like the fact that the gate does n't use screws to permanently keep it in place and yet it 's sturdy enough that I have been able to install it once and leave it up . After having used this gate , I feel the pros greatly out way the cons and I give this gate 5 stars .
 We have a hallway that blocks a door going outside and down some stairs . This hallway opening is very large . We used this gate with two extension pieces and it works wonderfull . We were using a standard gate before this but , now my son is 2 years old and stepping over the other gate was getting to be a pain in the neck while holding my son . My son usually falls asleep in the car and we would have to sneak in and step over this huge gate . Now with the hands free gate , I can easilly step on the gate opens shuts itself . Do n't worry about it slaming on little fingers because the bar is far enough away that little fingers wo n't get caught . My son is a big 2 year old and he has figuires out every gate we owned . -LRB- Even our hearth gate that goes around the fireplace -RRB- He ca n't open this gate . He knows how to do it but , he physically ca n't put enough weight on the footboard . When I bought this I asks the babies r us guy if my son could get it open and he said even older children sometimes have trouble . I tried having my next door neighbor who is 6 try and open it . I told him how to do it and he really had to bounce on the foot board to openit.One pointer ... . make sure the gate is really snug or else the top latch will not close correctly .
 I purchased one of the wooden pressure gates before I bought this product but found that my child care provider had difficulty using it . I got this one and it is fabulous ! It stays secure once put in place and although my 19 month old daughter has now figured out that she has to step on the lever to open it she still ca n't get through because she can not put enough pressure on the lever to get out . I have two and plan on buying 2 more for other places in the house .
 I LOVE this gate ! 1 - does not leave marks on the wall .2 - Do not have to drill into anything .3 - Easy to set up and take down if needed .4 - Easy to open and close .5 - Keeps the little guy safe.What else could you ask for ?!!?
 This baby gate is awesome . It is easy to install , and once it 's in - it 's in ! My husband and I have both bumped into it pretty hard and it did n't budge , so when our 10 month old stands at it I 'm not worried about him pulling it out of the doorway . We love the fact that it 's hands free - step down on the pedal and push open with your knee . Extremely handy when you 're carrying your baby . Do n't worry about your baby being able to open the gate - you really have to step on the pedal in order for it to open .
 We bought this gate for our 5 month old Keeshond puppy -LRB- We also have a 6 yr , old Samoyed -RRB- . I received it today and installed it myself , very easy to install after reading the instructions . No drilling into the doorways required , and it 's sturdy , very safe and secure . I love the foot pedal to open it and it goes swings both ways . This is the 4th gate we have for our dogs . So far this is my favorite . I hope we get a couple of years use out of this gate .
 This is an excellent gate . Very easy to open with the foot pedal , and also very easy to close . Give it a good push and it will shut all the way on its own . Both opening and closing is hands free ! I love it . Just wish I could have used the same one at another spot , which unfortunately needed an angle mounted gate .
 This gate was exactly what we were looking for . When our twins started crawling around , I needed to be able to block off the kitchen from their reach . Most of the gates that I was finding in stores such a buybuy baby and babies r us had a hand mechanism for opening . However , that did not work for me as my hands are usually occupied with my babies . I did find one foot activated gate in buybuy baby by kidco but it was over 100 dollars . When I found this gate , it suited both my budget and my needs . It was very easy to install -LRB- ~ 5 minutes -RRB- and it works like a charm !
 Good sturdy gate but the instructions still list that the package should have a ramp and knee knocker . WHEn I called the company they said the gates no longer come with those pieces . Works great though .
 We purchased two of these gates about 3 weeks ago to contain our very mobile infant in our living room . The doorways are 36 '' , so we also got one extension for each . I wanted a tension-mounted gate , but did n't want one we had to step over or remove entirely every single time we needed to pass through . One doorway is to the foyer , and the other is to the kitchen , so there is a lot of traffic in and out of the room . I 'd seen this gate at a friend 's house and liked that it was hands-free . After 3 + weeks of use , I ca n't speak highly enough of these gates . Other reviewers complained of the opening width being too small , but we do n't have any issues with it at all . We 're not small people -LRB- 5 ' 9 '' , 200 + and 6 ' 2 '' , 300 + -RRB- , so maybe our height helps . My MIL is quite a bit shorter -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' ? -RRB- and does have to turn sideways to get through , though . If you have wide hips at 32 '' off the ground or lower , you might not love it.The installation seemed easy for my husband . A level and a few twists of the tension mounts pretty much did it . Though , when he thought he was finished with the first one , the top latch did n't connect between the gate & the stationary part . Turns out he was n't quite done tightening things up , so make sure both the top & bottom of the gate latch.I love that there does n't seem to be any part of the swinging gate that can pinch little fingers , except I guess if they were exactly where the gate latches . Our daughter does play near them sometimes , and if one is inadvertently left open , it 's usually very easy to close with her in such close proximity without any pinching risks.Overall , love , love , love .
 The foot pedal makes this gate outstanding ! You can open it with your hands full , and because it requires a certain amount of weight to open it , a toddler , no matter how smart , can not get it open ! My toddler has managed to open all other gates that we 've tried , but he simply can not generate enough force on the foot pedal to open this one . We bought two of them and have used them about a year . They have withstood shaking and crashing into . Now , however , he is older and has learned to push toys up the gate to use as steps for climbing . I only wish they made some taller models for the older kids !
 First off , let me explain I only give 5 stars to great items ! This is a great gate . We 've had it over a year and its still going strong.When looking for a gate with baby # 2 , we wanted something our older one could open but the little one could not . Now , this one has a foot pedal you have to push down on , and also push open the gate at the same time . Its tricky for kids . My 3 yr old neice could n't do it , but my 41/2 yr old got it down pat with a few days of practice . It holds up really well - she has to jump up and down on it and push the gate at the same time before it will open - it requires enough pressure to open where a younger child would n't be able to open it . -LRB- And if she just stands on the foot pedal , it does n't move . It needs more force -RRB- . I love that its hands-free , just step down and use your knee to push it open . Its swings either way , and I love that it will stand open and not auto-close . Sometimes you do n't want it closed ! It is sturdy - it stands up to being slammed 10 times a day by the older one and several more by me , plus being shaken by the toddler , PLUS the 40 lb puppy running into it and trying to push it open at least 4 times a day.I have found only 2 small complaints - 1 -RRB- We have had to adjust it a couple times when the locking mechanism gets offset . Honestly , I am pretty sure that is due to my older one slamming it in the same direction every time . Its a quick adjustment with the plastic wrench and voila ! 2 -RRB- While it has not yet happened , I am concerned the knee knocker feature I love so much will become a place for the toddler to put his foot and try to climb over . Of course , he wo n't be able to actually get over it , and really if a toddler is climbing that much any gate will be a problem . : -RRB- A few people have complained the swing-thru gate opening is smaller than other gates . I honestly hand ' t noticed , and I have rather wide hips . I clear it just fine.All in all , this gate is convenient , stylish , and takes a lot of abuse . Well worth the money in my book .
 We 've used 2 of these gates since our son started walking at 9 months and one week . The foot pedal feature is great , and they are very secure . I knocked them down a couple of times due to my clumsiness -LRB- so absolutely do NOT use at the top of stairs -RRB- , but our son could n't knock them down and could n't even come close to pushing down the pedal . We absolutely recommend these if you need to keep your little one out of a room . Awesome product and no holes in the doorways !
 I got the gates to keep our puppy out of our rooms . For a couple months we kept all the doors closed , and the house felt dark and blah . I feel like I have my house back . The doors were very easy to instal , are simple to open without using your hands , and safe for my puppy . My niece was over -LRB- about 35 lbs -RRB- and she couldnt open them either , so if I ever have kids ill use them again !
 We got these gates when our son started walking at 9 months . Our house has a floor plan where you can walk in basically a circle through all the downstairs rooms . We needed to keep him in the living room so we bought 2 gates to take care of 2 doorways . It is a pressure mounted gate and very easy to install . I put up both gates in less than half an hour.They are very sturdy and will adjust to the width of the doorways . We did not know that our doorways were different sizes until we put these in . Our son ca n't budge the gates even though he trieds and the step to open it is great . I am way too short for any of the gates you have to step over.These are pretty portable too . We take they too my mom 's when our son stay there on weekends . I would buy these again in a second . I believe they will last past our next child too .
 I have had this gate for a few months now and love it ! I have a 19 month old who is into everything , so I keep her out of the kitchen , especially while cooking . She has tried everything to get through this gate and can not . She has even figured out how it works but the foot pedal requires enough pressure so that she ca n't get it open -LRB- funny to watch her try though -RRB- . It is also very easy to install as it is pressure mounted . All you have to do it make sure it is tighened properly . This is a doorway gate only though . To tighten it properly in say a hallway you might damage the wall .
 This gate is great . At first I was not going to buy it because of the price . I bought a few cheaper gates to begin with but they did not fit secure and snug in the doorway . So I returned those and finally broke down and bought ome if these . I loved it for the beginning . Easy to install , fits snug and secure in the doorway . I went out the next day and bought two more .
 I absolutely love this gate as it is extremely easy to use and my now toddler is not able to get into the places we do not want him to . Prior to purchasing this , we purchased two other gates and they warped after a couple of months of use .
 I must say that this gate is quite wonderful . They are more than a year old and they are still in perfect condition . We have one at our kitchen entrance and one at our daughter 's room . I would highly recommend this gate to anyone who needs a hand accessible gate .
 Excellent Gate , Extremely sturdy . My 20 month son , bangs the Gate litrerary and the gate does n't even move slightly from its position . This gate has withstand all the roughest usage by people and its still the same as new . We 've been using since about a year now and have no complaint for it.A good buy and worth the money spend .
 I got several of these gates when my daughter was about 18 months and we were having our second child . It was so nice to carry a toddler while 9 months pregnant and just open it with the foot . I will say , at not quite 2 years , she learned to open it herself but standing on the pedal and bouncing up and down . So if yours is one of those determined types , this may not work . They are now 2 and 4 years old and we still have them . More as a deterrant than anything else . I saw in other reviews that people have mentioned the plastic pegs that are the latch and whether it would break . I 've put a child in their room for time out and they can rattle that thing all they want and it has n't broken . The plastic nuts do come loose once in a while so I would check that . But in fairness , it is a nuts and bolts system so if your child rattles the gate then they will start to come loose . Hardmounted gates did n't work . The pressure mounted plastic ones we originally had , my toddler could actually pull and push hard enough to get them to fall down . We have n't had this problem with these gates . They do stand up over time . I highly recommend these gates . Going to go buy the extension right now so I can move the gate to a different spot .
 I purchased this gate as soon as my son started crawling . I read reviews and even bought an expensive gate . I got it home and it would n't fit in my larger than average doorway . I then purchased the Hands Free Gate -LRB- and a reasonably priced extender -RRB- and love it . It is so sturdy and easy for moms to use when holding their babies going up and down the stairs . The extender is kind to the walls and even adjusts to various mouldings . I really loved the fact that I did n't have to drill into my walls and still have the security of knowing my son could n't open it or push it over . Definately a must have !!!!!
 We bought this gate when my youngest son was learning to walk to keep him from going up the stairs . Because it swings both ways , we were able to mount it ON our bottom stair and still get up and down the stairs easily . After we moved , we still used the gate for our son to keep him out of the rest of our house -LRB- down the hallway and into bedrooms and bathrooms -RRB- and it also did a wonderful job keeping our dog out too ! Now that my son is 3 years old , its used mainly for our dogs but its still nice to keep it up when I dont want our son out of my sight . Its super sturdy and our cats can jump right over it when they want to , which I like , because I dont want to have to keep opening it for them all day . My older son is 8 years old and can open it with the foot pedal with no problems now . You have to be over about 60 lbs or so to push on the pedal to open the gate so even now my 3 year still cant open it ! It doesnt screw into our wall so its great to move it when/if I need to . It stays in place and works great even when our Boxer puts his front paws on the top of it ! When we have guests over to visit , we can put our dog on the other side of it and he cant get to us . I just love this gate and we 've had it for nearly 3 years now and it still works like its brand new !!
 We bought ours to keep our toddler in check . It has a really solid metal construction . It opens and closes both ways with no hands . I ca n't count the number of times that I 've been thankful for that ! Once we got our puppy , it proved even more useful . The bars of the gate are solid , and therefore chew-proof . It 's weakest point is plastic foot pedal , and even that was tough enough to resist being destroyed by a frustrated chewing puppy.Installation was a breeze , and I can install and remove it without marring or putting screw holes in the doorjamb.If you have toddlers , or dogs , or both , it 's worth every penny .
 Kids ca n't open this even if you have two five year olds on both sides trying . It is for operated so hands are free . It is very easy for an adult to open . Had a couple of children decide it was a swing and because they were bigger kids they broke hing of gate and I immediately ordered another one , have a child care and would not be without this product .
 I do n't have kids . I bought this gate to keep my dog out of the bathroom where I keep my cat 's litter box because he loves to mine for treasure , which is horrifyingly gross and makes a mess . I had been using an old pressure mount gate that I had to move to get through because I 'm too short to step over it . It was a real pain.Enter this gate . It is attractive , works from both sides , has a convenient foot pedal for when I 'm carrying things like laundry , and wonder of wonders , that satisfying CLACK that it makes when it closes is simply divine . I ca n't say enough good things about this gate . The cat can fit right through the bars , but she jumps over it because she 's a showoff.One caveat
 With two rambunctious dogs and a baby on the way I wanted a gate I could have my hands full and still open . This is perfect . My husband was skeptical about the foot pedal opening at first . But my 3 yr old niece came over , tried to get in the nursery and it would n't budge !! Love it !
 for a gate with a door , this is the way to go . my only caution , truly , is in installing the step-plate . after seating it lightly in place , be certain to squeeze in its u-shape so all of the securing tabs slide smoothly into their respective slots . it 's easy , do n't get me wrong . we just lived for a few days with two of the tabs unseated , and i can see where the operation and longevity would suffer . also -- it 's just the right height for a light hip-check to open ; there is no knee-plate , regardless of the photos showing so -LRB- and there is no anti-trip ramp for the base , either , so just go ahead and add the really-does-work-like-a-dream tee-zed dreambaby no-trip gate ramp to your cart right now :-RRB- it has ** saved ** us . -RRB-
 This gate has definitely met our needs . We use it to block off the kitchen from the family room . We had to buy the extension and that was very easy to add . Our son is now 13 months old & he definitely knows the foot pedal has something to do with opening it , but it should be a while before he can exact that much pressure .
 Very sturdy/easy to use baby gate . One thing to notice is the length is just big enough for doorways but not much else , so make sure to measure !
 This is a well made gate , was n't difficult for my husband to install , and i LOVE that it has a foot pedal to open the gate when my hands are full . It opens in either direction which is also nice .
 We needed to spend the extra money on an extension to make it fit in our hallway . The &#34; special &#34; tool needed to adjust it is kind of awkward to use and the foot release is very hard to press down . Even my 6 and 8 year old have a hard time with it .
 Great gate for a bedroom doorway . It is very easy to use especially when you are carring a baby . I originally bought this for the top of the stairs , the description said for use on stairs , but the directions advise against it .
 This is the 4th different gate that we 've used & we love it . It was so easy & quick to install . It is very sturdy - we tried pushing & pulling on it ourselves . The foot pedal requires a little force , but it is n't hard . It closes easily . It can also stay open if you want it to.We just ordered another because we see it can be installed very low since it can be installed on top of baseboards if they are flat .
 We have an aging dog who needs to be isolated when our active grandkids come to visit . I 've had this gate for about a year now and absolutely love it . The gate is so easy to open & close that we leave it up , between our kitchen and laundry room , even when the grandkids are n't visiting . The gate swings open in either direction and can be left open when not in use . In my opinion , it 's much more attractive than the wooden/plastic gates . I highly recommend this gate.Word of Caution
 This item is great to not only help with new crawlers , but works very well for animals . We bought this to help keep our labrador and cat out of our kids rooms at all times . It keeps the dog hair and dander off their floors and their beds ! Love this and they love it too , because they can get in and out and it is like their own private door to their castle !
 Wow ! We use this baby gate to keep our dogs in one side of the kitchen . The gate is positioned between the wall and the counter . We have to open it every time we go into the eating area , so it gets opened and shut dozens of times every day . You can open it with your feet and knees if your hands are full . Kids have hung on it , slammed it , kicked it , you name it and it has worked perfectly for over 15 years !!!!!! One of the catch pins has finally broken and I am shopping for another . I will not even consider a different brand .
 Between me and my housemates , my child , their three foster children , and my five dogs , we 've been through every gate on the market , including some things rigged up that were n't meant to be gates . This is by far the best . It 's seriously the best design ever , I wish all my doors in my house worked this well ! It just opens when you step on it - my 6 year old can operate it by really putting a jump into it , but my dogs and the younger kids ca n't budge it . It swings cleanly and closes with a click , no drama , you do n't have to slam it or hold the latch open to close it . It 's great - do n't buy anything else , there are a TON of crappy gates on the market .
 I like the step function . It stays in place really well . But I also like how it 's taller than other gates . Not an eyesore either .
 This gate was easy to install and it is very easy to operate . My three year old is n't heavy enough to open it , either . It takes an adult 's weight .
 This gate is perfect ! It looks great and works just like it says . Be sure to measure your door . I did n't and had to use this in a different door and get something even wider for the original door ! I love this gate .
 Length :
 This gate is very nice . Not only is it sturdy but it looks good too ! I just had my son in January and we got this gate for multiple reasons . We have two dogs that sleep in our room at night and before our son was born we kept our bedroom door shut to keep them from roaming the house . This gate allows us to keep our door open so we can hear our son in the next room while still keeping the dogs confined . I wanted a gate that you could pressure mount because we rent our house and when my son starts moving around I want to be able to move the gate to where we need it . There are only two things I 'm not fond of with this gate
 HIGHLY recommend this gate . Soo much better than a fixed one ! Easy to set up , and operate-It is VERY sturdy as installed.Gate is tall & ours came with a rounded top which is pleasing to the eye.Purchased the First Years gate to replace a simple plastic fixed one & wish we had done it sooner as it really is better than hopping over the old one everytime we want to go in the kitchen!Our now 4 year old needs to be able to enter the kitchen but we need to keep the toddler out.The gate 's assembly was simple enough to put together . It did take some time to adjust the sides that allow the gate to close , but it was easily done even with very curious small children about.Looked at many reviews both here and on the BRU website . Sale price here was better than their choices even w / a 15 % off coupon .
 It 's a great gate . We installed it in about 10 minutes , it looks great - it 's subtle and blends in , and it 's easy to use while carrying other things or when your hands are n't free . Our baby loves to hang out on it practicing standing as well .
 Love this gate . We suddenly had trouble with our dog relieving himself in my daughter 's room since she returned home from college . Why , who knows . She would forget to close her door , so I thought the gate may help.It took awhile for me to figure out the right tension , but now that I seem to have it right , the gate is great . Love the hands free feature , even though I may have my hands free . Now that the tension is right , the gate swings free and you can push it open wider with your knee , if you so chose . If the tension is not right , the gate will not swing free or open at all.Our dog respects the gate when its closed , so it serves its purpose of keeping him out so he ca n't do his mischief , while giving you easy access if needed . I do have a small dog , though he is agile enough I think he could get over the gate if he really wanted . My friend has this gate -LRB- which is how I first learned about it -RRB- and she has a bigger dog -LRB- medium sized - 30 to 35 lbs -RRB- , who also respects the gate . So as long as you have a fairly well behaved dog -LRB- not a rebel who will not respect any barrier -RRB- , this should work to keep him/her out of the room you want to block off.I do recommend this .
 Purchased two of these gates to keep my dogs in the kitchen/family room area . They 're both tiny , so they can get through the sides . I do n't want to take any stars away , because that 's simply not a manufacturing flaw . Some tape on the sides solved that problem . They 're very solid and I love the pedals ! If you need these gates for a baby or an animal , I strongly recommend them !
 This gate is for baby # 3 . I have been through many gates and done much research . This gate impresses me . Even though it doesnt wall mount with screws , it is very stable . I was able to install it in just a few minutes very easily !! It is attractive and works very well .
 Bought these because we have two new Golden Retriever puppies . They work GREAT ! Keeps puppies -LRB- or kids ! -RRB- in or out whichever you need . Very sturdy and well constructed . You can definitely open it with one foot if your hands are full and it easily closes with the push of a knee . Will last longer than you need it to . Highly recommended .
 This is a great product . I love the locking mechanism . It was easy to use and required a lot of force on the foot pedal to open it . My 4-year old could open it no problem -LRB- which was my desire -RRB- and it kept the 1-year old in perfectly.Alas , I will be returning it because their 29 '' minimum is a hard minimum . The doorway I wanted to use this for is about 283/4 '' . Even being lever with removing the nut and swapping it with some narrower washers , it still would n't work . If I was willing to shear off the bottom , hinge-side bolt it would have worked -LRB- there is a metal barrier inside that bolt hole that makes removal of the nut useless . But even then it would require a lot of work shimmying -LRB- sp ? -RRB- into place as the vertical metal bars are just a little bit less than 29 '' .
 I looked at a number of different child/pet gates before deciding on this one . We use three of these gates in various doors to separate areas that are off-limits for dogs . They are easy to use -- the foot pedal release is very handy . We had to replace one after about a year-and-a-half -- the plastic top hinge broke and was resistant to all of my repair efforts -- that gate is used with a width-extender and I wonder if that had anything to do with the failure -- ca n't see how , but that is the only thing different from the other two.Gate is easy to install . Mounting in a doorway where you may want to close the door behind it is a problem because the foot pedal is too large . I solved that problem by sawing about an inch off of one side of the foot pedal . It 's not as easy to hit the pedal , but a minor inconvenience and the door does closeThis is a well-made and nicely finished product , especially for Amazon 's price .
 We 've had our gate for almost 3 years and have not had a problem at all . We are pretty tough on the gate too , so I was surprised to read how the gate was n't holding up in other households . Our toddler understands how to use the gate , but can not put enough pressure on the pedal to open the gate . He weighs 28 pounds . We are getting ready to purchase another one right now !
 We needed a sturdy gate at the top of our stairs that was pressure mounted because we had to mount it on both sides to our wood balusters . We did tons of research and finally settled on this one . We could n't be happier with our pick ! It is extremely sturdy , does n't move in the slightest -LRB- and we use it ALL day long -RRB- , and is well built . The hands-free option is an absolute must if you 're getting this because you have small children . I can step on the release and nudge the gate open with my knee , so my hands are still securely on my child in my arms . I can not imagine a child being able to open it because it does take quite a bit of pressure , in fact , our two year tries to step on it and ca n't budge it . The gate swings nicely in both directions and easily latches back in place . I do n't especially like that the bar is underneath , but I also understand that there 's no way around it . I will say that at least the designers tried to alleviate the annoyance of the bar by adding in slopping plastic mounds around the bar . They 're not great but definitely better than just the bar . We also had to get the extension and it works great . Like other reviewers , I should mention that when you order the extension it 's only ONE extension -LRB- I think about 5 inches or so -RRB- , not two separate extensions , which is a little misleading in the description . We were right on the edge of needing another extension but it actually works great with just the one . Also , when you pull it out of the box it appears be bent , but it 's made that way and it works once it 's in . It 's also easy to assemble and install . I highly recommend this gate ! We might even get another one for the bottom of the stairs because it works so well .
 The gate is well made and works as advertised . The shipping carton was damaged and the packaging did not fully protect the gate which had some scratches .
 I bought this product as a dog gate for my boston terrier puppy . I love the step feature . Our other gate I was having to step over each time and it was a real pain . This gate is also quite tall which is nice . The installation was simple and unlike the gates that drill into the wall , this gate does not leave holes and can be moved easily . Great gate , great value !
 This is a fantastic gate ! It is extremely easy to set up , and very strong and sturdy . It is very easy to use , even my 4 year old can open and close it by herself ... but the baby can not . We have 2 and recommend them to everyone with babies on the move !
 I looked at several gates and this is the one for me ! I love the `` hands free '' feature . Just a quick step on the lever and a pop of the knee on the plate installed on the gate and it opens right up . Easy to install and no damage to the door jam . All in all , this is a great gate for the price .
 I own three , yes three , of these gates , to reign in my gloriously active , insane 15 month old . He rattles them , teethes on them , and slams them closed -LRB- when I forget and leave them open -RRB- -- and not one move out place , scratch , or dent on my wall . They are all in high traffic areas , too . They open and close shut very easily and install in minutes . I was very lucky -- my first attempt at buying a gate and I found a great one on the first shot . Highly , highly recommended .
 We 've owned this for over two months now . I just love this gate .1 . Does not require holes to be put in the walls .2 . Stays securely in place -LRB- my 1 yr old has tested that out -RRB- .3 . Opens easily so you do n't have to keep climbing over it .3 . High enough that the dog wo n't get over it -LRB- Rottweiler -RRB- . I would definately purchase this gate again and again : o -RRB-
 I 've used a bunch of different baby gates over the years to contain both toddlers and dogs . This Hands Free gate is by far the best I 've ever owned . It is very sturdy , stays in place , and the foot latch works easily . I would suggest purchasing at least one gate extension with this gate . Without an extension the gate will only fit a standard bedroom door . It will not fit in a hallway without at least one extension . Save yourself some shipping by ordering the gate and the extension at the same time .
 We bought this for our daughters playroom , bottom of stairs , and for another room in the house . This gate is a great buy ; very sturdy .
 I had initially purchased this gate about 6 years ago to block off my back door from my 90lbs . yellow lab . This gate lasted not only through the wear and tear of the outdoor elements , but the pouncing and jumping of my dog -LRB- especially during bad weather -RRB- . So , when it came time to buy a gate for my toddlers this was the gate of choice . I do like the new ramp that was added to prevent tripping over the threshold . I wish they made one for large door openings . : -RRB-
 This gate is very good . I like that it 's hands free . It 's very sturdy , and as much as my child tries to get out , she ca n't . I did have to by the extension . It 's very easy to set up . The only problem I found was securing the gett to the walls . The feet that secured it to the wall interfered with the molding so I had to raise the gate a little bit .
 It 's easy to install and operate . You push down the pedal and can open the gate with your knee hands free if you want -LRB- a total bonus -RRB- . I do agree that the opening is a bit narrow , but well worth the trade off to have an easy to install , user-friendly option . It 's pressure mounted , but locks in solid and secure . Very sturdy and worth the money .
 After returning a set of inexpensive gates because they were totally flimsy and finding this one , I am so glad I went with this gate . We got this gate to section off a hallway that leads to our basement stairs . It is great quality . Very easy to install and very sturdy . I love the hands free feature . I was concerned that my son would be able to press the pedal and open it but it takes a good amount of pressure so I do n't think he 'll be able to work it . It is not a gate that you can move different places as you have to use the included wrench to tighten it up and this takes several minutes , but if you have a permanent place where you need a good gate this one is highly recommended .
 We bought this gate to keep our son out of the kitchen . It was very easy to install . The adjustable screws are gerat if you have molding around the base of your walls . All 4 points of contact adjust seperatly so the moldings does n't get in the way.The foot pedal is very easy to use and is great when you have your hands full . Some reviewers have comented on the durability of the gate and pedal . We have used our gate for over a year and not had any problem with anything breaking . It is in a pretty high traffic area and shows no signs of wear and tear.Our son is a climber and he ca n't climb over the gate and even though he has figured out how the gate works he simply is not heavy enough to use the pedal.The only word of caution is if you have a door way that is wider than normal it may not fit , so check the specs before buying .
 Both my husband and I love this Hands Free Baby Gate . It 's simple to install and use . It 's also very convenient . We did n't want to have to take down or step over a baby gate when we went to the back of our house . This gate is great for a high traffic area .
 This is our second gate like this . Our first gate we purchased the extension for it . They are easy to install and leave no permanent marks on walls our doorjams . Very easy to operate when your hands are full and too complicated for a child .
 I moved into a condo and needed a gate for the patio to keep my French Bulldog in . I knew the gate was too narrow when I ordered it as I had measured the space.So I also bought the extensions & they are just great ! I am 67 years old with cancer & bad heart , this gate makes life easier , I like that!Big Al
 Have a beagle pup that is quite the escape artist . This does n't allow him to get any purchase to climb over and get himself into mischief .
 We have this gate at the bottom of our steps and the gate is terrific . It 's so easy to step on and open and push closed yet too difficulot for our 2 year old to step on and open . We love the pressure gate aspect too . We were happy to not drill holes in our new walls .
 This has to be the best gate I 've found for the money . It 's very sturdy and not flimsy , easy to install , and the hands-free opening and closing has been the greatest feature . More often than not , my hands are full with baby or laundry basket and all I have to do is step on the pedal and push the gate with my knee , tap it closed on the way through - easy ! It 's perfect for a high-traffic area which is not the case for many baby gates . I had been concerned that a baby might be able to open the gate but it takes a good amount of foot-pressure on the pedal to do so . I will definitely be purchasing at least one more !
 I love that this gate is hands-free . Works well ! Very sturdy . It 's a breeze to open it with your foot .
 The gate works great for us - -LSB- ... -RSB- and -LSB- . . -RSB- get in and out fine . We actually ordered a second one to replace an existing gate -LRB- plus two extensions - ouch , those are expensive -RRB- . Our first gate is either bent or is wearing out , though - you need to either seriously force it shut , or hold the pedal down when closing . The new one works fine . I 'll have to wait and see if it 's a wear factor -LRB- the little pins do n't seem to go back in the holes as easily now -RRB- , or just the misalignment from the kids hanging on it .
 The reviews on this gate convinced my husband and me to order this gate for our 1 year old son -LRB- the great price was an added plus -RRB- . I installed this in my kitchen in a doorway near the basement stairs in approx . 20 minutes by myself . I love it !! We previously had a gate that we had to step over installed in this same doorway and I was so tired of hurdling over it w/laundry , etc. . This gate is sturdy and just what we were looking for - so thank you for all of the great reviews that helped us which is why I wanted to let others know what we think as well !!
 Originally purchased October 2002It 's easy to follow instructions with regard to installation , comes with it 's own tool . Goes up in minutes , I also did n't need the extension.We purchased the gate for the entrance into my kitchen , so imagine how many times we 've used it over the past year ... countless times . It 's still holding up . YOU CAN NOT break this gate ! Made of a durable metal -LRB- not sure if it 's aluminum -RRB- - the finish has n't chipped , the hinge is still in great condition , it still looks new . The only problem we 're experiencing with it , is because of constant use and my 11 year old daughter always leaning on it before she swings it open , the rubber grip that 's on one of the adjustable pieces that sit on the wall is ripped . Once they are removed the gate can not sit on the wall securely . I 'm going to contact the company and ask for a replacement . But keep in mind the abuse we 've given the gate in the first place.My son 's a very active 31 lbs and 29 months old boy and is still secure outside of it . So do n't hesitate , go ahead and buy the gate , it 's worth it 's weight in gold with regard to your child 's safety . Just think of how many gates you 'd have to buy to hold up to the abuse that this one took , let alone having the hands free feature . I can cook in my kitchen and never worry about my son being between my legs , possibly hurting himself . Good luck with your decision and I hope this helped.Update
 I ca n't say enough about this gate . It 's incredibly easy to install ; does n't destroy your woodwork or your floor due to the rubber stoppers on the end of each pressure mount ; the surface is very , very easy to clean ; it 's easy to operate ; I love the little curved `` step '' at the bottom so you ca n't trip over the bottom of the gate and that the door opens BOTH ways ; it 's VERY stable -LRB- once it 's in position tightly , that 's it - you ca n't move it until you loosen the pressure mounts -RRB- . Even if I have a load of laundry in my hands , coming upstairs blind and have to open the gate , a push with my foot and tap with my knee and it 's open . Then push back with my foot and it 's closed . It 's WONDERFUL ! We have two and they have been indespinsable . Not to mention the fact that there are no little parts to pinch my son 's curious little fingers ! That is a big plus in my book . It 's also very easy to move to another room if you have to.My little `` engineer '' has tried and tried and tried his hardest to get the gate to work for him , using all manner of methods , even force , and to date has not successfully operated it . He has n't been able to figure out a way to get it to open for him yet , though he tries and tries to `` bounce '' various things on the pedal to get it to open . I think he 's finally given up.This , in my humble opinion , is the best gate for the money going . Highly , highly recommended.I love this gate - would n't have another one and have recommended it to all my friends .
 We looked at all the gates . Having a new baby and a very large dog , I knew I did not want one of those gates you have to fight with , removing it every time you need to go by , then having to readjust it after you 've passed . Eventually you wind up just trying to climb over them because with a baby in your arms it 's just too difficult . This gate on the other hand is awesome ! Even half asleep , with baby in arms , you just step on the peddle and push gate open with your knee , push closed behind you . I never had to worry about our large dog getting through . One night we really put this gate through a test , when I found my very large 90 pound dog standing up against the gate . It did not budge . It 's convenient , easy , and excellent quality . The best purchase we made . I am so glad we spent more to get something that has made life so much easier .
 We purchased this baby gate and like it very much . I did have to convince my husband to purchase it at the time . We use it in the doorway to our basement and it has been very handy to use the stepper to open it . Our son is now almost two and has stepped on the stepper himself without opening it . It has been safe to our satisfaction . Definitely worth the extra money .
 This gate is great ! It is extremely easy for any adult to open this gate ... Hands Free ! That 's important . Parents ' hands are usually full . Plus , there is no awkward `` jumping over '' that has to be done with this gate . Another plus , no hardware is necessary to secure a snug fit . One suggestion I would have would be to measure your doorway before you buy this and realize you need an extention . Most standard doorways are fine , but you never know ! One complaint
 I bought this gate to keep my first son -LRB- now 31/2 -RRB- away from the steps . I have since moved to a new house and had another baby . I now have it in the baby 's doorway . It gets opened and closed alot . My older son used to like to hang on it and the top hinge finally snapped . I wrote the company and asked them if it could be fixed , but they replied that it could not . But if I sent them my address , they would send me postage to send it back to them and replace it with a new one . I was so happy I didnt have to shell out another $ 50 . I just got my new gate yesterday , and I could n't be happier . It 's simple to install , use , and my older son still can not climb over it . Some of the other gates have little holes that kids can stick their feet into and hop right over , but not this one . Excellent gate .
 We originally purchased this gate for our dogs , we restricted them to a specific area in the house most of the other gates did not extend the length that we needed , with this gate we were able to get the extensions and it 's perfect , it also looks great , we always get comments from our guests as were we got it . It 's also very easy to use , we are getting another for another section , and now with the new baby on the way will be getting that same gate .
 I read the reviews from Amazon on this gate a decided to purchase it based on them . My only concern was the pedals breaking . When I got the gate , I saw that they had replaced the pedal with a heavier duty one . I put the gate up , -LRB- easy install -RRB- and have had no problems . My daughter is ten months and 23 lbs . This gate is a savior from us running down the hall every 30 seconds .
 We love this gate . We liked it because it was pressure mounted . The foot pedal lets you open the door both ways . We 've have it for 2 months . So Perfect that we wish it was bigger so that we could install it in the other wall , but the extensions that come with it are n't long enough .
 I used this gate to keep my dogs out of the bedroom but still allow my cats access . It fits securely in the doorway without having to drill holes and has stood up to the beating my dogs have given it . The hands free part is great for when your hands are full and to keep from having to take the gate on and off all the time . I would recommend this gate to anyone looking to secure kids , dogs , etc. in/out of an area .
 This is a very nice gate , Im not sure about the price of it after putting it up . It is all steel construction besides the release step . Once its screwed into place -LRB- which -RRB- the plastic wrench is not enough to do it , it works great , and is mostly hands free . The price is the only thing that made me wonder , but still glad I purchased .
 The gate is perfect for keeping my two puppies in the pantry .
 Rachel , My Husband and I had the same problem and I thought there was no way the top was going to come together I actually thought the first one I bougth was broke and took it back only to get the same exact thing the second time around . What you are going to have to do is one you have it in the door and some what secure where it is standing on its own . You have to adjust only the top part keep on pulling the top bar back and making the gray screws tighter on both sides it takes a bit of muscle but you and your husband together should be able to do it if we can you can do n't give up b/c this is a by far a wonderful gate.Keeah BabernitchPs
 ... in medical bills ! Previously , we had a cheap wood , stationary gate in our hallway . I must have hefted my pregnant self and my 10 month old over that gate a hundred times a day and it was taking a serious toll on my back and knees . After about the 10th time I nearly fell over the darn thing , I went to find a new gate and saw this one . Next day I picked up at BRU -LRB- I had to get the extender peice too -RRB- and installed it.WONDERFUL . Sturdy , tall , nice to look at and it opens effortlessly . Could n't be more thrilled . Everyone who has used it loves it because there is no fussing with latches or handgrips . Just step and nudge .
 We love this gate ! It 's very sturdy -LRB- our 22 month old hangs on it -RRB- and it 's nice to be able to get through the gate while holding her . In our case , our 8 year old has never had a problem opening this gate and we have n't had any issues with anything breaking off -LRB- and this is the gate we use most often -RRB- .
 I needed to section off my kitchen from the living room so I could monitor my puppy better and this gate was one of my best investments.The pressure mounts do n't scuff the walls , and it 's so incredibly convenient to be able to walk through it.An added bonus , the kids know to stay out of the kitchen too , say if we 're cooking.I have n't had anything break on it and my 45lb . dog has n't knocked it over or jumped over it yet . The only thing I will complain about is that its a little bit of a task to tighten the mounts . Other than that though , great product !
 I have researched every gate on the market at this point . So far we are extremely happy with this gate . We wanted pressure mounted gates but I was concerned that the opening of this particular gate would not be wide enough for my husband . I thought that he would have to turn sideways to get through the door and would not like it once used on a regular basis . So far we are very satisfied customers and my husband can walk straight through the opening so the width meets our needs better than I anticipated .
 My wife and I had gone through about 8 types of baby gates , including 5 or 6 for the entryway that connects living room and kitchen . Part of the problem is that the entryway is extra wide -- over 50 inches -- and we had trouble finding gates wide enough just to fit . After several frustrating attempts at finding a decent gate -LRB- including resultant trips back to the baby store for refunds/exchanges -RRB- , we finally bought this foot-pedal operated gate -LRB- with 2 extensions -RRB- and it works awesome . It 's absolutely the nicest gate we have ever bought . Although our son -LRB- 18 months , ~ 28 pounds -RRB- has an idea of - how - it works , the foot pedal requires far too much pressure for him to get it to open . This gate should be usable until he 's at least 35 , if not 40 pounds . In addition , since it 's made of metal bars and not some sort of crisscross pattern , my child can not stick his toes in it and try to climb over -- all he can do is step up on the bottom metal bar , which is only about 3 inches off the ground.As an added bonus , the gate is tall enough to keep kids out but not so tall that my cat ca n't jump over it easily.Only caveats I can think of : + You have to tighten the tension screws periodically . + The gate opening is a few inches narrower than would be ideal , so if you 're `` wide '' like me you have to get used to kind of side-stepping through it . + By default , the gate makes an audible `` click '' when it closes , which can wake a light-sleeping child ; but with a little practice , you can get it to close soundlessly . + The wrench provided for tightening is plastic , and once the tension screws get tight the wrench tends to slip off them a little too easily.All in all I would definitely recommend this gate to anyone . I only wish they made a hardware-mounted version for the tops of stairways .
 This is a wonderful gate when you have your hands full , as I often do . We 've used gates for years with our pets , and this is by far superior to any others we 've used . We actually went out and bought a second gate when we saw how great they are .
 I looked at other reviews before buying . Some said the parts -LRB- the part you step on to open the gate -RRB- were plastic and broke easily . Not true . While it is plastic , it 's extremely durable and works like a charm . You 'd really have to try to break it . Excellent product .
 This gate works great ! We bought it to supplement a number of gates that we had professionally installed throughout the house . In some ways this is even better than the others . No holes to drill . It swings freely both ways and can be opened without hands . I highly recommend this gate .
 This is a great gate . I installed it in minutes and I 'm still surprised at how securely it is set at the bottom of our staircase . I have to jiggle it each time I go through just to check and there is absolutely no movement.It is very easy to open , even from up on a step . It requires just enough pressure from an adult foot to open it up but not so much that it makes it cumbersome when descending or ascending the stairs.My son -LRB- and his older cousins -RRB- can not climb this gate which is wonderful . And they can not open it or get it to budge . They 've all given up trying!The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 stars is because , as others have mentioned , the opening is small . I 'm 7 months pregnant and I have to carefully maneuver my way through the gate with my 14 month old on my hip so neither of us get hit by the side ! They really should make the opening a bit more reasonable by adding a couple inches !
 Before I got pregnant we purchased almost every gate on the market in an effort to try to corral our 3 dogs . Gate after gate failed the tests , and soon we gave up on the idea entirely.When we found out the baby was on the way I was not very hopeful that we would find a gate that would hold up to the 3 dogs and the baby . We purchased the hands free gate with low expectations , but we were extrememly impressed to find that this gate really works !! It 's easy to install , use and it 's secure !! Our 8 month old can stand on one side , the 3 dogs on the other and no matter how hard any of them try , the gate wo n't budge . This is the best baby product we 've every purchased and we rave about it to anyone who will listen !! We 're very impressed !
 UPDATE
 Bought this gate three months ago to help keep my puppy safe in the kitchen while we are gone during the day . It has worked like a charm ! No more wooden busted up gates to lift each time or climb over ! OUr puppy was actually climbing the wooden gates by placing her paws inbetween the fencing ! Not only could she have gotten hurt , but think about this ... if she can fit her paws in there then surely a toddler could figure that out too ! The HandsFreeGate eliminates the worry your child may climb it . They ca n't on this gate ! All of my friends will get this gate at their baby showers !
 I have this gate in my hallway upstairs and I love it ! Yes the passthrough on the gate is a little smaller then others , but it has n't bothered me a bit . And , they now are making the mechanics of the foot pedal out of metal and just the covering is plastic . :-RRB- We got out of buying the extension kit by going to the lumber yard and getting two scrap 2 x 4 pieces , spraying them white , and putting them on either side inbetween the gate and wall .
 We use this gate to block baby from going into the kitchen . But the primary entrance/exit to our house is via the kitchen , so we needed something easy to open with your hands full . Voila , the hands-free gate ! It is great , you can open and close it with your foot and knee just like the other reviews state . We had to buy 2 extensions , one on each side of the gate to cover the opening to our kitchen . They work great , we have had no problems . I have two complaints , but they do not outweigh how much I like this gate
 The hands-freeness of this gate makes me so happy . I can walk through it with a baby in my arms and other junk in my hands , and I do n't have any trouble getting it open . The foot pedal requires a lot of pressure , so my five year old has a hard time getting in and out , but that is okay because sometimes I want to keep her out of the kitchen , too ! The installation was a breeze , and the gate has not moved a millimeter since I put it up despite being pulled on by both the baby and the five year-old . And what pleases me most is that I can not find a place anywhere on the gate for fingers to be pinched at any stage of being open , closed or closing . We are using one extension with this gate . The measurements of it -LRB- the gate -RRB- and what space it will fit -LRB- with/without extensions -RRB- is accurate too .
 My house is a study in baby gates . With two small dogs and a toddler we have become experts in sectioning off our house . This is the third First Years Hands-Free gate we have purchased so obviously we like the product and I think it is one of the most useful gates we have . It is easy to open when your hands are full and my toddler ca n't open it -LRB- even though she knows how from watching us - she just is n't heavy enough and wo n't be anytime soon -RRB- . Also , this gate is nice in that it does n't swing itself closed . There are places where a self-closing gate is nice but in the places we have these gates the ability to hold themselves open is a plus.That said , this is a newer model and I think that they took away a couple of nice features that were in the old model -LRB- not that some of the pictures above are the old model vs. the new -RRB- . 1 -RRB- The nicest feature they eliminated was the `` anti-trip '' base on this model . The older ones had a plastic ramp that fit on the bottom of the gate which made it more difficult to trip on the bottom . This ramp also allowed the gate to stand-up by itself while you were attaching it or to just use it somewhere temporarily . When I noticed it did n't include this anymore I almost returned the gate because it was such a nice feature . 2 -RRB- They also got rid of the knee pad you can use when pushing the door open with your knee . Not a big deal but it was a nice addition -LRB- note that even some of the pictures of the new model show it with the knee pad -RRB- . Lastly , it is too bad that when they changed the design they did n't consider making a wider model . The gate does n't work very door frames because the foot pedal gets in the way . In our house this gate is a natural fit in hallways so it would be really nice if they made a wider version -LRB- with a wider walk-through -RRB- specifically designed for hallways .
 We 've used several of these sturdy easy to use gates for over 10 years in our home based group childcare caring for up to 10 children at a time ranging in ages from newborns to kindergarten . We 've never had any problems with these gates . The company has excellent customer support , so if a part wears out or breaks occasionally expect them to send replacements promptly at no charge . These gates stand up to very high traffic usage and are a breeze to open and close hands free with the foot pedal . We 've tried all kinds of gates in 19 years of our childcare business and this gate is by far the easiest to use , most reliable , sturdy , intelligently made and it 's simply the best !
 This is a very nice , sturdy gate -- it obviously will serve its purpose . That said , the foot pedal requires a strong push down and then a coinciding push on the gate with your knee -LRB- per the instruction booklet -RRB- to be opened . Do n't think that this gate will open as easily as a pedal on a garbage can or something like that , which obviously makes it baby proof . Still , if you 're choosing between a pedal gate and a more traditional hand-operated gate , just know that the pedal requires a bit of effort .
 Love it , looks and works great and my mother in law with arthritis can open it with out pain medication . Works great with dog and baby and needs enough pressure that it will be quite a while before the kid can operate it on her own ... she 'll be climbing over before she can open it . It appears that the bad reviews on this item are mostly due to not reading directions on how to install it . Super easy when you know what you are doing .
 We have two of these gates for different areas of the house and they truly are the best . You can walk through this gate literally hands free ; I can carry my daughter and a plate of food or other object and not have to set either down to pull/push a lever , you use your foot and knee to get through the gate.We also have another walk-through gate but it 's not a `` hands free '' gate like this one . You have to pull up on the walk-through part itself and then swing it out . It 's inconvenient but still better than stepping over it . We had to buy this kind because this particular doorway was too wide for the hands free gate and the extensions would n't make it wide enough . That 's the only draw back ; the gate does n't extend wide enough even with the extensions to fit my 46 '' wide doorway . I wish they would make one that does -LRB- maybe they do but I have n't seen it ?? -RRB- I think it would be a perfect baby shower gift even if the person did n't ask for it . I did n't even know these type of gates existed -LRB- the gates I had were hand-me-downs and the kind you have to step over -RRB- until I found this one at a thrift store . After installing it , I immediately went on Amazon and ordered another . It 's easy to install too ! **** December 1st 2007 , over one year later and still going strong ! I have had no problems with these gates . They have n't fallen apart , my toddler still ca n't work them herself and they have kept her out of rooms but not us adults . This really is the best gate -- so very easy to install -LRB- we 've moved them about over the year to different door ways -RRB- and very stable . I 've run into the gate and my daughter will stand at the gates shaking them like she 's in jail but they do n't budge or if they do they can easily be tightened . They have never fallen over and they must get used 20 times a day walking in and out of a room .
 I researched all the reviews on gates , and decided on this one . It had a positive response from others , so I decided to spend the extra money . This is a great gate . I had to buy the extentions , but the assembly is very easy ! Just make sure to use the wrench provided to tighten the top part of the gate together . The foot pedal is easy , yet your young children wo n't be able to open it . My dogs and cats even ca n't get past the gate . I was suprised to see that my cats do n't try to jump over it . Highly recommend !
 My husband and I bought this gate 3.5 years ago to keep our dog out of a restricted part of our home . Its still works great and is our favorite gate . We are now adding a second one to our home in preparation of our new child . The best thing I like about the gate is you do n't have to screw it into the wall and leave holes in it when you are done using it . We bought a differant gate before this one and it damaged our walls badly . Luckily a family member told us about how great this gate was and so we ended up buying it . One disadvantage about this gate is that small kids will have trouble opening the gate , and you may have to explain how to open it to all your guests.This gate is so easy to use . All that is required is using your foot to press on the pedal and your knee to open the door .
 I am very happy with this gate and would recommend it . Very secure , and easy to install . Looks good , too.Here is just a little info I would have liked to know beforehand : Our doorway is just under 33.5 '' wide at the bottom , 34 '' at the top , so I purchased 1 extension , thinking the gate would not be very secure without it at the upper end of the 29-34 '' range specified . But with the extension , it 's just too wide to fit . Without the extension , it is not wobbly at all , and as secure as you can get without a permenant gate . I would n't go past 34 '' , though . If the extension fits , I 'd use it.Since it 's pressure mounted , the top of the gate is an inch away from the latch when it 's not installed . When properly installed , it 's squeezed together for a perfect fit.The pressure mounting pads are located right at the bottom of the wall . We have a small 1/2 '' wood molding around our kitchen floor , and had to remove a small section of it to have a flat surface for them . Not a big deal .
 Good : - Easy to open with one hand.-Works great for keeping the dog out of the nursery.-Really like the pressure mounting , easy to install.Bad : - Gate creeks
 We have a 100 pound dog that rules the house so we were no strangers to gates . However for some unknown reason we did n't consider the gate a necessity until we got pregnant . For over 3.5 years we used a wooden gate that we just leaned against the door opening , when we needed to lock our dog in a particular room . When we learned that we were expecting we quickly realized that we were going to have to come up with a more permanent solution . My husband 's parents who had a dog and two walking grandkids already , owned several of these gates . So after a little research we decided to try this gate.As soon as we bought the gates we were in love with them . The installation takes only a few minutes . The gate can be fitted with any shape door opening and it is not permanent so no damage to the house is done and the gate can be moved around if you so desire . Once installed it is very easy to use . It opens in either direction and the door stays open if you do n't needed locked . The locking mechanism works great and it is truly hand 's free.LOVE IT . GREAT PRODUCT !
 We got this gate plus two extensions , one for either side , almost a month ago for our triplets who just turned a year old . We were concerned at first if the extra extensions would be able to support the three babies sufficiently . It does ! The only downfall , which I 've seen mentioned a few times before , is that the available width space does n't match up with what the gate says it can support . So if you get this and are running to the border of width , add that extra extension for sure so it 's not wobbling . And after measuring and you think using the gate with both extentions will just barely fit , try it , but more than likely it will be wobbly a bit . Just keep that in mind . Otherwise , this is a great gate ! We have the added baseboards along the bottom of our walls plus the tiny toe boards and because this is all pressure mounted it adjusts great . Just take your time and get things even and straight . It does n't take long to set up , 15-20 minutes tops . It works great for us since we live in military base housing and want to avoid putting holes in the walls to fill in later . It 's odd at first to get used to the foot petal but once you get used to it , it 's a lifesaver ! We have the Clear View Gate on the playroom which we love but for the kitchen doorway we needed something wider and more convenient with the smaller swing door since we use the kitchen more . The bar on the bottom took only a couple days to get used to and with the ramps on either side it helps with not tripping . The gate swings either way which helps too ! Sooo worth the money since these things can be used for years !
 It is the most expensive gate , but I did shop for literally MONTHS , to find the most perfect gate for my situation . I have 4 BIG dogs who are locked in the kitchen now that I 'm pregnant , so they do n't trip me . The bigger I got , the harder it was for me to lift my leg over the gate . Everytime I did , i hoped they would n't knock me over ! Other gates are very flimsy , and with some force , will collapse . I have 4 90 + dogs , and they jump on this gate ALL DAY LONG . They TRY to knock it over ! I 've owned it for over 3 months , and it has n't let me down once . I now feel safe , and confident in my dogs not knocking over the gate to greet me when I come home from work . Well worth the money ! PS . I also had to purchase the extender -LRB- for extra wide doorways -RRB- and it 's equally as wonderful .
 We use this gate on our deck for the dogs . The convenience of the swinging gate activated by the foot peddle is great . And we do n't have to worry about the dogs figuring it out .
 I have an 8 month old son , and this is by far the best gate I have purchased ! I bought one and loved it so much i had to buy more ! With the second gate i did need the extension , but it fit perfect ! I can hold my sleeping baby and walk him to his room with out waking him by moving a gate ! or stepping over one!THis is also great for women who have a small child/children and are Pregnant . Try walking over a regular gate with a big preggo belly , or trying to multi task!I also have dogs that would jump the other gates but this gate is a little higher so they do n't jump this one.My mother in law who is ill lives with me too , and this gate is great for her . It was too hard for her to press down on the others but she can easily get through the house now !
 Perfect for an autistic child ! The gate arrived quickly and in perfect condition . The set up was so easy I did n't even need to look at the directions . You do n't need any extra tools , just the small plastic wrench that comes with the gate . Make sure to keep it in a safe place so you can tighten things up every now and then . My son is almost 3 years old and has autism . Every gate we 've ever had , he could get out of . Most of the times he ended up breaking them ! This gate is perfect , too tall to climb over and too strong to wiggle loose . If anybody could take this gate to its limits , it would be my son . We 've had the gate for over two months now , and it 's still as strong as the day I set it up . The foot pedal is great too ! Hands free entry is a breeze and it 's strong enough to keep a 7 year old in !
 So , we use this gate for the pooch , and it works great ! -LRB- She has a tendency to raid the kitchen counters when we are not around ... -RRB- My one reservation -LRB- before purchasing -RRB- was whether or not she would be able to outsmart it . -LRB- We call her `` Ludini '' for a reason . -RRB- Anyway , the foot peddle is firm enough that a dog paw , or baby `` paw '' for that matter , ca n't depress it to release the gate.Easy to install in an average doorway . Sits solid in the frame . This product seems well made and sturdy , and if I had the need , would even feel confident putting it at the top of a stairs to limit my favorite human critters as well . Could n't be happier with it ... -LRB- Sorry , Lu , no more butter raids for you ! -RRB- And the price is the best I 've seen ! Just get it !
 FINALLY ! A baby gate that will safely contain my 14 month old DS and is easy to open and close . I bought this gate to replace the Evenflo wooden gate I had purchased because DS knocked it down almost immediately . Buy this gate with confidence . I would recommend this gate to anyone with young children . Just make sure that your doorway opening is 34 '' or less because you will need to buy the Extension gate if it 's wider than that . I made this mistake , but fortunately I was able to order the extension easily .
 She said it was easy to install , she had to do it her self because her hunny was in Iraq . She has a very hyper golden retriever.Perfect for protecting your baby from many diffetant things .
 Affordable durable baby gate . It was easy enough for me to install and keeps my two year old son in were he is supposed to be . The bars are made so he can not climb it . I thought the foot pedal would be a pain because he could figure it out . It is nice when you have your hands full and it is tough enough so that he cant push it down . Great investment .
 We got this to put in a doorway between the kitchen and another room that we wanted to limit our toddler from accessing . We bought this one because it was the size we needed and we read that it was hard for toddlers to open . We 've had this for 2 + years and my 3 year-old still has n't been able to open it . It securely attaches to the walls of the doorway and it has n't ever been knocked out of place . The walkway through the gate is a little narrow so you have to carry larger items over the top of the gate . The top is n't TOO high so we 've managed without a lot of difficulty . I would buy this again .
 Product delivered on description . Easy to use , install , and hands free . It says it 's not approved for use at the top of the stairs because the only gates approved for use at the top of the stairs are hardware mounted ones , so I just put it in the hallway right before the stairs and works great . Although it 's so sturdy , if there was n't the rule about needing to be hardware mounted it would work for stairs . I 'm not sure how old the people 's children are who said they can open this gate , but mine is 1 and there 's no way he 's strong enough . In order to open the gate you have to have a good amount of leg strength that I would n't anticipate younger kids having .
 This gate works great-I have a 10 month old and 3 dogs and the hands free works much better than any gate we 've tried .
 the gate fits perfectly & was easy to install . once in place the gate was sturdy enough for my 13 month old daughter . i am very happy w / this gate . i was a bit concerned when i opened the box & saw that the gate & lock did not fit , but after i tightened it on the door frame , the gate now fits perfectly .
 This is the only gate I 've used so far for our 1 year old . It 's nice & I have no complaints except that it 's very narrow which makes carrying laundry baskets , etc. through it difficult . And make sure to check your door width . It did n't fit ANY doors in our house without the extenders .
 This is the best baby gate I 've ever used or seen . It 's very sturdy , and fits tightly in the 29 '' entry way to my kitchen . Despite my baby 's best effort the gate does n't budge a millimeter when he pulls on it . The best part though is the foot pedal . It really does work hands free , just step down on the pedal and nudge it open with your knee . You do have to put a lot of weight on the pedal to open it , but this is good , because no matter how much a baby or toddler pushes or jumps on the pedal it wo n't open for them .
 This is a great baby gate . Foot release works well . The gate looks like the first photo on Amazon . Some of the uploaded photos by previous reviewers must show an older model . This gate does not have that large white plastic piece halfway down the gate as shown in some reviewers photos . Also looks exactly like the photo with the blonde woman holding the baby . This was confusing to me when I purchased the product so I wanted to clear that up . I would have given it 5 stars had it come with the round cups that screw into the wall in which secure the rubber based pressure mounts . Other than that , great gate .
 Easy to install on took maybe 8 minutes . Looks great , sturdy and the locking mechanism is constructed well . I highly recommend it .
 I had looked at other products that were cheaper and then compared to this one . This one had the best reviews . It works great ! Just make sure that you measure the opening where it is going to go . I did and got the extension ordered at the same time . The extension fits on perfectly and safely . The whole thing is secure . The instructions are easy to read . I had the whole thing installed in less than 10 minutes . You have to put quite a bit of pressure on the foot pedal to release the gate , but then you can just bump it with your knee to walk through . So even if your hands are full you can get through . The only problem is my four year old ca n't open it because she is so tiny and does n't weigh enough ! But it looks great installed , it does what it is supposed to do . I will tighten it up every couple of months or so just to make sure that it is still secure . But my -LRB- almost -RRB- one year old boy hangs and climbs on it no problem . Totally safe and worth the money .
 Good and steady happy with the quality for the price it 's a good buy . I would tell a friend to get it if they were looking for this product .
 Overall , this gate does a good job keeping my son where I 'd like him to be , and it 's easy to operate . My complaint about it is that my husband bumped it with his leg while going through it and now the gate does n't like up correctly in the frame anymore . He did n't even hit it very hard , but we just ca n't get it realigned , and this makes it a little harder to operate . I do wonder if the design may have changed a little because our friends have had the same one for some time and have not had this problem .
 THIS GATE WAS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED . A GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY.IT WAS VERY EASY TO INSTALL WITH NO TOOLS REQUIRED TO INSTALL IT.The First Years Hands Free Gate
 Instructions did not mention taking a metal piece off the top wall mount screws . It attaches very securely , and my kids can not shake it down . However , my 3.5 yr old also can not open it by himself , to let him out of the gated area to the bathroom . Otherwise it was super easy to install , looks very nice , and fit my 34 '' doorway . If it had some sort of way to `` lock '' it open as well , that would be nice too , so that we could prevent it from shutting by itself .
 We were given one of these gates as a gift and we have already purchased another one . Love the fact that this gate can open and stay open for those times when our infant is not in the area . Love the foot pedal action . We will be purchasing another one soon !
 I was originally unhappy with the purchase of this gate because they did not expand enough to give me a sturdy connection to the walls . I live in an apartment and do not have any extreme doorways , they are about 34 '' apart . The gate fit but was very unstable . So I had to purchase the extension which fixed the problem . They are nice and sturdy and work great . I would recommend this gate to anyone who would like a hands free system .
 Love this gate ! Opens in or out , mounts from either side , looks great . Foot pedal to open , easy enough for adults , impossible for the kids . Just swing shut to close . Installation was fast , easy for my daughter . Feel confident in this purchase .
 We just installed this gate and it 's fine except for the bottom rail . In the pictures , you can see 3 of them show `` ramps '' to prevent toe banging on the bottom rail . They did not come with the gate and I ca n't find where to order them . We need them to prevent tripping over the bottom rail . Anybody know how I can get those white ` ramps ' shown in the photos ? Thanks !
 I absolutely LOVE this gate . I was very hesitant to order it at first because I thought the bar at the bottom would be a tripping hazard , but we have had NO problems with it at all . You have to step on the lever to open it anyways , so you are automatically gon na step over it . I really like that it swings both ways , so if my toddler is on one side I can swing it away from her and now have to mover her . We have had no issues with it moving around in the door frame . It is just a wonderful product.I had to give it 4 stars because it did not come with the knee bumper , as is shown in the picture . Apparently there are 2 different kinds of gates that this listing can send , and the one with the arched top -LRB- the one we received -RRB- doesnt have it . It really doenst affect its use tho . I havent missed it . : -RRB-
 It 's been less than a year and now for some reason we 're having a really hard time closing 2 of the 3 gates -LRB- the ones weuse most often -RRB- . Not sure why this is , but we have to bang really hard to get the gates to close . We tried fiddling around with it , reinstalling , but still stiff and hard to close . We have another Dreambaby automatic closing gate that was not that great to start with but that at least performed the same for 4 years.Original Review : First of all , love Amazon . My 2 gates arrived in one day with prime shipping!This really is the best doorway gate you can buy . Very sturdy , easy to install , even comes with a wrench ! I have had several other gates -LRB- ones I bought and hand-me-downs -RRB- and this is by far the best because 1 -RRB- it stays open when you do n't need it -LRB- like when kids are napping -RRB- - i used to have to tie my other one open ! 2 -RRB- It is also nearly impossible for a toddler to get through because you need downward weight to open it . 3 -RRB- Other tension gates I have -LRB- dreambaby extra wide gate -RRB- worked fine , but it was really tough to get it just right so that both parts latched/locked correctly without being so tight that it would n't latch . This one was a breeze , as long as it is tight , it works , latching perfectly in both places.I have the older version of this gate and it is much better than the newer version . It had an actual knee plate and it had a wide , sloped base which seems to provide more stability and prevented toes from kicking into the base . The Amazon photo is incorrect and one of the pics shows the older version , which they do not seem to make anymore . Even with the changes for the worse , I think this is still the best doorway gate out there and well worth the money .
 Ordered this for a doorway to keep a dog from traveling through the house . I love the step to press to open it .
 My son is extremely adept at getting past childproofing . He easily figured out how to work our friends ' baby gates -LRB- and taught all their kids . Whoops ! -RRB- . This gate is the only one that has contained him . He knows how it works , but at 30 lbs he does n't weigh enough to trigger the pedal . It 's very easy for an adult to open , and most kids do n't weigh enough to open it .
 We needed a baby gate to keep my toddler out of my big kids room and away from his super small blocks and `` big boy '' toys . I did not want a gate that would be hard for my 9 yr old to open and close to get in & out of his room . This is perfect for him & his dad and I. Easy to set up . Took hubby 5 min.I would recommend this gate to all !
 We put it in a doorway that we walk through constantly , I can open it with no hands -LRB- i.e. holding the baby -RRB- It keeps out the dog -LRB- about 65 pounder -RRB- and withstands some jail bar style shaking from my 1 year old . I can leave the gate open , walking through is a bit narrow for my wide hips , but I do n't have to turn sideways or anything.Get it , you wo n't regret it . looks nice , easy to install , keeps out the dog and the baby in !
 I only give review on extremely good products and extremely lousy products . This gate is GREAT !! Stop looking for gates , this is the ONE .
 This gate is easy to put up and take down without messing up the walls . I can take the foot pedal off and even my 3 year old ca n't get over it ! Highly recommend !
 This gate deserves a gold medal . It was originally purchased to block off the kitchen from our 16 month terminator but proved its worthiness again as it keeps our new lab puppy in the kitchen . It is also so user friendly . We are buying another one for the other end of the kitchen . Do n't waste your money on others !!!
 I wish I had gotten this gate long ago ! While I 'm currently pregnant with our first child , we also have a dog that has required the use of gates and this could have saved us a lot of aggravation over those years . It installs so easily -LRB- especially considering we live in an older house with out of square and irregularly sized doorways -RRB- and stays put . The door pedal is accessible from both sides and the gate door also swings either way , making entry and exit from the same room super easy . The opening is n't very wide , but our doorways are n't very wide in this house to begin with and it 's certainly wide enough to go through without any major adjustments , so it does n't really seem like a drawback to me .
 I 've had 3 of these gates for close to 5 years . They 're wonderful for areas where you do n't want pets to go without supervision . I have had many pet gates , but this one is by far the easiest to use and has held up better than any of the other 's . If one of these were to break , I would go out tomorrow and buy another one without hesitation .
 I have three of these gates in my house and they are wonderful . They are sturdy , so even when my 15 month old shakes the gate , it does n't move . We recently had a party and everyone was raving about the gates . My nieces and nephews who are older were also kept out of harms way with this gate . Even though they knew to push down on the pedal , they could n't get enough force to open it.The only draw back is the price . It 's deceiving , because the gate it fairly narrow . We had to buy extensions for all three of our gates . However , it is well worth the price.The best part is being able to get through the gates with your arms full . I highly recommend this gate . !!!!
 My 13 yr old installed this gate in 6 minutes . We have had it up a month and it works great , not only does it keep little ones away from dangerous areas , it also keeps my 120 lb rottie away as well . I highly recommend this gate and intend on purchasing two more for deck and upstairs.It is convienant and easy to open and absolutely HANDS FREE .
 We put this up to keep our pets out of our new babies room . It works wonderful . It is so nice to have the swinging door go either way and have the hands free to keep hold of that squirming child . I would have given it 5 stars but it does slip off the frame from time to time . For the most part it is very sturdy and a life saver .
 This gate is worth every penny . It does well to contain and separate both the baby and dogs . Made of strong metal bars and with a plastic pad to be able to ` knee ' the door open , it 's exceptionally easy to use while carrying baby , laundry , or whatever.I have a 39 '' opening between my wall and bannister and had tried several gates to no avail . Because of the bannister , I did n't want to drill any holes , but this was the only place where I could safely block the baby from the bottom of the stairs and dining room . The screws at the top and bottom of the gate are great because they allow you to mount the gate against uneven surfaces , like the bannister , and still have an exceptionally strong gate -LRB- and it did n't mark my walls or woodwork -RRB- . I did need the 5 '' extension which made the set-up more expensive than I 'd liked , but in the end , it is completely worth it .
 We bought this gate for our daughter 's room 3 years ago . It was very easy to install , no extra hardware , no holes or drilling . Fits right into her bedroom door . I like the fact that it swings in both directions and you just use your foot to open it . Great for those times when you have your hands full of laundry . I also like the fact that a child can not open the gate by standing on the lever because it needs a certain amount of pressure to open . This gate is very sturdy and reliable . The price is good too . Well worth your money .
 I love being able to open and close the gate with my feet and legs . My son gets a kick out of closing the door himself , so it is an added relief to know that his fingers will not get pinched . I have 2 , but need to get one for my kitchen door way . Unfortunately I will have to buy 2 additional extensions so that the gate will fit in the large door way -LRB- only fall back -RRB- . Other than that this is a 5 star product and I recomend it to all parents ! Just check the measurements of your space before purchasing .
 I bought this gate for my 10 month old and our cats , when they come over . The cats can jump over it but my son stays safe . The gate worked wonderfully . Easy to use , stayed in place . After less than a week of the cats -LRB- weighing less than 10 lbs . -RRB- jumping over it -LRB- they would push off the top of the gate to get over -RRB- the plastic hinge broke . We had the gate for 5 months . It only has a 90-day warranty so now it 's pretty useless . I would still say this is a great gate , just do n't put repetitive pressure on the top because the plastic hinges ca n't handle much at all .
 I have been looking for something like this for a while . Anything even close was double the cost . The hands free feature is a bonus.This is really made to last , it 's solidly made . However , it is a little stiffer and I have to really push down on it to open the gate . Great if you have a toddler that is industrious enough to figure out how it works . My use is for keeping my dogs speparated from other parts of the house . Good deal
 This is really a great gate for blocking out little people & little dogs ! We have both . It is easy to install & use , even my 5 yo can use it.We also have a yorkie mix dog that could get through the gate by going through the openings . we had to put wiring up to stop him .
 This is a great baby gate at a great price ! We bought it to keep our grandchildren and cats from going downstairs and since it was installed at the top of the stairs , it was imperitive that it be sturdy as well as easy for us to open and close . This gate met all of our requirements , was easy to install and looks nice too !
 This gate is great . It is very easy to install and once installed it takes the abuse kids give it -LRB- pull and push on it , etc -RRB- . My 4 year old can open it by jumping on the foot pedal -LRB- I 'm sure that is not recommended -RRB- and the gate does n't budge from the wall . My toddler , however , can not open it no matter what she tries . I highly recommed this .
 This is the only gate that would fit our funky tilting doorway . It is SO sturdy and attractive and convenient . I love that it is high too , as my son is a big climber . Only down side is that my cat has arthritis and jumping over it is n't fun for him .
 My husband and I bought one of these gates when our first son was about six months old and starting to move . We have moved twice since then and the gate is still in great shape -LRB- now being used to contain our second son -RRB- . We bought a gate extension piece to fit our new house , but still needed an additional gate . After trying two other gates -LRB- and returning them -RRB- we went back to this one . Our older son is now three and a half and can open the gate but he only because he saw his eight year old cousin figure it out by jumping on the peddle . The gate is holding up remarkably well to this less than gentle treatment . The ease of installation and use and the duribility more than make up for the cost of the extension pieces . We certainly love this gate and would recommend it to anyone .
 Works extremely well . At first it does n't seem like the top will latch , but follow the instructions and it works . Very simple to install . We have 3 and atwo extensions .
 i brought this gate for my new apartment . I wanted to have a gate that was high enough for my lil puppy to not jump over and was not too hard for me to move freely through the space , and this was the one ! I read a few other reviews which made me decide to buy this gate . Although it says its for children if you have a small dog under about 20lbs , this will owrk for u too . I even bumped into it accidently and it stayed pretty much in place.It is lil tricky to put together but once you get in place it was worth a lil confusion!I 'm Very Happy !!!
 I bought this gate because my husband broke his leg and we needed a gate he could get through.I thought it was expensive but a necessity.But I tell you , it was worth it!This gate is great.It is pressure mounted so you dont have to put holes in your wall.It is easy to open and close.I 've found it to be very sturdy and I am not worried about parts falling off.I highly recommend this gate -- I know I 'll be buying more !
 Just got this for the nursery door . I had it installed in about 15 minutes , and it is very sturdy and operates perfectly . Although right now it is a dog gate to keep the dogs out , and my baby is not even crawling yet , I believe that it will last and function as intended -LRB- parents can easily operate , but baby ca n't -RRB- . I like the metal construction for the durability , and it is very attractive . I even find it easy to use in the middle of the night when I am half-asleep ! I will probably get more for other rooms . I wish my hallway at the stairs were narrower so this would fit there as well .
 I bought this gate when my baby just started crawling . She is now a year old and walking everywhere . This gate is wonderful and I 'm getting ready to buy 2 more for her room and my room . I currently use it in our play room to keep her away from the stairs . I have 2 older daughters that use it all the time to go in and out 100 times a day . I have not had any problems with anything breaking as of yet even with the abuse of my other children . I love being able to open the gate with one foot and my knee . It has been a life saver for our family . Wish I had this years ago with my other two children .
 We have two of these gates and love them ! Unlike some of the other reviewers , we have never had any problems with the pedals breaking . The gate enables easy access in highly trafficked areas - no need to rest a sleeping baby on your knee because you need your hands ! I particularly like that we did n't have to drill holes into our walls or woodwork . One of the gates goes across a hallway with baseboards . We did have to place a piece of wood between the wall and upper gate mount to ensure stability . Otherwise , however , this gate is secure and looks good , too .
 I bought this gate because I live in a two story house and I have a dog that I do not want upstairs and also have a baby that I do not want to crawl upstairs . I love this gate . No matter what I have in my hands I could open and close the gate with ease . I realised how wonderful this gate was when my nephew was over -LRB- he 's 4 -RRB- and was unable to open the gate . It made me feel secure that when my daughter is old enough to figure out how it works she will be unable to use it . I would recomend this gate to anyone .
 This gate was exactly what we were looking for . Easy assembly & easy operation . It is sturdy , despite not having to screw it into the wall . Definitely not for the stairs , but nice for high traffic areas where parents are constantly passing through . Truly - No hands ! Gate opens either way . Also easy to remove and put back up - when it is in the way -LRB- holiday parties ! -RRB- Worth the money - we may even get another one !
 We have owned this gate for almost a year and use it at the bottom of our stairs to keep both our 19 month old and our dogs from going upstairs without us knowing it . We recently purchased the gate again to put at the door of our daughter 's room now that she is making her way into a `` big girl '' bed . The gate will keep her safely in her room all night long even if she gets out of bed.We love this gate !! It is easy to install , easy to use , and incredibly sturdy . I would recommend this gate to anyone who has children !
 I have had this gate for about 8 months now and it has taken a beating ! My daughter loves to grab the bars and try to shake them -LRB- like she is trying to escape prison :--RRB- -RRB- . The gate has stood firm , not damaged the walls , and is so easy to operate - no hands ! I had tried several other gates prior to this one and will never go back to anything else .
 This is a wonderful gate . It is easily installed and easy to use , yet it keeps my 7 month old out of restricted areas . Plus , you just swing it closed like a door , if you are in a hurry and listen for that * click * In the description , it says that it needs the weight of an adult to push the pedal . My neices , age 4 and 2 , visited last weekend and defeated it almost immediately . So , I would recommend for younger babies .
 Fantastic gate extremely easy to install . There are no little places where kids can get their fingers pinched so I feel safe closing it even when my extremely curious and active 8 month old is crawling and climbing on it . it 's a tall gate so i do n't worry about her going over it at all and it takes force to push the step down but easy to do . Buy it for the entrance to hallways or in doorways where you want the door open sometimes but do n't want babies in and out of that room .
 This gate works perfectly . We live in an old house , with doorways that are not square . This gate can be adjusted for any doorway . It is also tall enough that my 2-year-old ca n't climb over it . We love it !
 We have had 2 of these gates for 5 years now and could n't be happier ! We 've tried many makes and models but this one is by far the sturdiest and most user friendly gate there is ! We 've used it for both keeping dogs out and kids in and it has been our lifesaver for years . Even with hands full you can open it with a simple step . Even my daughter can open it with a little jump on the step -LRB- she 's so petite -RRB- ! Now we are on our second baby and it is still going strong after 5 years of hard use :-RRB- It is made of nice solid metal -LRB- not flimsy plastic -RRB- , it stays in place well and is very versatile with the extensions to many openings . Do n't waste your money on any of the other gates -- this is well , well worth it -LRB- and I 'm a bargain hunter -RRB- and will last you for many years to come !
 It was a quick and painless job to set up the gates and if I ever need to take them down , it will be just as easy . My mom said she wished she had this type of baby gate when we were growing up . I love the fact you can swing the door open both ways and just use the step to open the gate . For all mom 's this is the gate for you !! It may be a little pricy but it is well worth it 's value ! I got two and now my child can roam with not as many , `` No , you ca n't go in there ! '' worries . ; -RRB-
 We got a few of these gates to keep our dogs from going in certain rooms of the house , and they are terrific . With the knee plate you can have your hands full and just tap the gate open with your knee . The gate can be put up without drilling holes in the door frame ... it just works via pressure . I got one , liked it so much we got two more .
 We love this gate , we bought one to block of the top of the staircase , and we wanted a second one t block off the living area and the kitchen ... unfortunately the coverage range of this product is very limited ... even with the extensions.The gate overall is made out of solid material . The kickstand takes a bit of pressure to release , but it 's good to have , because my son ca n't accidentally push it down and open the gate.The gate area is smaller than an average to walk through , but it 's not too bad.Out of all the gates we have had we like the Hands Free gate the best . It would be the only gate we purchase only if it could a bigger area .
 We 've tried a dozen different gates and this one works the best . They do n't fall down , they are easy to use . We have 3 in our house . We use them for dogs and they are perfect .
 This has to be the best baby gate out there . We have 2 of them in our house , 1 for almost a year and the other for 6 months . They hold up great , are very strong and stable , and are easy to open for the adult to allow walkthrough into a room . I would highly recommend this product .
 What 's not to like this gate is easy to install and with the extensions can fit wider openings than the standard safety gate . Good design and ease of use make it convenient to open without using hands and having to set everything down to work the gate . Very secure gate as latching mechanism holds securely . Would recommend this gate for anyone looking for an attractive and safe gate to protect their child or even their pets .
 I have had this gate for about a year now . It has taken abuse of all kinds ; dogs have run into it full force , my toddler has tried to shake it down and more than a couple times it 's been kicked . It is still holding up very very well though , and it shows no signs of stopping any time soon . My only notice to you is to be aware that if you have a doorway that is 38 or 39 inches , you will have to buy the extension for the gate to work properly .
 I wanted a gate that would be easy to swing open even when carrying my baby . this gate was very sturdy -LRB- no cheap plastic here -RRB- , easy to install -LRB- ~ 15mins -RRB- and has worked great for us . no problems .
 There are so many pros , so few cons to this gate . It 's tall , there 's no way my 2-year-old can get over it . Incredibly convenient swinging door . If you follow the instructions on how to correctly tighten it on the door frame you wo n't have trouble . I did n't do that the first time and I was getting frustrated . The gate was smarter than me!My son , who is Mr. Motor Skills , can not open it.Would make an excellent dog gate for small dogs.Sometimes the pedal can get sticky and you have to push on it a little harder , but that 's really my only complaint .
 Needed a gate that was functional as well as decorative . This First Years Hands Free Gate fits that description . We have one going into our kitchen and one in the foyer . Both are used constantly .
 Overall we are satisfied with the First Years Hands Free Gate . We ended up needing both extensions for the bottom of our staircase . I did n't measure and wish I would have but I just guessed we would n't need them because it does n't seem like an abnormally large stairway . The opening is a little narrow which means I have to turn sideways to not knock my son 's legs into it when I 'm carrying him through it . I do like that it feels much more secure than other gates we 've tried in the same space . The top and bottom area where the gate sits are not the same width which made this particular gate perfect because we adjusted it . My 5 year old daugther has to jump on the lever with both feet to open it but now she navigates it without much difficulty at all . Overall , we are pleased but we just ended up spending more money than we intended due to the extensions needed .
 Utilized as a pet gate on a staircase , it meets our ongoing needs and continues to work without a hitch . Certainly would recommend it without question . Found the overall purchase , with an extension added as a separate item , more cost effective via Amazon instead of the other sellers .
 I enjoy having hands free to get through the gate . I use it to keep my dogs from going into certain areas of the house . It is doing the job .
 We installed this gate -LRB- with the extension -RRB- in a 35 '' opening , and it 's worked fantastically for the last 9 months . Our daughter is now 21-months-old , and continues to be blocked when needed . Some details : Pros : - Very solid construction , with an easy to open foot mechanism . - The bars are positioned in such a way to keep little hands from getting caught when the gate is being opened or closed . Our daughter loves to close the gate on us , and I cringed the first few times , but she 's never gotten hurt or caught from it . - Easy to clean , and still looks fresh after many grabs with grubby hands ! - I was also a bit concerned at first , because the opening has a baseboard that sticks out about 1/2 '' . However , there was no problem installing it , and it 's as strong as can be.Cons : - No negatives , except I wish this gate could be made in an extra-wide model . We have another opening of 48 '' , and could never find a gate that really worked as well across such a wide gap.Overall , I highly recommend this to any parent .
 I bought this gate to keep my 14 month old daughter in or out of the kitchen , depending on the circumstances . I was a little worried that the pressure mounts would mar the walls , but they do n't . The mounts screw to apply lateral pressure to the wall . The wall contacts never turn or move as the pressure builds.The gate is well-designed . My daughter has enjoyed closing the door and then shaking the gate . She 's basically been all over this thing and has n't injured herself yet . There are virtually no places for little feet to get any purchase to climb , and the locking mechanism makes it nearly impossible for little fingers to get caught and injured . It 's simple to open for adults , and little ones just do n't have the weight to step down on the unlocking mechanism.We had a shipping snafu as well and some of the pressure mounts did n't arrive . I contacted First Years ' customer service and explained the problem and they shipped another pressure mount at no charge . I 'm a happy customer .
 Our escape artist dachshund was able to climb over our previous mesh gate . With the vertical bars on this gate she has no choice but to stay in the laundry room . Gate was easy to setup . The top brackets must be tightened a lot to get the top latch to catch .
 Perfect for the where we needed it . As a high traffic area for carrying our son , we wanted something with a hands-free opening mechanism and the foot pedal/knee knock works great . It is also extendable but you need to buy the extension separately . More expensive than most pressure mounted gates but I guess that is for the hands-free operation .
 was a quick assembly . my doorway has a threshold so i did n't need the included ramp . took about 5 minutes to get it out of the box and in place in the doorway , including reading the instrucions . and then , since this was to keep my dog out of the kitchen and let the cats go where they want , i cut the center bar out with a sabre saw while the gate was in the doorway . of course i voided the warranty and i 'm sure the manufacturer does n't recommend doing that , but the gate did n't move at all while i was cutting . the modification took longer than assembling the gate in the first place and of course if you do this , wear gloves and eye protection . also , i adjusted it as tightly as possible before trying this . when you think you have it adjusted tightly , use the included square headed wrench to tighten it even more . not worth the risk not to
 Easy to install , sturdy and stable . This hands free gate does a fantastic job , easy for an adult to open and keeps baby away from the kitchen hazards.Really recommended .
 Thanks for asking for a review . It is fabulous ! We use it to keep our pets out of certain area . Could n't work any better . Thanks!By the way , you can install this with your eyes closed and one arm tied behind your back !
 We are using this for a puppy gate , and it really great . Its just tall enough that the dogs ca n't go over it , and easy for us to operate when our hands are full of packages . The knee opening function is wonderful !
 My wife and I love this gate ! We live in an extremely old house and did not want to purchase a gate that required screws or related permanent fixtures . We had also gotten extremely weary of hurdling the previous gate or having to put down our son to open it . When we purchased this in our local Target , the set came with the additional extension . With the extension in place , I was able to easily snug up the gate using the included wrench . Even though our door opening is only 37 &#148; , the extension was crucial in insuring that the gate was the immoveable object that we needed . I read very early reviews -LRB- pre-2003 -RRB- that spoke of flimsiness in the foot pedal , but I can only assume that the problem has been fixed . I do not have a light touch , and we use this gate in a high traffic area . In spite of that , however , I have noted no weakness in the pedal . If anything , the pedal has gotten firmer over time . My son -LRB- 19 months , 28 lbs -RRB- has figured out how mommy and daddy get through the gate , and while he has started to try jumping up and down on the pedal , he has yet to be able to open it . Hope you enjoy it as much as we have !
 This gate is perfect ! I use this gate to block my kitchen off and it is very sturdy and wo n't budge . It even keeps my dog in the kitchen . It is very easy to assemble although I needed both extensions , I am also stationed overseas so our house and door frames are much different in size . But I would recommend this gate for anyone !!
 This is the best gate . We bought a different one and we returned it for this one . Very easy to assemble and easy to use . I highly recommend it
 I have tryed many gates before I bought this one . I must say that this gate has made going from room to room so much easier . It was easy and quick to put up . There is no way my son will figure out how to get through this one . It makes life easier .
 I have 38 kids who live on my street . So when it came time to buy a baby gate for my 9 month old , I had a number of professional mom 's to consult . This was the only gate that got 5 star rating by it 's users . Most of the gates eventually caused damage to the wall b/c the older kids would hang on the gate and rip it out . This gate is very easy to install and use . I did it myself in 5 minutes . And it can be kept open after the baby is in bed , so it is easy for my husband and I to walk around our house .
 This is THE BEST gate ! It fit in our `` old house '' small doorway 's and is so easy to use . Just a step and a push and it is open . It is very sturdy and holds up to my dogs standing and pushing on it . I also like that there are no areas for little fingers to get pinched . You wo n't be disappointed with this item !!
 We were given this gate as a shower gift . It is wonderful and easy to install and operate . In fact , so easy and sturdy we purchased a second one for landing at the top of the stairs . Our 9 month old son has been standing for a few months and he really tries to shake this gate and it stays right in place . Very reliable . Wish this company would make a gate for use at the bottom of the stairs that is hands-free !
 I really like this gate , and it 's one of the more affordable gates out there.It was fairly easy to install -LRB- no holes in the wall ! -RRB- , and my husband and I feel that it easy to use.Our only complaint is that the opening is a little narrow when you 're carrying a baby on your hip !
 I did not give this gate a 5 star , I think it is a great gate but my 18 month old could open it . Very disappointed , I still think first year gates are the best .
 We bought these gates when childproofing our home for our infant son . I thought it would be more convenient to have a gate I could open with no hands while carrying a baby ! Well , after my mom tripped while over the old-fashioned wooden gate she used to confine her dog -LRB- she broke 3 ribs ! -RRB- , my parents installed a Hands-free gate , too ! It is very easy to use and much safer than climbing over the other style .
 We absolutely love this gate ! It was simple to install , easy for the adults and our 7 year old to operate , but keeps the baby and dogs where we want them ! We use one hand or if they 're full , just step on the pedal and nudge the gate with your knee . The baby is very mischevious and determined and has not been able to even budge this gate . No more stepping over the old pressure gate we had , which was awful and constantly knocked out of place .
 i 'm due in 7 days and i installed this gate in less than 10 minutes . it 's very sturdy , opens and closes easily and is ridiculously simple . you have four screws -LRB- the bolts that tighten the gate to the doorframe -RRB- and two plastic parts that snap into place . i ca n't believe someone would ever have a problem installing it . it stands up to my 155 lb . dog , so i 'm really not concerned about my child busting through it . this gate is very , very , sturdy . nothing like the wooden/metal ones i remember from my childhood !
 I purchased this gate at Babies R Us , but read the reviews first from Amazon . I just purchased a toddler bed for my child and the gate is used to keep her in her bedroom at night . The gate was so easy to put together and fits perfectly at the entrance of her bedroom door . To open it , all you do is step on the foot pedal , which is needs weight to open . The only problem I have now , is that my child closes the gate all the time . When it 's suppose to stay open . Oh , well !!
 I 've gone through at least 5 other types of gates trying to keep my dogs contained . I 've had Evenflo pressure mount gates that they just push over or could easily jump . There was a wooden gate that I came home to see hanging in pieces from the wall . A pressure mounting swing gate that could be jumped , pushed over , or easily misaligned from closing it . I had the extra tall top of stairs gate that did n't work , and then finally I bought one of these . It was absolutely worth the $ 60 spent on it . I only screwed in the wall cups at the top of the first one I purchased , because the bottom contacts do n't fully touch the wall , as it hits against the base trim . After owning one for about a month , I recently bought a second one for the top of the stairs where my dog was pushing down the old gate . I have not screwed in the wall cups yet , but I did mount them with the sticky pads that come in the box . It has n't been knocked over yet like every other gate I have tried.Although one of my dogs can jump the gate that I am using to block the front door and kitchen , it is more difficult for him to jump than the previous gates we have owned . My only true complaint would be that it does slam shut loudly , and I could see this being a problem if there were small children in the home . Nonetheless , I think I see myself buying a third one soon to replace the gate that my dog knocks over every time I go downstairs and leave him alone for a minute .
 This is not only a great gate -LRB- believe me , you will not be disappointed with this purchase . you 'll be bragging about how smart you were to buy it to all of your friends and family . -RRB- it is also a fine piece of engineering . I am an engineer , and I am thoroughly impressed.No hands to open this gate . There are no pinch points for the baby 's hands . The foot pedal you use to open the gate is easy enough to press , yet the force required to push it down is more than the weight of a baby . All of this , and you do n't have to drill a single hole ! Whoever designed this thing is really good.I did notice that the coating is cracked on the lower outer welded joint . I assume it is just the coating that has failed ; since it has n't lost any rigidity.All in all , this is a great product . I wish more designers paid more attention to both form and function . I forgot the brand name of this gate , -LRB- First Steps ? -RRB- . Anyway , the point is that I 'm going to look to these guys first before I buy another `` baby gadget '' .
 We use this for our Dog and love it . The installation is a breeze , and it is so easy to open with the hands free feature . It is very sturdy and well worth the money
 This gate functions very well , and as many have said , you may need the extension for wider areas . -LRB- mine is 34 and 7/8 '' -RRB- I ran into a bit of a pickle as I tried to gate off the kitchen , which is not separated by a doorway , but rather is an entryway . With the extension the gate fit on top , but the baseboards on both sides made it impossible to fit both bottom screw attachments of the extension.The solution ? Remove the plastic square screw down nut from the extension screw on one side . Replace the screw and pad , and it just fits with a little bit of convincing . Tighten the side with the intact plastic nut , and you 're good to go.The little base mound has a tendency to rise up a bit on my rug , but the carpet is well worn in that area . I thought the 1/4 '' gap left by the mound + sharp plastic = pain . So I left the mound off . After the eighth time of busting my toe on the metal bar that was left behind -LRB- drawing blood the final time -RRB- I put the plastic back . I 'll take the risk of a pinch over repeated toe abuse.I 'm not a fan of the plastic nut method of tightening , nor was I a fan of the cute little wrench that was included . For future reference a 20mm or 3/4 '' crescent wrench will move those plastic squares much faster.Overall a great product , just make sure you leave the plastic base mound on for the sake of your toes .
 This gate is great ! We currently have two in our home , keeps the dog out of certain rooms . The nifty foot pedal helps us get in and out of the gates without lifting our legs or having to drop what we are holding to open it . After a couple of days , the foot pedal use becomes so automatic that you forget the gate is even there !
 My wife and I love this product . The hand-free step lock is great to use especially when our hands are full . The door swings both ways which we find it helpful when our child keeps on blocking one side . Overall we are pleased how user friendly it is .
 We went through two other gates before seeing this at BRU and we love it ! It doens ' damage our wood doorways that took us forever to refinish , and keeps out little monster penned in the relative safety of our living room .
 This gate is wonderful . It is easy to install and is easy to open when you have your hands full of baby and other necessary items . It keeps our dog out of the babies room and will be used later to keep the baby from falling down steps and stairs when he is walking . A great buy !
 Where : We put this gate up between the Formal dining room -LRB- playroom -RRB- and the kitchen.Type of Use : Our daughter is 13 months.Installation : My husband installed it very easily . Since we have wood floors he also put felt pads under the pedastool to protect the floor.Details : It took me a few days to get used to the opening mechanics . But now it is a breeze . My daughter does hang on to it and stick her feet through it . So far no problems.Summary
 I tried a few different gates before coming across this one . We use this at the top of our stairs that lead directly into a play room , so we needed something that would be incredibly secure & safe . It is a heavy traffic area and we have not had any trouble . The foot release requires enough pressure that if I am sitting and try to open the gate with my hand , I have to use the weight of my upper body to open the gate . I feel incredibly confident that my daughter wo n't be able to let herself out .
 I love this gate . I have 4 of these gates . 1 to keep my daughter out of my room , 1 to keep her in hallway , and 2 to keep her out of the bathrooms . I love the one-handed use , and they work great for when neighbors bring over pets , since my daughter doesnt like animals bigger than her . They 're great gates , you should get them !
 This is the best baby product i have purchased since my son was born 13 months ago . I have many wonderful baby items , that i thoroughly enjoy , but this is the first one that has no apparent flaws . It was extremely easy to install , even with two extensions -LRB- required for wider doorways/hallways -RRB- -LRB- no tools needed -RRB- , is sturdy , looks good , prevents my son from going into unwanted territory , and is comfortable for adults . The bars are conviently spaced -LRB- not too far , not too close -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product .
 I stalled on buying baby gates because I was n't sure where I wanted to put them or how many or what kind . After reviewing this gate online we purchased and installed it in the kitchen doorway that leads to the front hall . Like another reviewer 's this is a high traffic doorway and we 've already put it to a lot of use over one weekend . The narrow-ish opening does n't seem too restrictive for us and the hands free aspect makes this a real winner . Very easy to use and it relatches itself very easily .
 My husband and I had heard good things about this gate , and decided to use them when our little one arrives . We bought 2 of them now -LRB- I 'm 6 months pg -RRB- and set them up so we could restrict our dog -LRB- a big yellow lab -RRB- to certain areas of the house while we are out . -LRB- That , and separate the dog from the kids when our friends come over . -RRB- The gate was very easy to install - except in the circumstance where the bottom of the doorway had baseboard molding that made the opening less than 34 '' , and the top of the gate had to be in a space of 35.5 '' . So the top of the gate required the extension panel but the bottom did not . Once we figured out how to deal with that , it was easy . We did love that you can adjust the top & bottom pressure mounting separately to account for baseboards . We have it cranked in pretty tight , moved it from one doorway to the other after discovering some traffic issues , and it did n't hurt the walls a bit.The manufacturer has redesigned the foot pedal that so many people had trouble with . This gate is easier for me to open than my friend 's older one of the same model -LRB- bigger , sturdier pedal -RRB- , but I still ca n't imagine a kid being able to open it up . We love it , the dog has n't been able to hurt it , and you can actually leave it open if you want it open.The only downfall is that you ca n't get this gate for larger spaces -LRB- over 44 '' -RRB- and that you ca n't use it in a doorway with a door , because of the foot pedal .
 Love this as a `` permanant '' gate for our dog ... no holes to drill and still works as a door with no stepping over etc. .
 ALTHOUGH THIS GATE WAS PRICY COMPARED TO THE STANDARD MODELS , IT WAS DEFINITELY WORTH THE MONEY . THE CONVENIENCE OF THIS HANDS FREE MODEL MAKES IT EASY TO PASS THROUGH WITH LAUNDRY , BABY , ETC. . I HAVE NOT EXPERIENCED ANY PROBLEMS WITH THIS GATE AND HAVE OWNED IT FOR OVER 6 MONTHS . MY BABY FIGURED OUT HOW TO USE THE GATE WITHIN A FEW DAYS . SHE STANDS ON THE FOOT PETAL , HOWEVER , SHE IS STILL NOT HEAVY ENOUGH TO OPEN IT .
 I really love this gate as a matter of fact I have two of them . I use them for lots of different reasons . Baby , kids and dogs . The only problem is the petal which is what everyone is saying . I wish they would just make the petal out of metal like the rest of the gate . I have exchanged my gate many times just for the petal . I hope the makers of the gate are getting copies of these reviews and take them seriously . I would save them alot of money if they would just redesign the petal .
 This gate is excellent . I love the hands free feature . Gate was easy to install .
 I do not have this product , but plan to purchase it soon . I was reading on how some parents have problems with their kids getting their legs stuck in between the bars of this product . My recommendation is buy the Banister Guard 3 ' X 15 '' Roll or the Railnet products listed on this site ; these products are designed to attach to gates -LRB- etc -RRB- to keep limbs and toys from going through bars . I 've also heard a lot of foot pedal breakage , call the CSR and order a new part if you 're nice they should give you one for free . I because the test uses I 've done on the store demo model I 'm very pleased with the product , only 4 stars because of the ` narrow ' walk through space .
 I am due May 2005 and needed this gate to keep my golden retrievers out of the nursery and bedrooms . This gate is wonderful . I can be half-asleep and operate the foot pedal to open it just fine .
 We purchased this gate when our baby girl started crawling , and now she is walking . Not only is the gate effective at keeping her out of our utility room , which houses the Cat 's food , bed and litter box , along with the washer and dryer ; but it also provides our cats with a safe refuge when our little `` Tormentor '' is on a rampage . I can go through it with my hands full of laundry , and shut it before my daughter can get through . The pressure mounts are very secure ; we have only needed to readjust them once in 6 months . The hardware and construction of the gate are incredibly sturdy , and I expect that we 'll be using this gate for years to come !
 We agonized over the decision and this gate works great ! We have n't had any problems and when I do n't quite get it closed all the way , it often closes itself ! Also , when my little boy decides to catch up to me before I close the gate , it is impossible for him to shut his hands in it !
 I used this gate to keep my 40 lb . Shepard mix puppy confined to his room during the night . It was the perfect choice with the walk though gate , as obviously , lifting the dog over was n't going to be an option . It was quite strong , holding his weight from his front paws until he weighed about 65-70 lbs . Now I use it when my 12 mo. old nephew comes to visit . As for the construction , the gate took heavy use and has n't fallen apart yet . The best thing is that it was very kind on my door jams , leaving only very slight marks .
 We tried several gates and this is the best ! It keeps the baby in and the dogs out . It is so easy to use ! I can carry a sleeping baby and her things through the gate and not have to put anything down because it can be opened with one leg . I highly recommend this item !
 This gate is so wonderful , I just had to write a review . Everyone that comes to our house and uses ours ends up getting one too . Like others , we had purchased `` cheapo '' gates that were supposedly pressure mounted and easy to remove . What a waste of money . We have two of these and they are permanently mounted and are VERY secure . Because we can easily go in/out , we never have to deal with wall damage , tripping over them while attempting to climb over , and they keep the kids and dog out of unsafe areas . It 's very easy to open with the pedel and push with your knee , so it truly is a `` hands-free '' gate . I do agree that you need that little wrench to install this securely , but my husband did it without a problem . One of the two required the extension and that was also easy and secure to install . One thing I will mention is that my -LRB- almost -RRB- 3-year old can NOT open this gate . In our house that is a good thing , however , the age limit says 2 years so I thought that I would mention this in case you want a gate your preschoolers can also open -LRB- we do not -RRB- . Search no more , this is YOUR gate !
 In general , we like this gate quite a bit . We originally bought the Kidco Centerway gate , which was time-consuming to install and difficult to unlatch -LRB- in fact , almost impossible to unlatch while holding our 13 month old , as I often have to do -RRB- . This gate does n't look bad at all , took about 15 mins to install and did n't require any hardware to mount it , and is much more convenient with the foot pedal . A few things to be aware of ... First of all , the actual opening -LRB- not the total width of the gate , but the space for you to walk through -RRB- is only 18 inches . I 'm usually a size 2 but currently 3 months pregnant with my second , so not a size 2 for long . I am already realizing that it 's going to be very tough to be to squeeze through that opening with my toddler on my hip , since I wo n't be able to carry him in front of me when I 'm in my third trimester . The other thing to be aware of is that it can be challenging to make this gate functional for use at the bottom of your stairs . It specifically says that it 's not designed for use on stairs -- I think mostly related to the fact that no pressure-mounted gate is safe to use at the TOP of stairs -- but you may wish to use it at the bottom , reasoning , as we did , that your kid ca n't fall up the stairs . There are foot pedals on both sides necessary to unlatch the gate , but you may not be able to access the foot pedal from the stairwell side because it will be wedged between the base of the bottom stair and the floor with no room for your foot . We ended up mounting it at the height of the first stair so that we have to step up several inches on the foyer side to step on the pedal , but the pedal is basically flush with the first raised stair on the stairwell side . You may need to put a little reinforcement under your gate if you choose to go this route b/c stepping on the pedal over and over might cause this pressure-mounted gate to wriggle its way down over time . So far , we 've had ours up at the base of the stairwell for two weeks with no reinforcement and no slippage , but I think there 's potential for it to occur.All in all , I 'm very happy with this gate and would buy it again . I just wish that the manufacturer would widen the opening and make a design that would lend itself to use at the bottom of the stairs , where many parents use pressure-mounted systems , more easily .
 We absolutely love this gate ! We have used it for almost a year now and have had no problems whatsoever ! When we travel , we just throw the screw posts and little wrench in a ziplock baggie and take it with us . It 's very quick to set up and sturdy . We have even used it on the bottom of staircases when we were away from home . We just moved , and some of our doors are wider , I 'm excited to see that for just fifteen dollars I can get an extension to fit , rather than having to buy a new gate . I only wish the gate opening was a bit wider . I have had a bruised hip or two occassionally . ** Update ** We now have two of these gates , and have n't used them for a about six months now , but I needed to quickly childproof my house again to babysit on a thirty minute notice . So I dragged these gates out the closet and up they went in no time at all using the extenders . They still work outstandingly like the day I brought them home , 21/2 years ago . Both were in high traffic areas . You just might not have to buy another gate again !! ** Second Update ** Just thought I 'd update again to say these two gates are still going strong . They are now in use for the third kid . I will say my oldest was never able to get through the gates until about age 4 , my second child on the other hand managed to bounce on the pedal and open it just before turning 2 . To fix that we added Safety 1st cabinet locks -LRB- the kind that hooks around two cabinet knobs -RRB- . That kept him at bay until we could trust him on the stairs . Now the third kid is using them and they have never broke , come apart or had any problems with them whatsoever !
 We have had the hands free gate for nearly 10 months and have been very happy with it . I took note of all the reviews that said the plastic pedal breaks easily , and so immediately we got into the habit of making sure we do n't step on the edge of the pedal but rather fully on the pedal right up to where it meets the gate . This would seem to preserve the integrity of the pedal , and so far we have not had any broken parts and could n't be more pleased with our choice . It 's in our kitchen doorway , so it gets tons of use and lots of traffic . The opening is narrow but you get used to it . Best of all , our 2 year old loves to close it -LRB- she can ' t open it of course -RRB- and there does n't seem to be any place where she could get her fingers stuck in it . And finally , it could not be easier to install -- NO TOOLS !!!!! A real winner !
 We just got this . We 're happy , but here are 2 things that would have been helpful to know .1 . If you have curvy moldings or other non-flat surfaces in the opening where you plan to install the gate -LRB- ie , for an older house , the reason this non-destructive gate appealed to us -RRB- the gate may not work -- it expects flat surfaces at certain heights to put the pads , lined up vertically with other flat surfaces , and not a huge variation in width of the opening from top to bottom . We managed to work it in our house , but the gate has to jut out over the stairs which is not ideal from stability and safety and convenience perspectives .2 . The description of what the extension can do was n't totally clear . Each extension is 5 inches , and you can use up to 2 extensions , one on each end , so if you need 0-5 more inches get one extension , if you need 5-10 more inches of width than the gate , you need to buy TWO extensions .
 I would definately recommend this gate . I just want to point out what I discovered the hard way . I was n't aware of all of the specifications of it before I ordered it , so it did n't solve the issues I needed it to solve.I bought this gate to fit an opening between 2 rooms that is not a true doorway . The space is 28 inches wide , but the minimum width of the gate is 29 inches . I ended up having to use the gate in a different area and buying a different type of gate for that space . If your area is wide , you might need the extenders , because , with very little effort , a small dog or young child can get through the bars on the sides.The gate itself is great , is easy to install and works very well ... you just need to be sure you have the right size gate for the space you want to fill .
 Great Gate . It is very easy to install . No holes in your walls . All metal except for foot pedal . We have been using the gate for 5 months now and love it . Would purchase again .
 I broke the foot pedal on the first one of these I bought . Manufacturer was great -- promptly sent us a new one and paid all shipping costs . New pedal design has given us no trouble . We now have five Hands-Free Gates ! No other gate comes close . One problem , Babies-R-Us does n't stock enough extensions .
 The first few hours , the 5 year old had difficulty getting it open . Then he mastered it . The 3 year old could n't get it open herself for a week . Now she can IF she jumps up and down on the foot pedal . -LRB- She weighs 30 pounds -RRB- The child that we need it for is 17 months old and 22 pounds . She can not get it open . Loving it !
 Definately the best gate we own . We had originally had the Summer Infant top of the stairs gate , and it was such garbage , broke in a few places . I wish we had saved our money and bought this one first . So easy to install , so easy to use . Definately a plus that the opening swings in both directions . This is definately the gate to buy !
 I love this gate and the customer service is outstanding.It 's perfect for twins because your hands are full of babies and you do n't want to fool with a gate . They 're almost 4 and we still use the 3 gates we received for various baby showers . They all work great and the kids still ca n't put enough weight on them to open them . When we moved we lost the step on the gate . When I emailed the company asking the replacement price , they sent it for free . Also , we 've replaced the screws that lock the gate in place because one got bent and it only cost a couple of dollars and arrived within a week . They work great with our dogs too .
 I bought this gate yesterday . Unfortunately it did not work in my very unusual doorway . One thing I did notice was that after I put it together , my 2yr old daughter happened to be watching , she immediately knew how to open the gate ! Even if it did fit I still would have had to return it since she knew how to open it . Great gate for younger children/pets .
 well i bought this gate and like it until it almost fell on my 10 months old it was mounted to the stairs its not made for stairs !!! only seemed to last to be mounted on stairs 6 months after that it became very dangerous and not safe . came flying down the stairs at him.still using the gate up in my sons room but thats about it for the price i just think it was poorly made christien
 We got this gate to go in the hallway to keep our dogs out of our childrens rooms . Its great , love it , works just as its supposed to .
 We were in desperate need of a guard gate for our rambunctious puppies and unfortunately the typical baby gates were too short and the puppies could jump over them . Also , the gates are made out of wood , a favorite chew toy for both Boxers and Rotts -LRB- we have one of each ! -RRB- . We did n't want to put a solid door b/c they get sad when they ca n't see us so after reading ALL of the reviews and seeing nothing really negative I figured this was my last chance and ordered it . This is by far the BEST purchase I have made for the puppies . Relatively inexpensive and we have not had a single problem with the gate or the puppies since purchasing . I love that the door swings both ways and is not damaging the walls . I have been suggesting this to people left and right with dogs and crawling babies !
 You can not beat this gate anywhere if you do n't want to ruin walls or railings by having to drill holes ... this is sturdy and strong besides being hands-free . I got it for myself and then a friend whose constant climb over hers was dangerous and unstable ... now with a flick of the pedal , you can walk through even if your hands are full of laundry -LRB- or baby -RRB- . I HIGHLY recommend this but make sure you measure opening so that you know whether to order 1 or 2 extensions .
 I have purchased many of these gates because I love them so much . They are easy to install , do not damage your walls/doorways , and are perfect for high trafic areas . I love the fact that you can easily step on the lever and open the gate . It has enough tension that a small child can not open the gate , but it is simple for an older child or adult . The extentions are also easy to use for larger areas . I highly recommend this product for any family , and I have given them as gifts .
 I 've had hand me down baby gates , store bought baby gates . When I saw this gate at my co-workers house I just had to have it . Easy to install , even easier to operate . Even Grandma and Grandpa have no problem operating it . I ordered a second one to replace an existing gate . I will never go back to any other gate .
 This is a nice hands free gate . I have owned and used it for over two years . Be sure to tighten it beyond what you think is tight - or it will slide out of the doorway/hallway when you press your foot down and open the gate . The gripper pads on the ends are not secure to the post . They will slide around on you if not careful or could be lost if your kids find them , then you have a damaged wall on your hands . After about a year of daily use the top pin that keeps the gate closed broke off . Now we only have the bottom pin holding our children back-which is sufficient ! The hands free is absolutely essential ! Good luck !
 I just got this gate today . I am expecting twins and I figured hands free use was essential . This gate is the only one in my price range I feel comfortable with . I am glad that I spent the money . It 's very sturdy and easy to install . I installed it myself at 8 months pregnant with twins ! It 's the best .
 Wonderful , wonderful gate . Easy to install . Easy to use . We have a child and 4 greyhounds . It works well to keep them separated when need be . We have two of these gates , each at the top of a staircase . One has an extension and one did n't need it . Both gates are very secure . I would buy this gate again .
 These gates are GREAT . They are SO easy to use , you did n't know how much simpler life with baby gates could be . Between kids and dogs , I have these up in almost every doorway in my house . They are a little difficult to get adjusted correctly when you install them , and you might scuff the wall a bit , but once they are in place , I would n't trade them for the world !!!!
 This has been a great gate for us . We did not want to have to drill into the walls , so the twisting dials are great . the door also swings both ways , for easy opening from either side . We will be purchasing more of them . We needed the extension for it , and that 's really easy to install too !
 This is the fourth gate I have purchased in the last two years . I would not have purchased so many if I were not fully satisfied
 We have had this gate for a few weeks and we have no complaints . It is in a hallway to a bathroom and the baby 's room so guests must use it for the bathroom.The overwhleming comment from guests is `` phew , thank goodness it is not one of those annoying gates with buttons or handles . '' We agree - we love the hands-free !
 We recently brought home a new puppy , and I wanted a gate that would be easy for my 5 year old to use to get into and out of her toy room , but keep the puppy safe from her toys . This gate has worked perfectly ! My daughter can use it easily , and does , frequently , when she needs a break from the puppy . The puppy stays out and her toys do n't get chewed , or swallowed causing huge vet bills . It is awesome because of the vertical bars , even when our dog gets older , it will be near impossible -LRB- only the future will tell -RRB- for her to get over it.We have since moved the gate from her toy room , to the hallway that leads to both her bedroom and toy room . now all her things are safe from puppy teeth.I find it easy to use to pass thru with laundry and whatever else . Once our newest baby gets here in November , it will definitely be even more appreciated!It installed easy , my husband just used a level to ensure the gate was level vertically as we were tightening down the tension screws . Easy as pie ! We have had it for about 3 weeks now . No complaint . An awesome product .
 This is a terrific gate that is unobtrusive and easy to use . I would recommend this to anyone with children or pets .
 We love this gate , it is so easy to install . I just got rid of our superyard gate . That was not very good to use because you have to climb in and out of the gate . If you have an active child like mine , you will have to go in and out a lot . Several times i trip over it and it 's not fun when you bang your legs into the gate . It is plastic but still it hurts ! Since we just change to this hands free gate , we are so relieved . It 's worth every penny !
 We have many gates in our house and this one by far is the best one . It was very easy to install and use . My daughter loves to swing the gate closed and she has n't got hurt once , it is a very safe gate for little fingers . Very handy to open with your foot when your hands our full .
 Before buying this gate , we had an ugly green carpet that apparently the dog did not respect either . The dog decided it must have looked like the lawn outside and began using it the same way . We were constantly on our hands and knees cleaning , shampooing , and scrubbing this thing . We decided to buy new carpet and did not want the problems to start again . We bought this gate and installed it on our stairs so that she would be unable to get to the carpet while we were not home . We were concerned about the gate getting in our way , but with the hands free ability to oen and close this gate , we have had no problems . There have also been no accidents on our new carpet . We are very pleased with the function of this gate !
 This gate has worked great for us . It was relatively easy to install . I wish it had some sort of hidden storage for the plastic tightening wrench and that the screws would stay in the gate when moving it from location to location .
 This gate is very simple to install , but time-consuming to get the perfect fit . I 'd say it took me a solid half an hour the first time . I recently moved it to a doorway and spent just 15 minutes -LRB- since I am now an experienced baby gate installer -RRB- . It is tension mounted with no hardware or tools required . It does come with a little plastic wrench , which is useful for the final tightening once you have the gate in place . It does take quite a bit of elbow grease as well.I expected the gate to swing closed more easily . You have to stop and use your hand , foot , or knee to push it all the way closed - at least on mine . I do find myself using my hands most the time to make sure it 's closed , but if I do have my arms full it can definitely be operated without my hands.My baby girl is 8 months old and spends a lot of time standing at the gate -LRB- and pulling on it -RRB- . I like that if she has her hands on the gate , there is nowhere for her fingers to get pinched as I open it . Well , there is one place she could ; if she ever messed with the foot pedal near the bar that it 's connected to . I have found that if I get my foot too close to that bar when operating the foot pedal , I get a good pinch.I am using the gate in a doorway and the door is able to close normally . The braces come off the doorjamb just ever so slightly , but it is still secure.I have also used it in a hallway with one extension . In the hall , the top two braces were affixed on the wall , and the bottom two on floorboards , which come out about 1/2 '' and I still got a secure fit . The hall is 38 '' and one extension did the trick , but the extensions are about $ 16 so it could get expensive if you needed to make it wider . The manufacturer recommends only going up to 44 '' . When I removed the gate from the hall there was damage to the wall under one of the top braces - it removed paint and texture .
 I have two of these gates now . It was so easy to install , less than 5 minutes to set-up . Convenient , no need for hands . I can have my hands full and still get in and out of rooms with this little gate . Love it .
 Very pleased with my purchased had this type of gate before . Lasted for many years expect this one to do the same .
 I was having a challenging time keeping my very active and defiant 2 year old in her bedroom . She had just turned 2 and was determined to do death defying moves in order to get out of her crib . It was clearly time to move her to a big girl bed !! I needed something that was easily opened while my hands were free to carry her and 5 million other objects but would safely keep her in her room . She stood on the gate , rocked it back and forth , etc and was unable to release the tight grip of the wall pads . This gate was used in an uneven doorway in an old house but it gave me plenty of flexibility to account for inconsistencies in the door frame . About 3 months ago she figured out how to step on the foot pedal and open the door , but it is possible to remove the foot pedal so she has no choice to stay in her room . Brilliant ! Beware - if you want to close your child 's bedroom door , you wont be able to do so with the foot pedal attached . Overall , I love this product and plan to hold onto it for many many years . Best gate I have ever bought -LRB- and I have bought about 10 of them -RRB-
 What a great idea , opening a gate with your foot ! Loooooove it ! It was easy to install , that means my non mechanical hubby placed it for me in like 10 minutes . It is pretty sturdy and so far and I 'm super happy with this gate !
 We first bought this gate when our first son was a baby . -LRB- It was a slightly different design aesthetically then -- top bar was n't curved . -RRB- We put it in the most high traffic doorway in our home , between the hallway and the dining/living area . -LRB- We 're constantly going through it to get from kitchen to dining . -RRB- The genius of this product is the `` hands-free '' part . When you 're carrying a baby and a plate of food , or two plates of food , you do n't really want to set one or both on the floor to operate the baby gate . With this gate , just step down on the pedal , nudge with your knee , and you 're in . When you can have this convenience , why would you settle for a gate where you have to use your hands ?! After three and a half years of faithful service , with dozens if not hundreds of passages each day , our first gate finally gave up the ghost . -LRB- If you 're using it less often or in a not so high-traffic area , my guess is it would last twice as long as our first one did . -RRB- My husband replaced it with a different gate , which was terrible . We took it out and bought another one of these , and we 're hoping for another three years . With our old gate , our four-year-old -LRB- 35 lbs -RRB- could jump on the foot pedal and get himself through . On the new gate , the mechanism is fresh enough he ca n't let himself through , for better or worse . I 'm getting a second one for downstairs to replace another one -LRB- Evenflo -RRB- that takes * two hands * to operate and has caused me no end of frustration.THIS IS THE ONE YOU SHOULD BUY .
 We have used this gate for our children then bought another for our puppy . This is truly a wonderful gate for the mom/dad with hands full and only has a foot available to open the gate . Very nice looking too and a quality that will last a long time . Even after our sons got old enough to pull on it , it still was a solid product that was great . I highly recommend it as a mom to other moms and dads .
 I just purchased my second gate since I liked the first one so much . It is a snap to install especially with the pressure mounting system -LRB- no drilling or special tools required -RRB- . It is easy to open and close and is truly `` hands-free '' . It has a nice look to it as well . The optional extensions work well for a wider opening - I have one extension on each side and the gate still feels very solid . My 3 year old has yet to be able to open this on her own and only recently figured out how to climb over it . Highly recommended .
 works great ! my child can not open it . i have 2 of these installed . buy the extension if you have wider opening . if you have even wider opening - place a piece of wood next to the wall , i added an extra piece of 2x4 for one of the wide opening in the house . it gives the extra 2 inches needed and also protects the wall.hands free operation is very handy when you have to hold the child or carry other stuff .
 I love this baby gate ! We bought it before our son was born to keep our small dog out of the nursery . It was super easy to set up -LRB- literally took minutes , the longest part was just tightening the screws in the doorway to get it sturdy -RRB- . I love the way it looks and like that our dog ca n't knock it down like other -LRB- cheaper -RRB- gates . It 's low but not enough for a toddler to climb over , although we just have a crawler right now :-RRB- -- The only difficult part is when you step down on the lever you do have to nudge your knee or hip to open the gate -- it would have been pretty neat if it automatically swung open , but I 'm sure that could cause injury to children who think its a toy . All in all , I love this gate and guests who come over think its pretty awesome .
 Such an awesome baby gateI so love how the baby gate has a foot peddel on itSo you do n't have to open it by hand when your arms/hands are full
 I LOVE IT !!!! One of the best investments I 've made as this is perfect to have a permanent gate to keep my 4 maltese doggies in one room when I need to go out . I tried 3 other gates for this purpose but my one malt could climb over all of them but with this gate she ca n't because of the vertical bars , there 's no way for her to climb it . Also the pedal opens the gate door very easily , and the door can stay open until I need to close it giving me complete access to the room when the gate is not needed . The gate is sturdy , well made and the complete package . Well worth the money it costs . .
 Very easy to install . Up in 5 minutes . Works great . Latches easy and opens by standing on the peddle . We had a 5 year old open it with a lot of effort . We bought this for our new puppy . We had to block in the sides because our puppy is small enough to walk through . -LRB- 10 weeks old -RRB- Would recommend this product .
 We purchased this gate for our granddaughter 's safety when she was a toddler and we loved it . We gave that one away when we no longer needed it . We have just purchased the same gate -LRB- along with one extention for a wide opening -RRB- because we now have a puppy that we need to confine at times . We always loved the hands-free convenience of this gate . Even more , we love that we do n't have to high hurdle or take down a gate everytime we need access to a room.Would highly recommend this gate to anyone with small children or pets !
 I have tried many baby gates and have always been disappointed . This hands free gate is the best gate EVER ! I found that I needed to buy the extension , but it was easy to assemble , it is very secure , stable and easy to operate hands free . We use this gate at the bottom of our stairs and it gives me peace of mind that my 13 month old can no longer sneak up the stairs ! If you are looking for a pressure mounted gate , this is the one to buy !
 I needed a gate that would keep my active baby out of the bathroom from the bedroom . We had an opening with no door . So I went by the reviews on amazon and chose this gate and I must say the reviews are very accurate.Pluses : - It took no time at all to install and it was pretty self explanatory -LRB- about 5-10 minutes -RRB- - It is completely safe -LRB- no accidents here -RRB- - It actually looks very nice so there 's no dilemma between child proofing and baby safety - It 's hands free when you do n't have an extra hand - It stays very well - It 's sturdy and baby ca n't get in/out - The foot pedal is super tight so there 's no way your baby can learn how to open/close - There 's no cause for concern of little fingers getting caught - Children may find it actually fun to open/closeAfter one month of use I 'm happy to report that there are NO CONS ! If you need a gate , look no further ! * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / * / UPDATE : Bought two more ! Ca n't think of a better looking gate to put all around the house !
 This is an easy to assemble gate and works fantastic . I 'm able to carry in groceries in both hands , and open the gate with my foot . Love it .
 This is a sturdy gate which does not damage the walls . It can be moved to another location if desired . A great purchase and can withstand being manhandled by a toddler , yet can only be opened by an adult .
 This is a great gate at a great price . I have had this for about a month and open it about 20 times a day . I ordered this to keep my dogs out of my Grandmother 's room and it works perfectly . Very easy to assemble . My 2 yr old Grandson knows how I open it , but he is not strong enough to do it . Love the hands free as I am always carring something !
 I am impressed with the design of the gate . It is very easy to install . The gate seems sturdy and looks good as well . The best part is how is easy it is to operate . It is definitely worth paying extra for this gate . Truly Handsfree .
 A co-worker recommended this gate . She had used it with her dogs . The step open feature is easy to use handsfree . My 31/2 still can not get through the gate . Before I used it , my parents used it to contain their crazy 80lb golden retriever . He never was able to get over it , not it down or ruin it in anyway . This is the only gate I will ever use . Plus , no wall mounting required - sturdy pressure mount is easy to secure .
 This gate is working pretty well for us . Our 9 month old will stand and shake the gate , but it has n't opened . You do have to mount it with a lot of pressure in order to get a good fit though . I wish they just included the extension pieces with the kit instead of making you buy them separately . Because of how our woodwork is , we have it mounted a few inches above the floor , but have yet to trip over the bar . The gate is narrow , so you have to be aware of where you are in that space . As far as carrying things through it , we just lift them over -LRB- like laundry baskets -RRB- . It would n't be much of a problem , though , to uninstall and reinstall for larger items . It only took us around 5 minutes .
 We 've been using this gate for about 5 months . We 've got two large dogs and one very mobile 14 month old , and this has kept all three where they 're supposed to be . It 's easy enough to install that it goes to Grandma 's with no problem.Only issue is that after constant use , the spring in the release step seems to be acting up a little and it 's a bit harder to open , but this is definitely worth the price . The door is secure when closed , and there 's no way a precocious toddler is getting through there . We are very happy with this gate .
 I bought this gate about 2 years ago , when my oldest was one . It has held up very well and is very secure . Now 3 , both her and her sister -LRB- 1 yr -RRB- have been caught hanging from the gate . While this is not recommended , I was happy to see it hold up to the weight without breaking open.As for the construction , the bars and gate mechanisms are sturdy and well constructed . This is at the top of our stairs , contrary to mfg 's specs , but we are quite happy with the level of safety this provides.One note as to why it is not 5 stars
 I have a puggle and boxer , and neither one can jump this gate or accidentally open it . It 's the best gate I 've ever owned - and I 've gone through a LOT of gates !! It is so easy to install - did it myself and I 'm not usually good at putting things together . Easy !! Great when I 'm taking groceries in the house and do n't have an extra hand to fiddle with one of those tricky gate locks . LOVE IT !!! It does n't leave `` marks '' on the trim or `` damage '' the walls ... some reviewers must be over-tightening their gates if they 're having that much trouble . It also has NEVER shifted out of place - ever ... and I 've had it in a high traffic area -LRB- where it 's used over and over throughout the day -RRB- for nearly 3 months . Great gate - worth the money !
 We love this gate , which we 've been using for over a year at the top of our stairs . We have uneven walls in this space -LRB- smaller space at bottom of gate -RRB- due to large base molding , and this gate is a perfect solution . The foot pedal is easy to use , even while carrying a wiggling baby , and the gate is secure . We had to add one extension . I only wish the gate was available in wider widths - it would be great for our front porch .
 We 've had two of these gates for six months and have been almost 100 % happy with them . The other reviewers who note that some parts are made of cheap plastic are right - one of the little click thingies on the bottom of one of our two gates get stuck more than it should , but it still works well enough for our purposes . We love how they open and close by pushing on the pedal -LRB- ours has worked perfectly , although I see that some had said that theirs breaks -RRB- and opening with the knee . We use them to block off parts of our house to our one year old and have used them since he started to crawl . We are ordering a third one to block off the stairway upstairs now . Based on our experience and reading many reviews before deciding which gate to buy , it is my sense that for the price , most people are very happy with this gate . You might be able to spend double or triple and get THE PERFECT GATE , but really this one will probably do for about everyone . There are a few that break more than they should and very rarely a toddler that can figure out how to open them . However , our child tends to be the investigative type and has thus far made no progress learning to open the gate . This seems to be a good , decent popular working gate for most people and needs . I recommend it .
 We bought this gate to keep our dogs out of our living room after the dog with separation anxiety chewed through a more attractive wooden gate . We use the gate in an archway with French doors , keeping one door closed and mounting the gate between the edge of that door and the door frame . The main problem we have had is that the gate tends to come loose over time ; this may be because we have it mounted between a door and a frame . We have discovered that it actually stays put better if it is installed so that it latches only at the bottom . Also our dog learned to loosen one bottom screw when we are gone ; we now place our carpeted cat tree in front of that screw when we go out.The wrench used for tightening the installation screws is plastic , and ours broke after several months . I visited The First Years Web site at -LSB- ... -RSB- and e-mailed customer service . In about ten days I received not one but two replacement wrenches free of charge , which I really appreciated.This is not a perfect gate , but for the most part it is meeting our needs .
 For older parents like myself this gate ROCKS !!! All you need is a foot and knee WAMO !!! No hands needed . Only one gripe is that my small dog can pass through the bars .
 After browsing the stores for an infant gate , I thought they all pretty much left something to be desired . So , I chose this gate simply on price , fit , and the foot pedal . After reading the instructions and setting up The First Years Hands Free Gate , in way less than 10 minutes , I could n't believe what an wonderful product this is . Very sturdy and works like a charm .
 The King of baby gates . I almost did n't buy this because consumer reports did n't rate it well especially on the safety dimension . I do n't know what they were smoking , because this is an awesome baby gate . It is so easy to get through yet it is solid and kid proof . I was afraid that the little one would be able to depress the foot pedal . NOT SO . My one year old ca n't budge it . My three year old can move it a little , but not anywhere enough to open it . My six year old has to jump up and down on it a little , but can open it . For me , no handed operation is a dream come true . Perfect gate .
 This is the best gate on the market for doorways and at the top of stairs . This has made my life easier to be able to use my foot to open the door , expecially with full arms . My son can not open this as it does require some force to step down on the pedal .
 After reading all the reviews on gates , I picked this gate . It has been fantastic ! 1 -RRB- It is easy to install and it does not mar the wall like the tension fit gates do . It 's also easy to remove . If you have company coming and you want to take the gate down for the evening , no problem .2 -RRB- We have had ours for a year in the highest traffic area in our house and the pedal has NOT broken . After reading the other reviews , this was a concern of mine . We just make sure we press our foot on the entire pedal and not on the tip of the pedal .3 -RRB- While some have reviewed the gate opening as being too small , we have found that it is perfect.This gate can get to be a bit pricey once you start adding the gate extentions like I did , but it will be the best gate you ever own . I highly recommend it .
 We 've been through at least a dozen different varieties of baby gates over the years as we have a 7 yr old and a 1 yr old and many pets . By far , this is the best we 've seen . Its solidly constructed , easy to install , can be positioned in a number of places that most gates just wo n't work and is only slightly more expensive than less effective models . I do n't know anyone with tots that does n't walk around the house carrying something when they need to go into the gated area -- laundry baskets , baby , etc. . With this gate , no need to put anything down to open it . Just step on the pedal latch and press your knee against gate . -LRB- It 'll be obvious when you see it -RRB- . The gate swings open without needing your hands . Also , the pedal requires a significant amount of weight be applied so its safe and the tots ca n't accidentally open it . We bought one initially with the extension to fit a very awkwardly positioned high-traffic area where no other gate could be installed . Now we 're buying a second gate for another spot because it solves the baby-containment problem so well .
 We were concerned about how we were going to contain our two 90lb Lab mixed dogs in an area away from baby when we needed to . We tried out a few of the -LRB- less expensive -RRB- plastic pressure mounted gates and the dogs just pummeled over them , plus we had to climb over those gates or take them apart to get through . Buying the Hands Free Gate has been one of the most useful purchases yet ! These gates are SUPER sturdy and durable . Even with a very large dog pounding against it , the gate does n't budge or weaken -LRB- and we have two extensions ! -RRB- Also , the hands free feature has been a lifesaver - literally - no tripping and causing injury while trying to get your leg over a high gate . Do n't waste your money on trying other gates - believe me , this will be a truly rewarding investment .
 This is a great gate . It took me less then 15 minutes to install it and you do n't need any tools . It 's easy to work and it stays in place . We have it blocking the entrance to the kitchen and it gets used alot . I highly recommend this product .
 I love this gate !! We have it at the bottom of our stairs to keep our crazy little guy from taking off up the stairs and it works great . It 's so sturdy that we have n't had a problem yet , even when he grabs ahold of it with both hands and shakes it !! It 's so easy for adults to open , even with your hands full -LRB- especially with a sleepy baby on his way to bed !! -RRB- This gate is wonderful !
 We initially purchased this gate to keep our dogs contained in certain rooms of the house . Now that we 're expecting , and friends with toddlers have been to the house , I know we made the right choice!The assembly is a cinch and does n't mark up the doorframes . The height is acceptable for both of us -LRB- 5 ' 5 '' and 6 ' 3 '' -RRB- , and since it requires substantial foot pressure to open the door , toddlers will try but wo n't succeed !
 Ca n't say enough about this gate . It is a solid gate but the swing door really can work with just slight push of your knee . It 's much needed when carrying in baby and/or groceries . Our 10-1/2 month daughter uses it to stand up with and shakes it with all her might - it does n't budge . We also had to buy the extention kit because it went into our hallway - easy to set up.Well worth the money . The First Years makes quality products .
 This gate is great . I bought 2 for my 2 year old to stay out of rooms that he is not allowed to go in to . Its so easy , I just do n't know what I would do with out it . Anybody out there that wants to buy a gate , it is well worth the money to buy this gate . No more climbing over gates or drilling holes in the wall for those other gates that open . They are also the tallest gates , which is good , cause then they will last longer , unlike the others that are so short , they can climb them . They also have up and down bars instead of checkered like the others . -LRB- makes it where they ca n't climb -RRB- Your child will have to be at least 4-5 years old before they will be able to push the peadle hard enough to open it . My son could climb any gate I bought till this one . Great gate , 5 stars ! Love it !
 This gate is FABULOUS - I ca n't say enough good things about it !!! It has so many great features!It is the toughest pressure-mounted gate on the market -LRB- and the easiest to install with the included `` wrench '' -RRB- . The screw mechanisms make it easy to get the gate in TIGHT -LRB- and there are no holes in any of my doorways ! -RRB- . I use it with zero extensions , one extension , and two extensions , and it works equally as well with any configuration . Even though the manufacturer recommends not putting the gates at the top of the stairs , I have them at the top of both my flights of stairs and have not had any problems with them.The `` doors '' are very simple and easy to open - the hands-free mechanism is a wonderful and comes in handy all the time . I love being able to carry things - including the kids - where I want and not worry about having to open the gate by hand . An added bonus is that my 31/2 and 5-year-old children can open the gates themselves with little effort by holding onto the gate and `` jumping '' on the pedal -LRB- and they are now old enough to be in the spaces where I do n't want my 1-year-old to go -RRB- . It is extremely sturdy and stands up to even the most aggressive child . My youngest tries his darndest to get through our gates every day - including trying to climb up them , which he ca n't because they have vertical bars . He also tries to hold onto the gate and `` jump '' to open the door -LRB- from watching his older siblings -RRB- and never once has it come loose.I HIGHLY recommend this gate - we love it !
 We needed a gate for my son who is all over the place , what a great purchase . I even got the extensions for my wall . My husband and I think it was the best investment ever . Very easy to install . One thing about the gate that is really great , you do n't have to put screws into the wall and damage your walls . That was my biggest concern . What an invention . Thank you to the company who made this gate .
 This is a great product by The First Years . We have tried other gates , but this is the best by far . We own two and have had them for nearly 2 years . They are easy to install and very sturdy . One of the foot pedals did break , but I called The First Years customer service and they sent a replacement immediately ! Another reviewer mentioned that the gate sticks sometimes and that happened with ours at first . A minor adjustment in tension solved it . A little pricier than some of the others , but well worth it . Great for kids and pets !
 We bought this gate since it seemed easy to use and we ended up loving it . For those people who had difficulty with the foot pedal -LRB- i.e. , it broke -RRB- , the First Years has since reinforced it with fiberglass.Its a great gate . I would highly recommend it !!!
 This gate is sturdy , well built , and very easy to use . It enables mom to get in and out using her foot . I can carry full laundry baskets through & never have to put them down . You need a firm step to open it , so a child can not operate it . This gate is WELL worth the price .
 I am a mom to Quadruplets and to my suprise when these little ones started crawling at 6 months old , they were instantly everywhere ! I had to find the best gate and I had to find it fast!I did a ton of research before making my purchase , as I always do . And chose the Hands-Free Gate by The First Years.This gate is used between my kitchen and living room -LRB- high traffic area -RRB- and it works out great ! You step on the pedal -LRB- NOW NEW AND IMPROVED Pedal , oposed to the old model -RRB- use your knee to push the door open , kick it closed and that 's it!I 've walked in and out of the kitchen with babies in arms , food , bottles , the works and this gate has never been a hassle.I HIGHLY recommend it to everyone in search of a good sturdy and easy to use gate!The Pedal requires a good amount of pressure to open , therfor the 3-5 year old 's I 've had in my home have not been able to get the gate open ! So an infant is sure to not open this one!We give this gate eight thumbs up !
 This gate had worked really well for us . We especially like the fact that it is spring loaded and does n't require any hardware to install . The hands free feature is excellent and so much more convenient than those other clumsy gates . I do wish that extenders were sold so that we could use it throughout the rest of the house for our larger openings .
 I bought this gate to keep my one year old from the falling down the stairway into the basement . I was looking for a gate that would allow easy access to warranted adults and discourage any little people from getting hurt . Not only does it block passage to the basement stairs but also to the landing and our back door . Our back door is our main entrance and that is where you will find the most traffic . Hurdling a gate was much easier when I was an energetic , single 20-something . I 'm always doing 5 things at once so the idea of a gate that allowed me to walk through and quickly close behind me was wonderful . I read all of the reviews on the various products out there and when I went into the store my choice became much easier . I was able to rule out the ones that consistently had negative reviews by the consumers . I was attracted to this gate for it 's sleek finish and rounded edges . I liked the idea of it being an adjustable mount ... I did n't want to have to permanently mar the door frames if I did n't have to . It went up within 15 minutes and that included taking it from the box , reading instructions and mounting it in the door frame . I did not need to purchase the extension pieces . I find it easy to operate with one foot and my knee to propel the gate open . I like that this gate swings in or out . I also like the sturdy feel to it . The bars are close enough together to keep my son from sticking toys thru -LRB- trying to free his animals -RRB- but not wide enough to introduce a head or leg into . I like that I do n't have to take it up and down and I do n't have to worry `` did I put the gate up ? '' The only negatives I would point out to someone who is purchasing this gate would be
 This gate is fantastic . We have 2 in very highly travelled areas of our home , along with 2 extensions on each to make them fit a wider opening . They are sturdy , and the bottom can be adjusted separately from the top bar to accomodate differences in width -LRB- ie baseboards -RRB- . You have to really press down on the step to open the gate , but that helps keep a child from opening it . They are also easy to open when your hands are full . We 've had no problems after 6 mos , but even if something broke , we 'd call the company for a replacement . We 've used many other gates , and these are the most convenient and nicest looking I 've seen . One note , it would be nice if the company made it a little wider because I added 2 extensions to each gate at a total of $ . . extra per gate ... Still worth it though . Our other baby gates are now in the pile for Goodwill .
 I like the look and feel of this gate and the concept that it 's a `` hands-free '' design for opening , because let 's face it -- a gate that requires that you use your hands to open is worthless for a mom holding a baby . It seems to be a pretty solid construction , and for a tension gate , it actually holds pretty well . Not only does this gate confine pets and babies/toddlers/little kids , it seems to be adult-proof , too . Every single adult that has come into my house has hesitated at this gate because they could n't figure it out . HA!There are definitely some downsides to it , but it has been serving us well as a dog and baby gate for close to two years now.Pros : - Hands-free opening - Clean , simple , solid design - Ability to add extenders which work great for wide hallways -LRB- I use one on each side of the gate -RRB- - Tension-mount system so it 's movable and you do n't have to put holes in your walls.Cons : - Beware if you have painted your walls recently -LRB- Recent for us was maybe a few months prior -RRB- . The rubber grip pads just ripped the paint right off when I released the tension in the holding rods . I 'm not sure if the paint on our walls is cheap or if it 's because there are just too many layers of paint or what , but I ripped a large chunk out of the wall upon moving the gate . So yeah , having to patch that sort of defeated the purpose of avoiding a gate that required mounting hardware . - Pedal can get `` stuck '' and become temperamental . I think this also causes problems with closing . You should be able to close this easily by just pushing the gate back , but it always sticks in one of the directions and requires more care to close it properly . - I do n't know how , but my now almost 21 month-old has managed to open this gate maybe 10 times by now . She refuses to tell me how and every time I try to watch her try , she acts all helpless and ca n't open it . So yeah , she 's apparently a step ahead of all our visiting adults who ca n't open this thing.Despite the fact that she can open it from time to time , I still like this gate and it has really been an important feature in our home . Even before she was crawling or walking , it was perfect for keeping our two big dogs confined to one side of the house . If I had to purchase a replacement gate , I would n't hesitate to get another one of these .
 I never write reviews , but in my search for a nice looking , sturdy safe gate , I found this one to be exceptional ! Very easy to assemble , I put it up myself , and seems to work great . I love the fact that its pressure mounted , and no drilling is required . Definately buy this gate !
 My husband and I registered for this item and think it is the greatest thing . Being able to open and close the gate with no hands is a dreamas we have tried several for use previously with our pets that were just awful . There are only two things I would like to point out that require improvement in order for it to be rated five-star . First , the manufacturer needs to make an adjustment to the pedal where the gate closure pin secures the gate closed . Currently it looks like an upside down `` U '' shape , but the top pin area is totally enlosed . I found this to be very important as I walked through the open gate one morning and the sharp corner on the bottom sliced open my toe . Secondly make sure you measure the area where you plan on locating the gate as it does n't fit all door spaces . It needs expansion options .
 We went through four gates before we bought this one & ended up so excited by it we bought three ! The wonderful features - it 's stable & fits tightly in the doorframe -LRB- my 8 month old was able to knock over one of the prior gates -RRB- but you do n't have to screw anything into the wall as it is entirely pressure mounted . My two year old knows how to open it , but is still unable to do so as she is not yet strong enough . The fact that it swings open instead of having to be removed entirely & that it is hands free means that we keep it in place & closed almost all the time - a big safety improvement over those gates that are just so frustrating that you keep removing them . I 've recommended it to everyone !
 I bought 2 of these gates to keep my dogs off the carpet and they are terrific . With a new baby the hands free gate is a must . This gate works great even in an uneven doorway since it 's completely adjustable . The only issue is the width of the opening is kind of small but it has n't been a problem .
 A cinch to install with a special wrench the mfgr supplies . Some safety experts say that these pressure-mounted gates are a risk . I am sure that 's true at the top of stairs , but for us , using this just between rooms , it can be installed verrrrry tightly without marring the woodwork . The opening seems narrow at 18 '' , but it 's sufficient for everyone we 've had over.Sturdy and attractive , this gate means business !
 This is the best baby gate I have ever used . The Hands free design is a life saver for a high traffic area like where I have it at . And the pressure mounting saves my walls ! It is one of the sturdiest gates you will ever find also . I have 2 large dogs that like to jump on it and a little one who likes to shake it and not to mention all the times my husband and I have run into it . But it doesnt ' move even the tiniest bit !! It is so safe and secure !
 I have a 21 month old and a 3 month old . I purchased this gate while pregnant with my 2nd child . The gate works GREAT ! Like others have stated , it is a little narrow . I had no problem with installation and have not needed to tighten it since installation . Sometimes the top and bottom springs , used to keep it closed , do n't line up regularly but other than that , works very well . -LRB- this has not been a problem with function or safety of the gate so far -RRB- I can hold my 3 month old and open the gate , hands free , with no problem . The step to open the gate with has too much pressure for my oldest to open , so I do n't need to worry about her opening this gate . Over all , very much worth the purchase .
 My husband had the gate mounted -LRB- to include attaching an extension to the gate -RRB- in no time ! Once it was mounted , it remained secured with no possibility of any of us knocking it over . This had previously happened with a different pressure-mounted gate when my 1-year old leaned on the gate and knocked it down with her crashing flat on the hardwood floor on top of the gate -LRB- ouch !! -RRB- . The pedals are hard enough that my daughter will not be able to open the gate by pressing on it with her hand -LRB- a serious concern for me prior to purchasing the gate -RRB- . All in all , a very secure , stable , easy , and practical gate . Worth every penny ! Unless you like to climb over safety gates with no doors , this is the best out there !
 I must say that this gate is definitely worth the cost . I do n't have children -LRB- yet -RRB- , but needed a sturdy gate for my puppy -LRB- now a year old -RRB- . I needed something with a swing gate that was easy to open and close but that would not warp or lose it 's sturdyness -LRB- sp -RRB- . My dog is now a year old and a healthy 75 pounds . I ca n't tell you how many times she has jumped up on the gate trying to knock it down but could n't . I plan on keeping this gate and probably buying more of them when we have children . It definitely helps to put my mind at ease to know that when I 'm not at home , my dog is safe and sound and NOT getting into trouble .
 The gate was easy to assemble and install in a doorway ... took less than 10 minutes to get the job done . Looks great in my house and does n't look cheap , and the footpedal feature is so useful ... I will be buying more for other parts of my house .
 This gate was an excellent purchase , easy to install , easy to manage and practical . I deeply recommend this gate to everybody . This gate is the safest and secure .
 This gate is amazing . I have 3 dogs and use it to keep them out of areas that are off limits . It is fantastic!Easy to install , reasonably priced , excellent quality , easy to use . I like it so much I am thinking of buying another one just in case anything ever happens to the one have . Its one of those itemsthat is so good you ca n't imagine having to do without it . Well worth the price .
 We love this gate , I have tried many gates , and this is definitely the best!Pros : No hands to openOpens easily for an adultsmall children can not open itlooks niceconvenientCons : None that I can find , other than you it 's not a good gate for stairs .
 We had no idea there were so many -LRB- confusing -RRB- options to buying a gate . This was the ONLY one that did what we needed without any extra bells and whistles . Because we were not using it around the stairs , we wanted a metal gate , that was pressure mounted , and swung open - easy , right ??? Wrong!The only other one we could find in the stores is Evenflo 's gate with a remote . We really did n't want to have a situation where the electronics might fail -LRB- or just need new batteries -RRB- , so this gate was the winner . It took minutes to install and it could n't be easier to use -LRB- I was weary of the foot petal at first -RRB- . It clicks shut easily with just a swing of the gate . Just make sure you use the instructions to install it so you have the correct tightness for the latch -LRB- they provide a wrench that takes out the guesswork -RRB- . The ONLY reason I 'm giving it 4 stars is the width . Many models go wider and you have to purchase an extension for larger openings -LRB- i.e. our `` I thought , standard '' hallway -RRB- . Because it fits smaller openings , it makes for a very narrow gate . I would prefer they made two models so you 're not left with a small opening while walking through a larger hall.Otherwise - it 's THE gate to have for non-stair situations !!!
 I was looking for a gate that would be secure yet not require making holes in the walls , and that could be moved to different areas as the need arose . Assembly was very easy , and it is secure . My daughter ca n't budge it . I love the hands free option . It is so much safer than hopping over it constantly . Not to mention I wo n't be teaching my daughter to simply go over it . It fits great in door ways , but if you plan to use it in a hall make sure you take your measurements before you order so you get the extension if needed . -LRB- The extention works great too ! -RRB- It does n't compromise the sturdy fit at all .
 We 've had two of these gates in our house since July 2004 when our granddaughter turned 10 months old.She was crawling around very fast and starting to stand and since I -LRB- Grandma -RRB- babysits her 3 days of the week , we needed gates on certain areas of our house.We have one gate across the dooway of the computer room and one across the kitchen doorway.These gates are extremely easy to install.The ones we have seem to be very durable and we have not yet encountered any problems with them.Kiersten 's Mom and Dad liked them so well we also bought them one as a gift.Kiersten is now 32 months old and we still have them in the same place.They are rather expensive -LRB- we paid $ 50 per gate when we bought them at Target -RRB- but I feel they are worth it.I also feel they are child proof.Kiersten knows from watching that that you press the pedal with your foot and push the gate open but she does not have enough weight or strength to do that , although she has tried.There are other less expensive gates , but they do not compare to this one .
 Our only regret ? We should have purchased this gate years ago and saved lots of `` tripping '' incidents with our older more standard baby gate!Installation took approximately 5 minutes . The hands-free swing open style with no hardware mounting needed is just wonderful !
 I do n't know why I bothered with any other gates . I am so glad I purchashed this one . I assembled it without the manual - so easy !! I took it out of the box and it was up on 10 minutes .
 I can not say enough about how wonderful this gate has been for our home . We initially purchased these gates to keep our dogs out of areas where our baby was , but not it has been wonderful to help us keep our baby contained to one area since she is mobile . The extensions to the gate were great also because our doors are wider than normal . This gate is well worth the money ... sturdy , practical , and attractive !
 I purchased this gate when my son was learning to crawl ... as stuck it on the bathroom door frame to keep him out - it was wonderful ! I could be in the bathroom watching him in the hall as I did my hair or cleaned , without him getting into the toilet or pulling the blowdrier down . He learned to pull himself up with this gate , and I feel like it is extremely sturdy . I love that when guests came over , the bathroom door would still shut , and they all loved that it was so easy to use . The pressure mounts are very secure and were very gentle on both of the appartments we have used it in as well . This gate now is on our baby 's door frame to keep 2 year old big brother out during nap time , but still let mommy hear when the baby needs her . I love that my tall 35 lb and 39 inch 2 year old ca n't open it , but that for anyone over 6 that has tried it in my home , it is very simple and effortless ! This is a wonderful gate , and I would -LRB- and do -RRB- recommend it to anyone ! We have used it for over 2 years now , and still love it !
 I could n't be more pleased with this gate . I get complements all the time from visitors to my home . It works great and looks fantastic .
 When looking for a gate I read many reviews and considered our needs . We wanted to keep the baby within certain rooms - later . However , we currently wanted a gate that would also keep our three , large dogs confined to one room . This gate will definitely keep out a small baby if it can contain our critters . The hands free part works well and is easy use . You do need to give it a small push to lock back into place , but this does n't pose a problem - can be done with your foot , knee , etc. .
 We purchased two gates before stumbling onto this one . It is the easiest gate to use and assemble . We had to add on the extension and that was just as easy to assemble . It is also easy enough for my seven year old to use and too difficult for my 17 month old to open . Although my toddler figured out how to step on the lever , he is not heavy enough to open the gate . This gate is wonderful and I recommend it to ALL of my friends !
 This is a great gate . I looked all over for the perfect gate for our front room . We certainly did not want one that required us to install hardware and that would then leave permanent marks on our walls . This gate is sturdy and also looks nicer than the others I ran across . This gate is well worth the cost . Again I love this gate .
 This gate is the best gate I have ever purchased . My son is currently 10 months old , we out up these gates when he just started crawling . I also have nieces and nephews that come over , rangeing in age from 6 to 18 months . They have a hard time trying to get this gate open . That I Love it ! It keeps everyone safe . I had originally boughten a cheaper gate and within the first week of my niece standing by it collapsed and she was injured . I returned the gate and got one if these and we have been safe ever since . Well worth the money you pay and I have recommended this gate to everyone that I know that is starting a family . I am also and RN in a OB office and I have recommended it to my patients as well .
 I was leary of purchesing this gate . However now that we have one we ordered another one . It is very easy to use and fits well in the doorway . I only wish it was able to fit larger openings . Most homes these days have larger doorways so do n't expect it to fit oversized openings , however if you are looking for an excellant gate for standard doorways this is the one . I ca n't say enough how perfect this gate is . Adults are able to open the gate but children are not able to , our friends 5 year old ca n't get it open without help . I would tell anyone looking for a gate to get this one . You wo n't be sorry !
 My husband and I just got this Hands-Free Gate for guarding our eight months old baby from crawling into the kitchen . We are very satisfy with it . In fact , my husband would often praise about this product and also the person -LRB- s -RRB- who designed it . The quality of this product is very durable and it is easy to install . I can go in and out through the gate easy while my hands are full with stuffs . When it calls a `` Hand-Free Gate '' , it means it !
 I orginally bought the `` Sure & Secure Walk Thru Gate '' by Summer Infant Products and I HATED it . Read the reviews if you are thinking of buying it . I exchanged it fot this gate . It is a much better gate and I LOVE it . It is easy to install and use . It is truly hands free .
 I love this gate . It is just so easy to use . Anyone can figure out how to open the gate , but little children can not open it even if they try . They are just not heavy enough to effectively push down on the foot latch.On the other hand , my adult guests can open and close the gate on their own without any trouble . I 've been to a couple of houses where the guests had a tough time figuring out how to open the safety gates . Not good if it was the only way to get to the restroom.It is also very sturdy . It 's great for my toddler son . My 6-year old nephew likes to rattle it with all of his might when he visits , and it does n't budge .
 I am very pleased for several reasons . The timeliness in which I received my purchase , the ease at installing and the way in which it opens easily for me but not for the toddler . I will definitely recommend this gate to anyone who has a small child .
 We have had three different gates , this one is the best . Not having to bend down to unlatch it is extremely helpful when carrying the wee one , or anything else for that matter ! It 's sturdy so that when he looks like a convict behind bars and begins try to rattle in protest , it does n't budge .
 We bought this gate to put in our twins doorway . We use it to keep the twins in and discourage the cats from going in . The gate is high enough that the cats do n't jump over it even though they could if they really wanted . The gate is really easy to open once you get the hang of it . I am in and out of the twin 's room constantly frequently carrying both kids . I love that I do n't have to put one or both kids down to open/close the gate .
 I tried a few different pressure-mounted gates before finding this one , and this one is far and away the best . I 've had it for 6 years now and used it through both my kids ' toddler years , and it still works just as well as the day I bought it.The ability to open and close the gate without using my hands is indispensable . And , unlike many of the cheaper pressure-mounted gates , this one does n't move no matter how hard my screaming 3-year-old pushes or pulls . And you have to put real pressure on the pedal to get the thing open - my 3-year-old puts all his weight on it and still ca n't get it open , but my 6-year-old can open it if she pushes really hard , which is great because the older one can let the younger one in or out if need be.Like any gate , the installation is a bit difficult the first time , but they include a little plastic wrench , which is the only tool you need . And once you 've done it once , it 's no big deal to remove and install somewhere else if you want to . My parents bought this same gate so they can install it whenever I bring my kids over and remove it when we leave , and they like it as much as we do . It swings in and out , and you can orient it with the step on either side of the doorway depending on what 's convenient for you , so it 's very versatile.Bottom line
 I really like this gate . Most pressure mounted gates are not really secure even if tightened as much as possible but this one is the best I 've tried . It 's really easy to install . I needed two extentions , but even with them it only takes a few mins . to install . It opens just like they claim it does and my three year old can not open it , no matter how hard she tries . My only problem with it is that the foot petal can pinch bare feet if you do n't put your foot on it just right . But it only takes a few times of being pinched to remember the right way .
 We have two of these gates that we use to contain the babies -LRB- 15 mo. and 4 mo. -RRB- IN the living room and to keep the dog OUT of the living room . Easily installed and adjustable . We have n't had to use any extensions . 15 mo. old ca n't open it but 6 yr . old nephew can operate it easily on his own . We are buying a third one of these to keep the 15 mo. old out of the laundry room . They are WONDERFUL !
 We purchased this gate when our baby was a newborn to keep the dogs off of the rugs -LRB- where the baby would eventually play -RRB- and out of the baby 's room . The gates are sturdy and work very well , even when your hands are full . It is great that they swing open both ways AND we did not have to drill any holes into our new home . Very satisfied !
 This gate is a must have !!!!! Over the past 8 years , 2 kids and a dog , I have used all kinds of gates but this one is the best ... it is easy to install in a standard doorway , my toddler can not climb over it , it 's to high for the dog to jump over , it does not mess up you paint from constant putting it up & taking it down . I have n't had one problem with it at all!One suggestion ... Walmart is selling this item slightly cheaper ... print out there ad and Toys R Us will price match . : -RRB-
 My house was built in 1899 so our doorways are all 30 '' wide . This gate fit perfectly without the extension , so I ca n't comment on that.The gate was super easy to install once I read the instructions and it works wonders . We wanted a gate on the nursery to keep our pets out , but still be able to keep the door open for air flow and easy peeks . Regular pressure mounted gates involved a dangerous balance trying to step over them -LRB- too lazy to remove and remount them every time -RRB- , so this was ideal . The foot pedal takes a few tries to get really fast at stepping on without having to stop and look for it , but once you get used to it , it 's seamless going in and out . The `` click '' of the gate when it closes may disturb very light sleeping babies , but we leave a fan running in the room for white noise and the click has not been a problem yet.The construction of this gate is excellent . I love the threshhold at the bottom to avoid tripping . The gate itself is metal -LRB- so very easy to wipe clean -RRB- and the bars are set close enough that my cat has not been able to get through them . I plan to get 2 more of these when crawling starts .
 This gate is wonderful . My cousin recommended and it is well worth the 50 dollars I paid for it . My son stands , shakes , pounds , and still it stands sturdy . It takes kids about 50 lbs and over to push with the amount of pressure this takes to open . Even adults that have come over our house are puzzled by how to open it . We have two openings to our kitchen we put this gate in the most used one and its easy to open and is really hands free . Our opening is on a diagional and this gate is fine and was easy to install . I totally recommend this gate !!!
 I bought the metal gate to keep a 115lb German Shepard contained in a bedroom at times . I was n't sure it would do the trick , but it keeps her in , and lets her see what is going on outside the room which helps keep her calmer in `` prison '' . I was able to install is easily by myself , -LRB- yes I am a woman -RRB- . It is so easy to enter and exit . It is one of the best purchases I have made in a while.B.Bowden
 Easy to install , user friedly , props open while they 're asleep , truly hands free . We bought 2 !
 Excellent quality , sturdy construction . When hands are full , step on gate opener and use your knee to open , great option when carrying my grandson into his bedroom . Shop around for prices tho , as I 've seen up to $ 10-15 variance from diferent outlets
 This gate is very easy to setup and has worked very effectively in keeping our home office protected from our one-and-a-half-year-old . I highly recommend this if you 're looking for a fixed gate solution that is easy to install and move .
 I love love love this gate . It 's stronger and more lasting than any plastic gate . Once in place it ca n't be moved . It keeps my son away from the kitchen which I love because he is out harms way when I am cooking . He stand and watches while I move around . Best gate ever !
 I got this for the bottom of stairs to contain my baby / toddler and my then 4 yr old son had a hard time opening this gate . He did get the hang of it , but he 's on the large end of the scale for his age and a child at the smaller end of the scale may not be big enough to open this gate . I say `` big '' enough because you step on the pedal & put weight on it to open it . And if you 're a small 4 yr old then you may not be heavy enough .
 I had need to block off the part of our house with new carpeting from our bichon puppy who demonstrates her anger at us by pooping in the corners . We previously used chairs , boards , and cheap baby gates , but they made passage into that part of the house really difficult . While shopping on Amazon for a pet sprayer to wash this mangy mut , I came upon the Hands Free gate and in desparation , I bought it . What a great product !! Easy to install , easy to manipulate ... it gave me access to all of the house once more , but not the dog . I highly recommend it .
 You push the pedal at the bottom w/your foot and the gate opens hands-free . Very awsome and 100 % worth the money . I have always used mine to keep the dogs out of where I do n't want them . It is excellent . Currently its on the door to my laundry room . The cat 's food is in there and I do n't want the dog going in and eating it . It is perfect and I have easy access when my arms are full of laundry . Being white metal , it blends in well and does n't look cheap or trashy like most of the child gates out there . I have had mine for 4 years and moved from Germany to the states w/it and it works just fine .
 Takes a little getting used to with the stepping and pushing with knee to open , but all in all a good product .
 Just what we were looking for . We have twins and wanted something strong but we can use hands free . We definitely recommend this product .
 This is a really good gate . I made the mistake for purchasing it for use atop our stairs . As soon as I got it together I realized it is DEFINITELY not supposed to be used near stairs . I am now using somewhere else and it works great . My only complaint is that the opening is a bit narrow .
 Look no further , this is the gate you want ! The setup was very easy and it 's a lot more sturdy than I expected . I have a cat room where my kitties can play and I did n't want my puppy getting in there and eating their food or -LRB- ewww -RRB- their litter droppings . But I still need easy access to the room to feed the kitties and change their litter . This gate is incredible . It opens easily with one foot , handless ! A slight nudge on the gate with your foot after you cross the threshold clicks it back into place effortlessly . My kitties can jump over it or squeeze through the slits to get to their room . I pulled and tugged on it with enough force to see how easy it would be to dislodge it from the frame and was amazed that I could n't force it out once it was installed . If for some reason you need to relocate it , it 's easy enough to disassemble and place elsewhere . I very highly recommend this product !
 We bought this per the positive safety recommendations online and friends with kids . We have had 2 installed -LRB- at the top and bottom of the staircase -RRB- for 18 months now and it still works great ! Our little 18 month old thinks she is an ape and stands holding the bars shaking them as hard as she can , but it does not budge ! Glad they now include the extra piece that you ALWAYS needed , but was not originally included when we made our purchase . We would mot trust any other brand of gate ! And the most ambitious large dogs -LRB- our own and friends have not made it through or over it yet either . -RRB-
 The gate really does work well but we needed to buy two extensions to get it to fit and we thought the extensions were overpriced .
 great product . the hands free gate ensures that my wife will not trip over the old doggy gate as she 's bringing dinner out of the kitchen . loved it so much we put them in all the doors we want to keep the dogs out of , very easy n quick to install .
 the gate looks as if it was defective because the bars do n't look straight , but as the instruction says , once you pressure mount it , it works fine .
 This gate is exactly what I was looking for . Super easy to assemble . Very sturdy . Looks good . Affordable . Quick delivery . Absolutely perfect !
 Not a lot to say ... gate is sturdy , no problems with installation , impossible for a child to open . Thumbs up !
 This is my second gate I 've purchased , it 's fantastic . The foot operation is a life saver to be able to egress thru it without having to juggle what you are holding . This is also a great baby gate for keeping animals out of areas of your house .
 ready to get a couple more of them . I brought back another model from the store as a temporary fix , and my spouse gave me a dirty look and told me to get the real thing . easy to use , easy to install , difficult for the 1 year old to defeat . The cats can jump over it as needed . Perfect solution for what we needed .
 The first gate worked so well , I bought a second one . These are very user friendly and work great when carrying large items through doorways . Inherent tension in the gate 's frame allows for screw-less installation -LRB- which is great when you need to move it to other locations ... no screw hole artifacts.The foot pedal spring mechanism may seem to be a little firm for some people but it insures a positive retention of the gate .
 I have twins and could n't live without a hands free gate . This was a life saver for us . I could easily open the safety gate with a baby in each of my hands .
 I love this gate ! Once I bought it , I did n't want any other kind of baby gate in the house . It 's a dream to operate when your hands are full , just step on the mechanism and knee it open , instead of fumbling with tricky latches or buttons . I especially love the ramp over the bottom bar , prevents tripping and stumbling . It is also very sturdy , when properly installed and tightened , my daughter has tried to shake it as hard as she can but it always stands solid . I really ca n't praise it enough , it 's the best baby gate I have ever used or seen .
 We have this mounted on the top of our stair case and it works perfect . We 've had it for 6months and no complaints . I really like how it 's hands free , it helps when you have to carry an armful .
 This is a great gate , but one thing I would change is the opening size -LRB- the part of the gate that actually opens -RRB- . Even for people who are not large - sometimes this opening seems too small .
 This is a fantastic gate ! it was very easy to install - I did it myself in under 10 minutes.I love the idea of the pedal , who wants to mess with handles when your hands are full?I did read some negative reviews before purchasing this gate but most of them seem like user error ... it clearly states in the instructions that this gate is not to be used on stairs .
 i 've had one of these for years & got another for my daughter 's dog & they are perfect to keep them out of where they do n't belong & in where they do ! good sturdy quality & price is good . simple assembly -- literally only takes minutes to put up .
 I love this gate ... our doorway was about 42 '' so we needed 2 of the gate extensions , but once installed it works perfectly !!! So happy we went this this gate ... I love the hands-free aspect !!
 This is a nice looking gate that can be kept up year round ! I have had the wooden gates and you either have to take it down or step over it -LRB- and risk almost falling at times ! -RRB- Plus the wooden gate have scratched the paint off the surface of my door frames.This gate has rubber pieces so it can not scratch anything!Spend the extra money and get this one you will not be sorry , I promise .
 I love this gate . We wanted to preserve our woodwork , so a pressure-mounted gate was important for us . This one was very easy to install and has n't budged an inch in the 8 months it 's been in place . It 's very easy to open and close , and very sturdy , even with a 16-month old shaking the bars . We have another brand at the bottom of our stairs and it is n't nearly as easy to use as this one . I 've recommended it to several new parents and even to pet owners . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Easy to install and easy to use ! I feel much safer with this gate up than the others . With the tension gates , I would take them down , walk through , and then try to put them back up every time . That was a hassle not to mention I did n't always get tension tight and the gate would fall down . That also caused a lot of wear and tear on my doorway walls . This gate , just push the lever , open and shut , period ! I 've been through lots of gates with my 3 -LRB- almost 4 -RRB- children and our dear dogs - and this has been my favorite !
 I was skeptical at first cuz it looked too easy but we love it . My son isnt old enough to move around -LRB- 41/2 months -RRB- but we have dogs and want to keep them away and its so easy to walk through
 Thought I would never find a pressure mounted gate just right for me and my toddler ... and my dogs !!!! Thanks to other reviews , I tried this one out . . and I could n't be happier !!!! Convenient ... easy to assemble ... does n't damage walls ... keeps baby from climbing it ... keeps dogs from jumping it ... I do n't have to climb it if my hands are full ... the list of why this is the best gate ever goes on and on and on ... it was made for the busy mom of two-legged children as well as the four-legged ... BUY THIS ONE !!! ... you 'll find the others wo n't compare . .
 A wonderful product . Easy to install , easier to use . I 've purchased 2 others since my initial purchase and could n't be happier .
 I had this gate for about five months . I love it . I am 5 ' 1 '' and trying to climb over a gate with something or someone -LRB- i.e. your child -RRB- in your hands is somewhat a task . I had two wooden gates that you step over . One broke 2 months after I had it , I guess from my 6 year old having to climb it . The other one I had from when my 6 year was a toddler . Guess they do n't make them like they use to !! :--RRB- I also have a plastic gate that you twist the top and bottom rods to secure against the door way . Works good , except it 's a little high to be climbing . I have that one between my french door and the sliding screen door . That way my 19 month old can not slide the screen door open and walk outside . The hands free gate from the first years , is the best that I found . You can hear the click for when it locks . Although my 6 year old likes to hang on it , so it did have to be adjusted so the pegs lined up and locked right . I had to buy one extension in order for it to fit . I do have one complanit it should come a little bigger without buying and extension . I am looking in to buying another one for my deck outside .
 Not only do we think this gate is terrific but so do all of the other parents who have seen it . Positives
 This gate is wonderful !!! It is easy to install , and very easy to open and close . I have them all over the House . They even work to keep the dog out of the babies room . The best gate I have found and I have tried them all !!
 I love this gate ! I bought it for our 1 year old twin boys to block them off from our entry way and stairs . I wanted something pressure mounted that would not mar our walls , yet would withstand my monkeys and this is it ! The hands free gate is great too because the amount of pressure required to release the gate requires an adult to step on it-my eight year old nieces had a difficult time getting it to open with their body weight . My sons grab onto the rails and pull themselves up and try to shake it back and forth and it does n't move ! It was very easy to install-it was a great investment .
 Bought the gate to keep our dog out of the living room . The hands-free option is the best way to go . The gate works perfect and we are very happy with the purchase .
 I absolutely love this gate ! We purchased two of them after visiting a friend who had one in their home . We have a custom built home with an extra wide hallway , so we bought 3 extentions for that space . The manufacturer does n't recommend using more than 2 , but we tried it out anyway and it 's just as sturdy as the one we use without extentions.One of the things I love about this gate is how simple it is to open and close . I have 7 and 8 year old sons and they were constantly battling with the expandible gates , or resisting closing them because of their difficulty . This way , they have no trouble at all opening or closing the gates after passing through them.Additionally , because of the hands free feature I am easily able to carry our 15 month old through the gates , without having to bend down and struggle with opening or latching it one-handed . I just step on the pedal and bump it with my knee , and then kick it closed behind me.Because they do n't require hardware to mount them , we were able to take these gates with us when we visited an out-of-town relative , which helped tremendously . Fortunately , we have a mini-van so transporting them assembled was no problem at all.To top it off , they are sleek and attractive . They are a little costly , but I figure we 'll be using them for the next several years , so I would definitely recommend this gate to everyone . Make sure you keep the plastic wrench that comes with it ... you may need it in the future !
 My 22 month old can open doors but still ca n't open this gate ! Gives great piece of mind . I love that you do n't need to use your hands to open and close it . Installed without any problems , adjusts to fit any door way in our house -LRB- old house , nothing is even ... -RRB- . Grandparents love it too , ended up buying them one as well .
 This the the world champion in baby gates . Easy to install and easy to use -LRB- no more tripping over the gates -RRB- . Although my very smart 3 year old can open it with ease this problem can be remedied by purchasing a set of the Safety 1st c shaped cabinet locks -LRB- _ -RRB- . My only compliant is the the threshold is white so there are always stains on it .
 We like this gate but it is hard for the bigger kids to get through . We have had it over a month and our 4 year old -LRB- a thin 32 pounder -RRB- can only get through it about 1 in 10 times - she gets on the peddle and jumps up and down but has trouble coordinating her landing with a pull or push to get it open . Our five year old , weighing in the 40s , has mild difficulty only about 1 in 10 times . All the neighborhood kids their age have trouble with it and each one seems to glee in slamming it shut after they go through so I spend quite a bit of time as gate monitor . I have taken to telling kids to go around outside . When kids have trouble with it they all end up yanking at it which is tearing up the walls - I wish it was hard mounted . A couple times I have hurt the baby 's foot letting it get caught as I went through the narrow opening with him on my hip . I would still choose this gate over all the others we looked at . I wish I had had it when the others were young !
 Ok - I read the review below where they complained about this product being faulty , and I just do n't get it !! We have 3 of these gates , and have had them for 2 years , and we have no complaints whatsoever . In fact , this gate is great for several reasons . First , it fits in your doorway very securely , but without having to drill into your molding . Second , the hands-free aspect is awesome , seeing as that I never seem to have a free hand anymore with 2 kids under 3yrs . Third , the gate swings both ways -LRB- in and out -RRB- which is an incredibly convenient and flexible feature , depending on what you 're doing . And lastly , it is an extremely attractive gate . Our moldings are painted white throughout the house , so the white gate looks beautiful and intentional . People constantly remark about our gates and several friends have bought the same one after seeing and using ours.I will also say that there 's little danger of your child `` figuring out '' how to open it . My nephew had trouble opening these gates when he was 6 , and he 's an extremely bright kid . You need a certain amount of body weight to open it , so unless it 's faulty , you should be ok !
 After reading the rave reviews this gate got we decided to try it myself . We bought two of them and are very pleased with them ! We did not have to drill the gate into the doorway and it was very easy to install . This gate is extremely durable and the `` hands free '' feature truly is a great feature - if your hands are full -LRB- which mine usually are -RRB- you can just step on the pedal and push it open with your knee , it 's great ! I also love the fact that the gate swings in or out , another great feature ! The price of this gate at first made me research other options , but I came back to this gate and I 'm glad I did because they are worth every penny ! I 'm actually going to buy a third one very soon for my son 's bedroom since it 's up on the second level and we 're afraid that one of these days he 'll jump out of his crib and attempt to climb down the stairs . Great gate !
 We have been very impressed with this gate . Although it is pressure mounted , it is very tight-fitting . We have it mounted at the top of a short stairway , and I feel completely secure having my baby lean against it , and even pull herself up with it . It is attractive , as baby gates go , too . It was easy to install , with its own wrench with a tightness guide . The foot pedal opening is ingenious - no hands needed , as long as you can figure out how to knock it closed once you 're through it . The opening is a little narrow , but that has n't been a problem for us . All in all , we 've been very pleased . It 's definitely worth the money !
 We ordered the Configure Gate to enclose a large hallway , but needed a smaller gate for the kitchen entry . After reading several reviews , we decided on the hands free gate and it is perfect . The step down pedal is great for when your hands are full . It was very simple to mount and is very well constructed . We are very pleased with this purchase .
 We have this gate in the entrance to our sons room . It 's great for keeping the dog out . And it 's very easy to open . I 'm sure as he gets older it will be very easy for him to get open too , however for now -LRB- he 's only 3 months -RRB- it 's exactly what we wanted to start out with .
 This is a great gate . It is very solid , easy to install , and easy to use . In fact , I liked the first one so much , I bought another . I have one installed in a normal doorway -LRB- kitchen/dining room -RRB- and the other in a wider hallway using a extension.My daughter is 1 year old and this gate should work for a long time . The latch is controlled by the foot pedal which requires a lot of force -LRB- weight -RRB- in order to open it . But when I say a lot of force , this is relative to an infant or toddler 's weight . You simply step down on the pedal and either nudge the gate with your knee or use your hand to push or pull it open . I also like that it latches securely by simply swinging it back towards the closed position.I highly recommend this gate where pressure mounted is good enough .
 I have had no problems with these gates for 4 years until this weekend when the one of the pins broke off . Customer Service is great !! Emailed them for a replacement pin and they wrote back with no problems . They are sending out the pins . I have bought these gate 4 years ago to keep the dogs off the carpet .
 This gate has been absolutely wonderful in keeping our son safe . It 's easy to install and use , and we 've had no complaints about it at all .
 I purchased this gate to keep my 1 year old little girl form going into my kitchen . At her 1st birthday , to my amazement , even the 4 year olds were not able to open the gate . All of my friends that have younger children have since purchased one . We all love it .
 I Only rate this item 4 Stars because I just purchased it today . It was very simple to assemble , I didnt even need my husband for help . We purchased this gate because of the great reviews and also because I have 2 70lbs Terriers that need to start getting used to being guarded off . Although Im only 6 months pregnant I know this gate is going to work out great for our dogs when our baby is here . We 've had it up all day and the dogs jump on it with no problem . The gate is sturdy comfy and attractive as well which is important in my house , most of all seems very safe . I highly recommend this product for all parent who have dogs in their house no matter what size they are.I would be giving it 5 stars if I had this gate longer , but couldnt wait to post the great review after purchasing it and seeing how great my dogs are adapting to it .
 I RECEIVED THIS FOR MY BABY SHOWER AND AM VERY PLEASED ! IT IS EASY TO OPEN WHILE CARRYING MY BABY AND KEEPS THE DOG IN THE FAMILY ROOM WHEN WE ARE AWAY . THE DOOR SWINGS IN BOTH DIRECTIONS WHICH IS TERRIFIC IN MY DOORWAY . I PLAN TO BUY MORE FOR THE REST OF THE HOUSE .
 This is the best gate ever . If there was one product that I would say all parents -LRB- of babies and doggies alike -RRB- needed , it would be this gate . The wooden and plastic gates get knocked over , broken , and we know how hard they are to move , step over , get around , etc. . These gates -LRB- we have four -RRB- have become permanent fixtures in our home . They are a pleasing white color , unlike the ugly wooden ones , safe , sturdy , and so very easy to use . I have even held myself off the ground while supporting myself with my arms on this gate . If that wo n't bring it down , I do n't know what will . We 've bumped into it , leaned on it , and there is no test like a wild toddler tugging to say , `` Let me in '' ! Installation is easy , requires no outside tools , and the use of the extension is just as simple . The price may be a bit high , but this gate will last through all of your children , homes , dogs , etc. . Definitely worth every penny !
 I got this gate to replace another one . The advantages of this one are many :1 . The gate installs quickly and easily . No tools are required and nothing screws into the door frame .2 . The gate swings open both ways .3 . The gate opens very easily , so there 's no need to try to climb over it . I ca n't count the number of times we used to catch our toes or knees on the old gate .4 . The gate automatically locks when you swing it shut .5 . My toddler ca n't get a foothold to try to climb the gate .6 . My chihuahua ca n't jump over it , nor can he squeeze between the bars .7 . It is a nice looking gate.In all , I am so glad I got this gate and would recommend it to anyone who needs a gate that will be kept mostly in one location , especially one that gets a lot of traffic .
 We just bought this gate a couple of months ago to keep our 14 month old son out of the kitchen and getting into the cat food and water . We love the gate as it was easy to install and is very convenient with the gate opening both ways.The only probably we recently found with the gate is that our son gets very upset when we go into the kitchen and he puts his little legs in between the bars . He 's gotten his leg stuck in the bars twice already and now has an ugly bruise on the inside and outside of his thigh.Other than that this gate is the absolute best one that we have found !
 The gate is easy to install and use . Younger children -LRB- under 3 -RRB- will have difficulty opening it . It is nice because if you have a bigger family , the older children can open and close it and yet it prevents smaller children -LRB- or even dogs -RRB- from going into areas you do n't want them in.It is nice looking and you do n't need to drill holes into a wall to use it - it is pressurized . Be sure to measure your door ahead of time ! You may need one or two extensions .
 We bought this b/c it was one of the least expensive - but you would NOT know it based on ease of use and style . My friend has five in her home , and we are purchasing our second . The extensions are easy to attach . My son is cruising , and he can pull himself up on this gate without a wobble . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I love this gate . It is easy to install and works great . You have to step on the foot pedal to open the gate and little kids ca n't step hard enough so it is perfect . We are moving to a new house and we are getting two more for the staircase . Who wants to step over a gate ? This is certainly worth the extra money .
 We are so glad that we bought this gate . We use it in the entrance to our son 's room . It keeps him in and our 3 dogs out . Completly hands free is such a plus !!!!!! Simple to use !!! Fits very snug ... it is n't going anywhere . The vertical only slats are great because our son tries to climb this gate and I truely believe that if we had bought a traditional gate with vertical and horizontal slats that he would be able to climb it !!! I recommended this to all our friends already !!!
 With 4 children -LRB- ages -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and a dog , we have plenty of need for a great gate to keep the babies and dog out of the kitchen . This gate is perfect!The -LSB- ... -RSB- , who is very strong , ca n't get in no matter how much he jumps on the foot petal , I can easily get in even while holding our newborn and it looks nice . We have two of the gates - one at each entrance to the kitchen - and intend to purchase 2 more for other areas.I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I love this gate ! Not only is it sturdy and truly hands-free , it was easy to assemble . Out of the box , I had it installed in fewer than 10 minutes . My little boy is very strong and can figure things out quite quickly , but this gate has got him stumped . This really is an awesome safety gate and worth every penny . I highly recommend it .
 This gate is easy to install - only requires a few turns on four contact points with the included mini-wrench . I really like the pressure-mount mechanism which means you do n't have to drill holes in your walls . I had to add one 5 '' extension , which was very easy - it just slides into two slots on the main unit . Only negative , which is very small , is my 4 year old son ca n't step hard enough on the foot pad to open the gate himself yet . Only a minor inconvenience .
 We love this gate . It is used at the top of the stairs . I bought the extention also , due to reading customer reviews , but it was not needed . This gate is so easy to use , the best I have ever seen . None of our visitors or houseguests have ever needed help with it , nor an explaination of how it works . Easy . Well worth paying a higher price for a great gate .
 I purchased 2 of these gates about 3.5 years ago and have loved them since day 1 . These gates have witheld wear and tear by my own children as well as a number of my home daycare children . EVERYONE wants to know where I bought my gates and several people have bought them after seeing them at my home . They 're difficult for most children to get them open . They can cause a little wear on the walls but nothing compared to drilling holes in your walls . I would recommend this gate to any and all people looking to buy a gate .
 I think this gate works great . I have it installed in the doorway of my daughters room . Because I have two dogs I was worried that the dogs would be in her room when she was sleeping or playing . I love that the gate swings both ways . Sometimes I will have the gate open just enough so it does n't lock , but on the side where the dogs ca n't push it open . They would have to somehow pull it towards them to open it and they 're not smart enough to do that ! This way it 's quieter for me to get in and out of her room when she 's sleeping . It 's wonderful and would recommend it .
 We received one off of our gift registry , and loved it so much we went and bought another !! We 've had both for just over a year , and yet to have a problem . Perfect for children and pets !
 We just love this gate . I originally purchased the evenflo bracket mounted gates for the top and bottom of my stairs . I wanted something sturdy because I was really concerned that my daughter would be able to push the gate and fall down the stairs . After fumbling with the gate and then realizing there was no stud where the gate needed to be mounted , I purchased the Safety First gate . It assembles in minutes and is VERY sturdy . I shook it hard to test it and it did n't budge . Like the others said , it could stand to be wider because it is costly to add extensions . All in all , I would recommend this gate .
 We bought this gate for our son when he started to crawl . We placed it between a stair post and the wall so that we could come down the stairs before we had to open the gate . Now my son is 16 months old and we still love the gate . We have never had to reposition it or move it at all . We did use one of the extensions to span the space . All of our friends want to know where the gate came from . My son ca n't climb it because of the spindle design . Eventhough he knows how to open it , he does n't weigh enough to open it . This is a great buy and worth every penny .
 The gate is used in my home to keep the dog in the kitchen . Solid , easy to use the foot latch and tons better than the wooden gates . Highly recommended .
 This gate is incredible ! I have 2 older children -LRB- 10 and 8 -RRB- and `` back in the day '' I used the plastic tension gate and stepped -LRB- tripped -RRB- over it carrying kids , toys , etc. . This is so easy to install and use , HANDS FREE ! I am so glad we have this gate this time around ! It is quite sturdy
 We registered for this gate and thankfully received it as a gift just after our son was born . Up until now , it has been installed at his bedroom door to keep the 2 dogs and 2 cats out of his room.He 's just beginning to crawl , so we 're going to buy one or two more for other parts of the house . It 's so easy to open and fits very securely in the doorway . What a difference from those old wooden ones that you had to step over or take completely down to get through !
 I used this gate to keep my 40 lb . Shepard mix puppy confined to his room during the night . It was the perfect choice with the walk though gate , as obviously , lifting the dog over was n't going to be an option . It was quite strong , holding his weight from his front paws until he weighed about 65-70 lbs . Now I use it when my 12 mo. old nephew comes to visit . As for the construction , the gate took heavy use and has n't fallen apart yet . The best thing is that it was very kind on my door jams , leaving only very slight marks .
 This gate is wonderful ! We really like the fact that it is pressure mounted not wall mounted - no holes in the wall . We can move it to another doorway . The foot pedal is great as is the wide open swing . Also works great for our dogs . We ended up buying two extensions to fit our doorway . Do not recommend more than 1 or 2 extensions though - it becomes a bit wobbly . A must have item for parents who need a gate .
 I am thrilled with this gate . We tried several different gates in different places around the home . We returned them all and ended up with this one . I wish we 'd found this one first . It 's great ! You wo n't be disapointed .
 We 've been very pleased with these gates . We originally had the Summer Infant extra tall gates , but replaced them with these . The Summer Infant gates can be opened by crawling babies , so as an infant gate they are an epic fail.These First Years Hands Free Gates , however , work very well . They really are secure , and much more convenient for adults to open and close by stepping on a pedal . It 's actually nice that they do n't close automatically , because we leave them open when the babies are asleep or when we 're carrying groceries or laundry.The only design flaw is the width of the gate . Look at the picture . There 's the gate , then there are two bars between the gate and the wall . Why ? I sure would like to have those six wasted inches applied to widening the gate . Then I could get the laundry basket through it instead of over it . Especially handy when you prefer not to pitch down the stairs .
 This is by far one of the best investments we 've made since having a baby . This gate was super easy to install , and is very sturdy . I really like that this gate is pressure mounted , so when we need to take them down , there will be no holes to fill in the walls . The foot pedal that releases the gate is very easy for adults to use -LRB- once you know that you have to push on it like you mean it ! -RRB- , but not too easy as you would n't want any escapees ! We also have two small dogs -LRB- Yorkie and Shih Tzu -RRB- and it holds them where they 're supposed to be as well . I LOVE LOVE LOVE this gate . If we ever decide to gate off another doorway , we will definitely buy another one of these !
 Before buying this product , measure and look at your floor boards ! You may or may not need the extension if you have a wider area to cover . And I had to remove the lower moldings along my floors in order to install this gate properly . Make sure you 're okay with doing that if need be . If you do n't have a flat , flush surface to mount this gate with , I do n't recommend getting it . I first tried installing it on the molding and it was simply not smart.I 'm pretty sure my 8 month old knows how to open this gate . She always goes for the little gray step . Thankfully , the amount of force you need to apply to press it down is pretty great . It 's challenging for an adult to press down with one hand , let alone a baby.The gate works as advertised for us . We have two of them in our home and each uses the extender . They 're firmly in place and sturdy . Need a good-looking , sturdy jail door for your wandering youngster ? Look no further .
 I LOVE this gate and would buy it again . I like how it swings open both ways , opens with a foot pedal so it 's hands free , and is incredibly sturdy though it 's pressure-mounted . My ONLY disappointment with this gate is that it does n't fit well on our stairs . We live in a small apartment and the wall does n't jut out far enough from the bottom step in order for the foot pedal to work . Instead , I mounted the gate in the doorway of our baby 's nursery , and it is working out GREAT .
 I LOVE this gate . The quality is far beyond what I had expected , and the foot pedal allows for me to hold a baby , bottle , and anything else in my arms while I open .
 Amazon had the best available price - item arrived on time and worked perfectly . Make sure to measure your doorway before ordering , you may need the extension ...
 We bought two of these to keep the dogs out of the living room . They were easy to put up . One can open it with just the leg , just step on it and push open with your knee . Great when your hands are full !
 We use this gate with one extension and it works perfect for keeping my very large 1 yr old -LRB- ~ 30 lbs -RRB- out of the kitchen while cooking . Very sturdy and nearly impossible for him to open on his own . The pedal is a great design feature and allows us to move easily in and out while carrying things -LRB- garbage ? -RRB- . No complaints after 3 months of use .
 This gate was very easy to put up and is very sturdy . It is also convenient since there are no levers to pull or push with your hand to open . It 's totaly hands free leaving you to carry other things while you walk through the gate . We thought that the opening might be a little small , but once it 's up it does n't seem so bad .
 Easy to open with foot and hip when hands are full but toddler ca n't open it . Adjustible to fit many door widths .
 This is a great gate over all -- convenient , sturdy , etc. . We use it at the top of the stairs . The opening seems a little narrow , but overall it 's not bad .
 I purchased this gate about a month ago for my in-home daycare and I just love it ! This gate is made of metal , looks great and does not leave marks on the door frame like my last pressure mounted gate did . Installation was a breeze ! I did it myself in less than 10 minutes by simply following the easy instructions.I really appreciate the fact that I can open this gate with or without using my hands ! It works so smoothly and easily ! The little tots can not open it but the older children , ages 5 and up can use it fairly easily . The smaller children have stood on it and shook it , but it is very durable and sturdy and does not move at all!One of the reasons that I purchased this particular gate is because it does NOT swing closed behind you as some of the other gates do . My gate is only closed while my daycare is in session and is open the rest of the time.I was a little worried about the narrow walk-thru opening , but it has not been a problem at all.I would definitely recommend this gate to a friend !
 Gate works great . No more stepping over gates . Works great hands free . Keeps dog out and cats can freely jump over .
 I have purchased two of these fabulous gates to keep dogs -LRB- but not cats -RRB- out of certain rooms in my house . I am about to order a third gate.Why not just shut the doors to the rooms , you might ask ? First , airflow is restricted - a consideration in any season . Second , my cats , while gifted , ca n't open regular doors , but can jump over these , easily . What cat wants to be awakened , while napping , by a big slurpy dog?This gate is sturdy , easy to open with just one leg and a knee , and it does n't look ugly . It 's a breeze to install . It restrains my largest canine who weighs 73 pounds.I wish this gate came in black , but white is OK .
 After 4 weeks I finally got this baby gate up and it works great ! The reason I had to wait 4 weeks is because it arrived UPS in the same box one would buy at the store . It looked like it had been around the world a few times and sure enough when I opened it - parts were missing . I called the manufacturer and they were great and responsive sending me the missing parts accept they sent the wrong ones . 2nd try was a charm and everything is working fine . Comment to Amazon or this shipper - try a better box .
 best gate i 've ever bought , and i 've tried lots of them . very durable and will last forever . kids ca n't the lever to push down until they are big enough . my son stepped on the plastic square to climb over , so we removed it . now he ca n't climb over .
 I am a mother of 5 boys , the gate was easy to assemble , i would recommend it to all .
 So far we love and it is so easy to use the pedal-hands free . Stays in place . Hope it will hold up over time .
 I was sceptical about this gate . It is a pressure mount , which I 've used before and have not been satisfied with . However , we love this . We have 5 kids , so it can get rowdy around here , but this gate is constructed well and works well . We use it with an extension on each side .
 This is an awesome gate . It puts up with a lot of use in our case . It is easy to install and easy to use . My only complaint is that one of the gates -LRB- we have two of this model -RRB- broke after less than a year . The door just swings , the locks no longer keep it closed . It was quite a dissapointment , as I thought it would last much longer . The overall quality of the gate is great . I would definitly recommend it .
 I just wanted a gate , my husband insisted on this gate `` with the foot thing '' , he said . He was right , it is worth every penny . All our friends complain about swinging their legs over a gate , and we crack up ! Our son also loves to stand and play at it , we never have to worry about it . It 's durable and fits solidly in the doorway . Trust me , just buy it !
 Besides the easy installation of this gate . It 's totally safe for Very very active toddlers . My son started climb & walking @ 9 months . Every other gate we had he could climb & of course got stuck . There is no way for toddlers to climb this gate . Beleive me my son has tried.This is the best gate out there .
 Our baby is just starting to crawl so I 've been baby-proofing the house . We live in an 80 + year old house - great old moldings and door frames . Could n't be more pleased with these gates . Very solid , stands up to cats climbing over ; height is great in keeping dogs confined also . Foot peddle seems to be improved / good quality - will see if stands the test of time . Very easy to use - and hands free feature is great for when my hands are -LRB- often -RRB- full . One gate installed with extension - ca n't even tell it 's two separate pieces . Wonderful !
 We have tried so many types of gates and this one is by far the best I have seen . I honestly do n't see how any of the other gates are even going to stay on the market . This one is so incredibly easy to install -LRB- about 8 minutes , the only tool you need is included in the box -RRB- . Very simple and practical to use . Once installed , just step on the pedal and nudge the door with your knee . It takes probably half a second to walk through.Excellent product ; I highly recommend it .
 I really like the fact that I can open and close the gate with my foot and knee . Also , my cat ca n't squeeze through the bars , so it 's wonderful for keeping animals away from a space . Finally , only an adult will have the strength to open this gate - great for when my daughter starts crawling !
 This gate is a definite must-have . It is sturdy and extremely easy to install -- it only took ten minutes to get up and working including the time it took to get it out of the box . The hands-free aspect is a wonderful feature as this gate is in my kitchen doorway and I 'm always going in and out with baby , groceries , etc. . The foot pedal requires a great deal of pressure to trigger the release -- easy enough to apply by stepping on it , but my 22 pound daughter has sat on the pedal and has not managed to open this gate by herself . I was a little bit worried that the pressure mounts would not hold the gate in place , but my daughter has pulled herself up , rattled and tugged , and it has n't budged even with the extension add-on . I have gone through at least two other types of gates and this is my favorite by far in terms of quality , strength , ease of use , and ease of install . ** UPDATE ** Two and a half years after writing the above review in July 2004 I stand even more firmly by what I originally wrote . Every other gate I bought has broken , been disassembled then would n't go back together properly , or was no longer strong or difficult enough to stop my child as they grew older/bigger . This gate uninstalled then reinstalled easily when I moved . The foot pedal still requires more pressure than my child can handle on their own so it continues to be a usable gate in my household . Most importantly -- being in a high traffic area this gate has been used/locked/unlocked / walked through easily thousands , literally thousands , of times in the three years since I bought it and it is still in PERFECT working condition and is just as good as the day I bought it . I can not recommend this gate more highly .
 We love this gate !! The hands-free aspect is terrific even when your hands are n't full carrying something . It just opens so easily and quickly ! And , although the box says it 's good until age 24 months or so , we 've had 3 , 4 , and 5 year olds over who are n't able to open it . -LRB- The tighter you make the tension , the more pressure is required on the pedal in order to open the gate . -RRB- Our doorway was extra wide and required the gate plus 3 extensions . It 's still totally stable.We love too that , because it 's tension mounted , there will be no holes in our doorframe when we -LRB- eventually ! -RRB- do n't need to barricade our children in!It 's a terrific gate and we 'd highly recommend it . We 're just sad that it does n't work at the top of our stairs -LRB- the bar across the bottom would be a potential trip hazard -RRB- . Otherwise , we would have bought two of these gates !!
 After buying 3 other gates and returning all of them I was delighted to find this gate . It looks more conservative than the ugly mesh plastic gates , so I am not embarassed by it when company comes over . The gate is VERY strong , nothing short of a person falling into it is going to budge it . My dogs ca n't even knock it over . It 's HAND 's free which is fantastic considering I usually have the baby , a baby bag , my bag all slung across me when I 'm trying to get out of the house in the morning and all I have to do it press the pdeal with one foot and I 'm out ! We use the gate between our Kitchen/Mudroom entrance . The baby loved trying to escape to the mudroom and would head for the garage door stopping only to dip her hand in the dog 's water/food bowls . This gate lets her watch the dog 's and not get into things we do n't want her in . We never attempt to step over the gate in a rush like the plastic gates that are a pain to open and re-set because you just push the pedal and your out ! In just a second your through and can close it before the muchkin gets even a step closer to it . The gate says it fits 34 `` w opening but our width WAS 34 `` w so we had to purchase the gate extension becuase it was a little loose in the door frame . It 's solid now and even though I had to get the extension it was well worth it . My only wish is that a gate extension for non-door oversized openings was available , like a 52 `` w gate for diningroom entrances . But I 'm willing to wait !
 This gate is perfect . I have 4 extensions on it and it still holds true . Every now and again my toddler will knock it off it 's fitting , but in general , it works great . I highly recommend it .
 We are veterans of many types of gates for both dogs and now kids , and I am crestfallen that it took us this long to discover this terrific model . It combines the security of a permanent mount with the relative ease of installation and occasional portability of pressure-mounted models.I had two irregular doorways to fill in with child gates so our scootching 13-month old could play safely in the area . For one large opening I used the SuperYard Gate , which is a decent all-plastic telescoping gate with permanent-mounting rails , and for the other I used the First Years hands-free with a single extension . After seeing how secure the First Years was , and how incredibly east it was to install the extensions , even though I 'm happy with the SuperYard Gate , I wish I had bought two First Years Hands-Free , The operation is really cool -- you step on a pedal , and knee the thing open . It works in both directions ! I was skeptical the pedal was baby-proof , but letting my son -LRB- who is the median weight of a two and a half year old -RRB- put his full weight on it did n't budge it a bit . The design is also very attractive ; nice thin white metal instead of the usual lattice-work plastic on most gates.One comment on an earlier negative review , where the Grandparent indicated their 15-month-old could pull up the foot pedal
 After trying 3 different gates -LRB- that all had high ratings on Amazon -RRB- , this was n't my favorite - but is still a good gate . I just preferred some of the features of the others . If it had a wider gate opening , I would have given it a 5 star rating . I turned my home into my own version of a baby gate showroom to figure out which one I wanted , so here 's my take on three different gates.I think they are all pretty good gates , it just depends on your situation and what features you 're looking for . The key features that ended up making a difference to me were 1 -RRB- the width of the gate opening and 2 -RRB- the latch mechanismFirst Years - Hands-Free Gate ----------------------------- cost $ 50 & extensions $ 15 / gate is 32 '' Tall / fits 29 '' -34 '' doorway width / 1.5 '' bar to step over / gate opening 17 '' - My gripe with this gate was primarily because the gate opening is only 17 '' wide ! I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and I felt like I was going to have to really pay attention walking through it so I would n't end up bumping it every time . However ... - The hands-free step pedal is pretty cool and worked pretty easily . I would n't worry about a little kid figuring it out and having enough weight to be able to push it down to open it . For me it just was n't cool enough to overcome my issue with the gate opening width . - Good height to the gate . - It was very sturdy in my doorway . - This one did have a little ramp feature for the bar that goes across the floor that helps minimize the tripping factor . - Fits only up to 34 '' doorways so has the best chance of needing an extension . - All that being said , if you really want a hands free gate , and the width of the gate opening does n't bug you , try this one.Kidco Center Gateway : --------------------- cost $ 85 & extensions $ 24 / gate is 29.5 '' Tall / fits 29.25 '' to 37.5 '' doorway width / 1 '' bar to step over / gate opening 22 '' - Has the widest gate opening -LRB- the space you walk thru , not the doorway that it fits into -RRB- of any of them - about 22 '' . -LRB- This certainly won points from my 6 ' 2 '' husband who was pretty irritated when walking thru some of the others -RRB- . I was surprised after reading so many reviews on all these gates that there was n't more mention of this feature . - This one also had the most secure latch feature . You have to push a button to lift the handle and lift the gate over a little ledge to open it and walk thru . I figure this will absolutely be the hardest one for my little one to figure out . - This gate has the most adjustable widths and therefore would probably be the strongest in most door widths . The gate has about 2.75 '' pieces on the ends that you can use or not with the optional extensions -LRB- more 2.75 '' spindles as additions - 2 per box -RRB- to provide the most width flexibility . Because all the gates become `` weaker '' if the posts are extended too much , this one seems the sturdiest in my doorways . -LRB- ie . if the gate says it fits up to 37 '' and your door opening is 36.5 '' , it wo n't seem as sturdy as if the doorway was 34 '' -RRB- . - It does n't have its brand name printed on it anywhere -LRB- a plus in my book -RRB- so it 's totally white . - It has the lowest bar across the floor that you have to step over at only 1 '' high -LRB- seems less of a tripping risk -RRB- . - This is the one that has the highest rating from Consumer Reports . -LRB- Child safety gates 8/04 -RRB- - Unfortunately , it also is the most expensive of the bunch at about $ 85 + any extensions you need . - I do have to say that this one had the most confusing directions , but you can still figure it out ok - none of them took longer than 10 minutes to set up . - It 's the shortest gate and I wish it was a little taller . - All in all , if you can afford the price of this one , it 's definitely worth it!Summer Infant - Sure & Secure Extra Tall Gate --------------------------------------------- cost $ 60 & extensions included / gate is 36 '' Tall / fits 28 '' -48 '' doorway width / 2 '' bar to step over / gate opening 19 '' - This is the one that I wanted to like because I thought it was the best deal . - The gate opening is about 19 '' - which I thought was ok , but hubby wanted wider . - The latch mechanism is really easy to operate and I thought kids could figure it out easily , but because the gate is so tall , they would probably have a hard time reaching it . - It does come with its own extensions in 5 '' and 10 '' so it more easily fits the wider doorways . - However , depending on the width of your doorway , this one may or may not fit as well . For example , I had a lot of doorways that are about 33 '' and this gate did n't end up fitting well in them because the gate without any extensions was too small and the posts had to be extended so far it did n't seem stable . And the 5 '' extension was too big to add . -LRB- vs. the kidco gate 's extensions add 2.75 '' as needed -RRB- . - It 's by far the tallest and I liked that since my daughter has been in the 95 % so far . I also just like the way the taller gate looks . - It does have the highest bar across the bottom to step over - 2 '' . - If if fits well in your doorway it is probably the best value for the money.All three gates seemed to : - Fit pretty tightly in the doorways after being adjusted properly . Depending on your walls and if you have moldings etc , you might need to take an extra 5-10 minutes to adjust them and get them straight and hanging correctly . - Had the same type of post for the pressure-mount that is covered with a rubbery material to help it not slip on the wall . - Were pretty easy to set up . - All look about the same from a quality point of view - in other words one of them did n't look `` cheaper '' to me than the others.Please remember that for safety , only hardware mounted gates are considered stable enough to put at the top of stairs , so do n't use any of these for that . Think about how you will use these gates in your house and what features you will value . Good luck with your own purchase !
 Length :
 This gate is really a great product . I love the fact that you do n't have to hardware mount the gate -LRB- no drilling into the doorways required -RRB- , and it 's still very sturdy . It was incredibly easy to install , and is very safe and secure . My 18 month son knows how the gate opens , but can not open it because of the weight required to push down on the lever . The only negatives I encountered were :1 -RRB- The first Hands Free gate I purchased was not painted properly , so I had to return it for another one .2 -RRB- I had to buy the 5 '' gate extension for the gate to fit in the doorway . So , in the end , there are additional costs if the opening you intend to use the gate for is not that narrow . But all in all , it 's totally worth it .
 I returned the Swing and Lock gates and got this one . I am not disappointed . It was worth the additional cost . It comes with its own tool , which fastens the pressure mounts securely . I did not need an extension , so I can not comment on how sturdy it is using those.It is very easy to open and close , and the gate swings in both directions . It was also easy to install . I have no complaints . I ca n't believe how many people report bad experienced using these on stairs . If you read the directions , it is NOT to be used on stairs . If your child gets hurt , you have nobody else to blame but yourself!This gate is NOT for everyone . The opening is only 18 '' wide , so this would not be for a home with a wheelchair . Although it installs easily , I would n't suggest this one if you plan on moving it from doorway to doorway on a regular basis . It takes a few minutes , not something I 'd want to do all day . But it is very easy to move , such as if you where having a party or needed to move furniture.This gate is well made , but I do have one concern about durability . It has a plastic pin that locks the swinging part into place . I wonder if someone who does not push the pedal enough and pushes the gate , probably an unfamiliar adult or older child , could break it . I have n't seen anything to that affect in other reviews , so maybe not . Still , I 'd have prefered to see metal . Maybe that concern is unfounded , I guess we 'll see . Buy this gate .
 I have had this gate for 6 months with no problems . I can see how the pedal could break and cause a problem however , This gate works so well in my house , it would be worth a little inconvenience if I had to replace the pedal or return the gate for a replacement . Even with that possibility I still rate it 5 stars !! It is located in the most traveled area of my house and it works beautifully !!! Besides my daughter , I also have 3 dogs that have tried to get through to the other side without causing any damage !!! I contacted First Years about this gate because I WANT MORE !! Only problem is it only goes to 34 '' . I need wider for my other openings . I have been informed that they have created and shipped out extensions which will add up to 5 '' per side , to be sold exclusively at Toys R Us . I have contacted our local store and they have received them in stock . On my way to buy 2 more !!!!!
 I use this gate for my 2 year old 's room . She has a habit of getting out of bed in the middle of the night and running through the house . Not only is that unsafe for her , but nerve racking for me . I used to have a regular pressure mounted gate up to her room , but she learned how to use the criss cross bars to climb up and over it . Im not comfortable closing her door , so I needed a gate that a -RRB- she couldnt climb b -RRB- wouldnt ruin the door way with drill holes and c -RRB- easy to open and close.This gate was the answer to our prayers . First of all , it requires NO hardware . It is pressure mounted and if you do it tight enough , it wont move an inch . We 've had it installed for over 6 months and it has NEVER moved , even when DD has a fit and tries to move it at night . The foot pedal , knee pad is awesome . When she falls asleep in the living room , we can carry her into her room and open the gate with both hands full . The one problem some may not like is if you use it in a doorway , you cant close the door . I for one like that b/c I dont WANT her door closed . I can peek in at her all night and not have to worry about her running through the house and getting hurt.During the day , she likes to play in her room and close the gate . We simply put scotch tape over the little things so it doesnt lock shut . She can open and close it all day without locking herself in all the time . The box recommends that you dont use it if your child is over a certain weight and age b/c then they could step on the foot pedal and open it themselves . My toddler is 31 lbs and hasnt been able to open it yet.I think this gate is a great investment and I will buy more when the time comes .
 We 've had the gate for about a year , set between our kitchen and the front foyer -LRB- near the stairs -RRB- . No problems whatsoever . Assembly is easy and you ca n't beat the convenience of being hands-free . First Years clearly did its homework in finding the ideal functional solution - in one smooth motion , you can release the lock by stepping on the sturdy pedal and open the door by nudging your knee against a wide square on the center edge of the door . Closes and locks -LRB- everytime -RRB- with a somewhat forceful flick of your hand or foot . Makes carrying laundry , furniture , or a baby very easy . It is also extremely sturdy - we have not had to reposition it once in a year - though you will need a solid wall area on either side , as with most gates . Now that our oldest is 18 months , we have no worries about him hanging on it and , in case you have pets , our cat has no problem jumping over it . While we do n't have it at the top of our stairs -LRB- no walls for support , just rails -RRB- , I would totally trust it there if your house has walls to support it . Beyond that , the bars are wide enough -LRB- including near the door release -RRB- so your toddler wo n't hurt himself and there are absolutely no sharp edges . I know it 's `` just a gate '' , but it is the last line of defense between your toddler and a bad accident . Because of that , you can trust this gate to be convenient for you , and safe for your toddler . Highly recommended .
 As parents of precocious twins , we 've placed gates all over our house . We have tried five types , and this is the only one that I like.In our former house , we placed the gate in the highest traffic area -- between the den and the hallway to the rest of the house . I could carry two babies while opening and closing the gate . When we put our house on the market , we really appreciated the fact that we could easily remove the gate for the daily showings and leave no marks or hardware behind.In our new house , the gate fit only one opening , and we had to look for other gates . The extension was not available at our BabiesRUs , and we did n't know it existed.Finally , after a year of use , the foot pedal broke off . I called The First Years , who will replace the part for free.This is one of the taller gates out there , which has discouraged my climber from scaling it so far . Also , I appreciate the fact that it has a base , so you do n't make a mistake of installing it too high off of the floor .
 This gate is a great asset , especially if you have pets . We were able to block our two dogs from the baby in the kitchen and when he 's in his playgym on the floor . I love the fact that you do n't have to unlock it and put it aside . It also swings in both directions . It was a little pricy , but definitely worth it .
 We bought this gate after seeing it used at a friends house . We use it to keep the 21/2 yr old and the dog downstairs . It 's easy enough though for the 7 yr old to open it with no problem.We also have 6 in wide oak trim at the bottom of the stairs and we liked the fact that we did n't have to drill holes into the wall to mount . Would definetly recommend this product to someone with small children or pets .
 It is such a convenient gate . Very sturdy . A 5 year old can barely open it even if they know how . LOVE IT
 This gate saved the day . We were n't committed to the idea of gating the living room because we still wanted to live in it and not kill ourselves jumping over a gate to get in and out . This gate is simple to assembele and really opens and closes easily . It comes with its own wrench that makes the tension so tight a full grown man could n't push it down . I like this gate because it is affordable compared to the Center Gateway by Kidco which run about $ $ $ . The KidCo Gate does n't even compare it was hard to assemble and is n't user friendly .
 A great product ! Perfect to keep our dogs out of our newborn daughter 's room , and great for opening and closing with one foot while you carry your infant in your arms . We had a different baby gate before this one , which was good , but we would never go back to it . This one is just too convenient !
 We recieved 2 of these gates as shower gifts . My husband put one up right away so I did n't have to climb over the old one that we use for the pets . So far I love this gate . It is easy enough to open with your foot but I do n't think it will be that easy for baby to open for quite some time . The only thing I was not thrilled with is it fits in a narrow opening . If your opening is slightly wider you have to purchase extensions which are an additional 15.00 each . We still love it !
 We recieved 2 of these gates as shower gifts . My husband put one up right away so I did n't have to climb over the old one that we use for the pets . So far I love this gate . It is easy enough to open with your foot but I do n't think it will be that easy for baby to open for quite some time . The only thing I was not thrilled with is it fits in a narrow opening . If your opening is slightly wider you have to purchase extensions . We still love it !
 I love how this gate works -- both to keep out pets and keep baby safe . The foot pedal idea is incredible . No more climbing over too-tall gates ! Love it !!
 I purchased this gate because we have a big dog and did n't want him in our daughters room and I just want to say we are VERY happy with this gate-Some people said the foot peddle broke I have yet to have that problem-The only problem we have is that when people come to visit they ca n't figure out how to open the gate ??? and they pull on the top bar ??
 I bought this gate when my son was arond 6 month old and figure out the fun about climbing up ... The pros of buying is as the manufacture advertise hands free and it is . But the con is its expensive . I never had any problems . Now when my son is 21 months old he still can not figure out the amount of pressure it needs to open the dorr . it functions great and very easy to install . The pressure mount feature does not drill holes on your support.If you can afford it buy it .
 Utilized these for our stairs and they work very well . I was surprised how nice they looked once they arrived . Being able to utilize a step to unlatch the gate is very nice to have , seeing as our kid or some other object seems to be in our hands every time we go up and down the stairs.However , we required two extensions on each of the gates we purchased in order to get to the appropriate width for our staircases so I would recommend making sure you measure your stairs before ordering this gate and the necessary extensions .
 At first I was mad because I thought the instructions were n't in the box , but they were stuck at the bottom . Without the instructions I was stumped . Another thing that confused me was there were 4 plastic inserts but you only use two of them on the bottom cross bar . There were 2 extra ones.Once you 've put it together , you 'll congratulate yourself for choosing this gate . I got the one with the arch top gate . -LRB- They may send you either one . -RRB- I can not vouch for the level straight top gate . Both are pictured on Amazon 's ad , although I had n't noticed at first . I like the way it clinks shut . Seems strong . Gate is n't too narrow as some have said . Maybe these people are 3-4 ft. tall plus very chubby and the widest part of their body ca n't fit through?My skinny Maltese would have to squeeze through the bars , but I do n't think she could . I have three small dogs and they were always pushing other types of gates aside . This one wedges tightly . Ha ! I win ...
 This gate is very sturdy . The swinging door is very convenient . Works great .
 The are easy to set-up and very durable . They are great gates , and the company -LRB- the first years -RRB- has excellent customer service ! Great for you little ones and for training dogs .
 This is a wonderful gate for mommies who 's hands are always full . We 've used it for 1 year and 3 months and just recently had a problem . One pedal has broken off . We tried to glue it , but it 's not holding . We will replace this gate with the same exact model , because we are so satisfied . After 15 months , I figure the gate broke from normal to excessive everyday wear . We use the gate on the doorway to baby 's room .
 I tried other gates for my 9 month old son . He was able to knock them over rather easily . Not this one !! I love how sturdy it is . Plus with animals , it 's much easier to open and close as opposed to having to take a gate up and down . I purchased two of them and found that they were n't wide enough for the areas I intended to use them in . I was reluctant to purchase the extenders -LRB- and actually bought another gate instead -RRB- because of the expense . However , I found that there just was n't a gate out there that would serve my purpose and make me feel safe . My husband tried to `` shake '' it loose and it just was n't moving !! I have one with a single extender and one with two extenders . Both are sturdy as can be and easy to open and close -LRB- for me ... baby just ca n't seem to figure it out -RRB- . This gate also eliminates the option of the baby climbing it . There 's no where for him to put his feet . If you 're thinking of purchasing a gate , buy this one ! It 's the best !
 This gate works really well for all level surfaces . We found it did n't work well at the top of stairs , however , because you need a little leverage to press the foot pedal enough to open the gate . Unfortunately , if you 're on the stair below the gate , you have to lift your leg too high to really get the leverage to open it.I would highly recommend it for all doorways , however . We love it !
 This gate is WONDERFUL . I can open the gate without any hands and my 7 year old has a hard time opening it so I know my 12month old ca n't . This gate was very easy to install , and I did it myself . Other gates are very flimsy , not this one.I would recomend this gate to anyone !
 This is a great gate . It 's easy to install -LRB- according to my husband -RRB- , is very convenient with the foot pedal release and you can just slam the door shut , and the pressure mounts are very sturdy . My only complaint is that nowhere in the box or on the directions does it say you can NOT use it on stairs . The only place it says , `` not for stairs , '' is on the small warning label on the gate itself . It does seem sturdy enough for a crawler on the stairs , but we 're not taking the chance , so now we have to buy another gate . We 're first time parents , so we did n't realize that you should use any type of pressure-mount gate -LRB- even if it 's the screw kind like this one -RRB- .
 I 'm someone who does a lot of research before making a purchase to ensure quality . After reading many of the reviews , I decided to purchase it . I was skeptical at how stable and secure a ` pressure-mounted ' gate would actually be . But , after installing the gate , I found it to be very sturdy . I 'm not very handy but the gate was very easy to assemble and install . My baby pushes on it and pulls up to stand and it does not even budge.Although this gate is not very cheap -LRB- pricey when you also have to buy the extensions -RRB- , I would recommend it as it is easy to use , stable , and made of sturdy metal . We 've been given compliments from other parents who bought cheaper , wooden gates at how nice it looks and how solid it feels.I 'm very satisfied with this product and would definitely recommend it .
 I bought this gate several months ago when my son -LRB- who is currently 20 months old -RRB- , started walking . Prior to having this gate , I purchased the &#34; SWING AND LOCK GATE &#34; by Saftey 1st . Well , me and my husband and I HATED it ! **** It was a pain to install -LRB- AND you had to screw it into your doorway -RRB- , you had to open the gate with your hand -LRB- s -RRB- -- &#62; TRY doing that with a fussy toddler in your arms ! Finally , if you need the gate elsewhere in the house , you CA N'T just remove it , put it where you needed it , and then put it back to where it was again -- It 's semi-permanent **** Needless to say , we threw that one out , and purchased this Hands Free Gate . This gate is wonderful . It was VERY easy to install , and literally took 5 minutes . You do n't have to screw it into your doorway , which is a plus , because then you do n't have to remove all the hardware -LRB- and have screw holes to worry about -RRB- . If you need to use the gate elsewhere , just loosen the corkscrew bolts , and it 's free to go to another doorway/wall in minutes ! The other great advantage of this gate is that you DO N'T have to use your hands to open it . It has a &#34; pedal &#34; near the floor that you push down , and you can then choose to continue to open it with your hand or , your knee -- which is wonderful when your carrying your child/toys etc. . . Considering this gate is mostly plastic , it 's VERY sturdy . Even when my son grabs the gate and pulls back and forth on it roughly , the gate does n't budge . My husband and I loved this gate so much that we bought another just to use for our dog !
 This is a good gate . I liked the design and ease of installing . I was worried about the pedal being easy for kids to push down , but I discovered that you need a good amount of weight to push the pedal . The only down fall is the swinging open portion is a little small . This makes it a little tough to get things through unless you lift them over the gate . I would still strongly recomend this gate .
 This is the best gate . Before we had children , we had a basset . The need for gates became apparent once we moved to a larger home . We ended up with door ways which are larger than standard doorways . We tried lots and lots of other gates . This was the only one that we could get to fit and that would open easily and leave an adult with two hands free -LRB- which after baby entered the picture became a very important item . -RRB- We love this gate , and in fact , still have one gate in place even though the `` baby '' is now four and the basset is now seven . It 's sturdy , easy for an adult to open and has held up really well . I would definitely recommend it !
 This hands-free gate works when you step down on the foot paddle which causes a latch to open . You can then push the gate open with a hand or a knee . The gate is fairly easy to install -LRB- a necessary slim wrench is included in the box -RRB- and requires no screws or glue . The gate provides good protection . The bars on the gate are well-spaced so even small infants should n't be able to crawl through . When properly installed , it provides solid protection , although -LRB- important ! -RRB- you should regularly check it to make sure it 's securely affixed to the door frame . Also , over time the gate tends to bend a little , so you should use the little wrench-like tool to adjust it when necessary.In short , a very good gate for keeping kids out of a certain room . But this is * NOT * designed and should never be used to guard the top of a stairway .
 This a very good gate , it is easy to install and opening it is really hands-free . It comes with a base , so there is no change of triping over the bottom bar as it happens with some other gates.One important note
 This gate is so awesome ! It is by far the best gate we 've ever had . It is pressure mounted so it does n't mess up your walls , yet it is sturdy enough that it does n't come loose . Installation was simple for my husband to do , only took about 5-10 minutes . I love the hands free feature , it is cumbersome to have to fool with a gate with a heavy baby in your arms but this gate solves that problem . Best of all is that my 4 year old can open the gate on his own by standing on the foot pedal with all of his weight so I do n't have to constantly let him in and out of it , all the while keeping my 10 month old safely inside . The only tiny thing that would make it even better is if the gate door swung closed on it 's own . The price is reasonable , too . I highly recommend this gate !
 Thank you for such a good product . I use it in my clinic . There are lots of little ones who crawl all over the floor and this keeps them in a confined area . The ability for them to see through the gate is excellent . The little ones are able to see everything we do without being in the same area .
 I have several gates in my house for unusual spaces , stairs , etc. I absolutely love this gate . This is by far the best from all the gates I own . The only downside is the width . It only works for narrow spaces even with the extension , I use mine for doors only .
 I have a three year old and one year old twins , so we use a LOT of baby products , and have used MANY gates . This BY FAR is the best gate we have ever used . Its very sturdy , baby proof and adult friendly . I would highly recommend it to anyone !!
 IT WAS REALLY EASY TO PUT TOGETHER . VERY DURABLE AND THANKFULLY MY ONE YEAR OLD HAS N'T FIGURED OUT HOW TO OPEN IT . IT WOULD TAKE ALOT OF EFFORT FOR HIM TO DO THAT . IT DOES WHAT ITS SUPPOSE TO DO . I WOULD RECOMMENDED IT TO ANYONE WHO HAS A CURIOUS TODDLER .
 We have a 1 year old and a 4 year old , and neither one of them can open this gate because they are not heavy enough . We have 4 of them throughout the house . I can open it easily carrying the baby or groceries . It fits securely and does n't loosen . It is great quality . We have had two of these for three years now and they are still in perfect condition !
 I bought 2 of these - they are n't very wide - I put them on our stairs and had to purchase 4 extensions . 2 extensions for each gate . They are worth the money though . No drilling just place and tighten . I like the petal and being able to open it with no hands .
 I 've searched everywhere to find a gate that fits our staircase . The posts are uneven and I 've had a ton of difficulty . Anyway this gate is awesome ! It 's works perfectly !
 I ca n't understand why some people have had any problems with this gate . It 's awesome ! It was very easy to install and my little one jumps up and down on the floor lever and ca n't get it to open . I ca n't get the pedal off if I tried so I think there may be some problems with the others who spoke about it coming off so easily . I love that its hands free and sturdy like a rock !
 This gate is excellent . Had it for three years now . The two kids can open it on their own and shut it behind them so the young visitors can not get by . Never had any problems with it and I love the ease of using the step .
 Very well made , good product . I have a 32lb 11 month old and an English Mastiff and the gates are able to stop both of them ! The only problem with these gates is that they tend to slip a little after prolonged use but that is an easy fix . I would highly recommend them . My 4 year old is able to open them but a smaller child would have a hard time .
 We really like this gate by First Years ! We did not want to have to put any permanent screws into our door frame and since this gate is blocking a high traffic througway , the hands-free design is awesome ! The design has bars that are attached vertically , so little one will NOT be able to climb it . The gate is VERY sturdy and heavy duty , and the pressure created when tightened is VERY strong as well ; we have NO CONCERNS that this gate will wobble , dislodge or in any way be a danger to our son . We have been using it for over a month now and are very pleased . We recommend this to anyone with a young child .
 This gate works exactly as advertised and we have been very pleased with it . It 's simple to use and install and keeps our daughter safe . Highly recommended .
 Great gate ! It is really easy to install . It 's sturdy and well made . It 's designed so there are n't any pinch points even though my son has gotten his hands everywhere while I close it . Easy to open , swings both ways and it is really hands free . I would recommend it to anyone , and although I read one review that said one of the children was able to figure out how to open it -LRB- it 's obvious really since kids are not dumb -RRB- , it would take my son a few years to gather the strength and balance to press the pedal .
 I highly recommend this gate . It was easy for me to install -LRB- and I 'm not very handy -RRB- . It looks nice . It 's easy to operate . And it 's been great for keeping my dog in the kitchen when I 'm not home.I also ordered the extension with it since my doorway was either 36 or 37 inches wide.Amazon , the only problem is that now you guys keep sending me e-mails for baby products . I do n't have a baby . I have dogs .
 I 've waited a little while to write my review since there were so many others who gave a low rating later . We 've owned this gate for about 4 months now and I love it as much as I did on day one ! We use it with two extensions and it stays in place very well . Only came out of alignment once when I ran into it full force running around the corner -LRB- oven scare ! -RRB- but it was very easy to put back into place . The gate gets slammed shut often and the foot pedal gets stomped on frequently and we 've not had any problems . I would highly recommend this gate ... just be sure to place it where the stickers are on the side the child does n't have access to . I did n't even think about the stickers until my daughter had pulled off many tiny pieces of it !
 I have had several gates all replaced by this one . It is fantastic . I have 3 up and even my family ordered some for pets , which they stand up great to . I have a 13month old who ca n't push it over and my 5 year old nephew is n't strong enough to push the foot pedal down when he his here so I do n't worry about it being left open on the stairs . It is also tough to climb on since the bars are vertical . I have yet to find a better gate .
 easy to install and so easy to use , it 's just a great product . I love it . It delivers what it promises
 I used this gate at a family member 's house , and I loved it , so I bought one for our place . However , it is too small for our normal , standard width hallway . I have to buy the extension for it . It 's a great gate , but I think it should be a little wider . I was REALLY looking forward to putting it up and containing my crazy toddler , but now I have to wait on the mail man to bring the extension kit .
 I had to replace this gate with a taller one since I had some athletic dogs who did n't respect boundaries . But other than the height issue this gate is great ! Very sturdy , fits right in the door frame , no need for screws or any hard labor . It is essentially hands free -LRB- use your foot and knee to open -RRB- so you can carry things in your hands going from room to room . If they only had an extra tall gate I would have bought it immediately .
 I have seen and used many gates , and I can tell you this is the best gate out there . It is very sturdy and most important the child can not defeat the mechanism . My kid could unlock many of the gates out there after repeated attempts . Plus it is very sturdy and can take a kid pulling at it with full force.It is also easy for adults to to open . If it fits your door , get it !
 These baby gates are awesome . They are pretty easy to install and if anything happens , in our case a peddle bent , you contact the manufacturer . They quickly reply and send a replacement . Sadly one of the spots we placed a gate was still too wide even with a set of extenders but we improvised with a couple of two by fours . I am happy to have bought these -LRB- we bought three & two sets of extenders . -RRB-
 These are great gates ! I purchased a used one at a garage sale a few years ago and it finally broke after several years of faithful operation . I purchased a new one and the new design is beautiful . I have not had any problems with this gate . It is easy to install and looks good . I like that you can be carrying a basket of laundry and still be able to easily open the gate just by your foot . Its easy enough for my 8 and 9 year old children to open but not my three and 1 year old . Great design !
 I bought this gate over a year ago , for my first kiddo . I 'd seen them used at my church 's nursery , and they seemed to hold up pretty well -LRB- for so much use -RRB- . The foot pedal is designed so that a toddler has n't enough weight to push it down.It 's so easy to get through , just step on it , bump it with your hip , and it swings open . I 've only had my daughter break out once , when I had n't latched it properly.It should not be used at the top of stairs , as it swings both ways . Also , the bar along the bottom may cause a trip hazard for adults .
 We love this sturdy , easy gate . It works best in a doorway that you want closed off for sure . It 's not so easy to take up and down quickly .
 I am very pleased with this gate , we have it at the top of our stairs and it works great . The opening is n't HUGE but it still works . Our stairway is 351/2 inches wide so we did have to get the extension , it is not wobbly at all . Some advice though , do n't tighten it too tight or you wo n't be able to get the door open . I gave it 4 stars only because I was under the impression that it had a knee plate that you could bump to open and mine did not . The first one I ordered was defective but Amazon was very quick to replace it with a new one and works great . I have a 7 year old daughter and she does have a little trouble stepping down on the pedal to get it to work so I think that might take some time . I am guessing that the people who say their infant has figured out how to do that must have super babies . I am very pleased with this product . The slates are wide enough for my cats to fit through as well , ok well one of them the other one is too dumb to figure that part out so she just sits there until someone opens the gate .
 easy to install and use . had to purchase one extension to fit my hallway but it works great and my cats fit easily through it -LRB- as we had hoped -RRB- but my dog is not able to get around or over it -LRB- woo ! -RRB- . the foot petal requires a good amount of pressure , so children wo n't be able to open it and it 's great that it 's hands free for when i 'm carrying things . also , be sure to note there is a lip on it that would create a serious tripping hazard if used at the top of the stairs ... so definitely listen to the description and DO N'T
 We got this gate because we recently got 2 puppies , and have gated off all areas of our house so that they do n't run all around the house causing havoc . However regular gates are such a pain , having to step over them , is a hassle . Especially while trying to carry a new baby . So this is great . Only complaints
 We bought this gate to keep our dog out of the bedroom area of our house . We have a 4 month old though and will probably be using it for the same purpose for her . It came mostly assembled already , which was nice . My only gripe -LRB- and the reason why it lost 1 star -RRB- is the cheap plastic wrench that comes with it - it slips of the adjustment screw quite easily and is not long enough to get adequate leverage .
 This gate is very high quality and a snap to install . The pressure installation wo n't hurt your door frames , and my 15 month old daughter hangs attacks it frequently and it does n't budge . The pedal operation is ingenious , so much easier to open with your foot when you 've got your hands full . Also swings both ways , so you can push it open whether you 're coming or going.Highly recommend .
 Of all the things I 've ordered from Amazon , this is my favorite . I used to have to step over the baby gate but this one is great . Easy to install and has been very durable . Great when you have your hands full . You ca n't go wrong with this gate . Definitely recommend!Update . Had this gate for a long time and it still works great . One of the best buys that I 've ever made . Very durable and still works great and is very convenient . Still one of my favorite items that I 've ever bought .
 I have this gate in a standard doorway and it works so well ! We are renting a town home with stairs so we wanted something that was pressure mounted . I also love the hands-free capabilities of this gate . I love it especially because my youngest is n't walking yet but is a very curious , active crawler . Great buy !
 We have 2 of these gates . We bought several gates prior to purchasing these and found them all difficult to get in and out of while holding our child . This gate is tremendous . I would absolutely recommend this to anyone that needs a child gate or a dog gate . You simple step on the pedal and press it with your knee and voila it is open and you can push it with your hand or knee to close it . Buy this gate and you will be so pleased .
 THE PRIMARY REASON I REGISTERED FOR THIS GATE IS TO KEEP MY DOGS OUT OF THE NURSERY . I HAVE NOT HAD THE BABY YET , BUT I KNOW IT WILL BE SAFER FOR ME TO USE THIS GATE INSTEAD OF STEPPING OVER THE WOODEN PRESSURE MOUNTED GATES THAT I HAVE BEEN USING . I WISH AS A DOG OWNER , THAT I HAD PURCHASED THIS GATE EVEN BEFORE I WAS PREGNANT . I WILL RECOMMEND IT TO PET OWNERS AS WELL AS PARENTS !
 Not only is this gate incredibly easy to install and incredibly sturdy , but it is also great for pets . We do n't have any children , but we do have two dogs and two cats . The dogs are constantly trying to get at the cats ' food and litter box.This gate is actually a replacement for another gate we had to keep the dogs out , but it was flimsy and hard to maneuver around . I just installed this gate in about 10 minutes and it 's great because the cats can still have the run of the house by jumping it . It also keeps our Black Lab from passing through.Buy this gate ! It 's a wonderful , well thought-out product .
 Loved it ! Sturdy , stayed in place , easy to use and did n't damage the walls . I loved the hands-free opening and that it snaps shut . Other gates require AT LEAST one hand free -LRB- if not both -RRB- to both open and close behind you and they can damage the walls . Would highly recommend - made my life a lot easier .
 I love this gate ! Since I have 2 cats and a 1 year old Great Dane I was very worried about finding a gate which would keep all of the animals out of my son 's room . A friend of mine who has a Lab & a Golden Retriever recommended this gate . It was very easy to install , and is pressure mounted so it did n't damage my walls . It also has a base which prevents it from damaging my very expensive wood floors . Since I mounted it on the outside of the bedroom door , I am still able to close the door if I have to . And the pedal is the best thing I have ever seen ! I have a bad back and did not want to have to bend over to open the gate while carring my son . Because of the ease of the pedal I do n't have to . Whoever invented this gate is a genius !
 Gate is pretty sturdy when pressure mounted caps are tightened sufficiently . If not tightened enough the gate will tilt or may even tip over when you step on the paddle . Hint
 I bought this gate to keep our dog out of the back of the house , but then when our son came along , it has held up against him as well ! I love that I do n't have to use my hands to work it , and I really love that I do n't have to install it . I was really concerned about getting a gate I had to step over a million times a day , and this was the perfect solution !
 I love this gate , in fact we now have 2 . I did need to buy the extension for it , but that was not a big cost especially compared to the great quality and usefulness of the item ! First , I have molding along my baseboards , this is one of the few gates that adjusts to molding ! Second , my doorways are very wide and there are not many gates that have the extension . Third , it is more attractive than the plastic ugly gates . Fourth , it is easy to open with the foot pedal and hard for a 2 year old to open . Fifth , I love that it is a little door that opens , you do n't have to move the whole thing out of the way to get through ! I highly recommend this gate .
 I saw some not so good reviews on this product so I was not sure about it - When my husband put it together -LRB- which was easy to do -RRB- I was and am very happy with the gate . The foot peddle is great when you are holding a sleeping baby -LRB- or one that is awake -RRB- you do n't have to move your arms which might wake her up .
 I purchased one of these back in 2003 -LRB- for our dog -RRB- . Now I wanted another pressure-mounted , hands-free gate for our toddler and this is the product I immediately thought of purchasing.I was extremely disappointed when I received the gate and realized that there is no longer a ramp to help prevent tripping over the lower bar . I thought that feature was one of the main advantages of the older gate version . Why would the manufacturer discontinue that ? Surely it would not cost a lot more to include that piece , and I think parents would be willing to pay a few extra dollars for added safety.Fortunately I was able to find another product that solved the problem for me : Tee-Zed Dreambaby No-Trip Gate Ramp , WhiteIt 's not as perfect a fit as the original ramp , but it still works very well . Kudos to Dreambaby for thinking of selling such a product . I wish The First Years product manager would reconsider including the ramp with this gate .
 Before this , my wife and I were manually opening and closing popular wooden gates and super gates . My wife hated doing this and most of the time , the old gates remained propped up against walls instead of ` locked ' . I ca n't ever go back to the old gates , now . This thing is perfectly easy to install , open and close . It 's like having a real door . Perfect for blocking off access to a computer/home office room from the 15 month old , the 3 year old and even the 7 year old ! The gate itself is heavy iron and feels extremely solid . My 15 month old powerhouse of a boy ca n't budge it and ca n't climb it . I ca n't say the same for the wooden and super gates . He discovered how to climb those things thus scaring the crap out of me.Buy it . You will love it . I found mine cheaper at a local babies are us in case I had to return it.As for gate opening , I 'm a male , 6 ' 1 '' , 240lbs and I can get through perfectly without sidestepping . Even walked through with a load of laundry . I do n't know how fat these other people are that are complaining about the opening . They must be chunkalunks or extremely picky human beings . As always with Amazon , watch out for the perfectionists and super critical fools . If you 're normal and are simply sick of opening and closing those wooden and plastic gates , get this .
 This gate really does operate hands-free , which was terrific . What was not terrific is that my barely two-year-old daughter figured out how to open it by herself - defeating the purpose of the thing . Although others have said the weight of a two-year-old would not be enough to open it , my girl -LRB- 50 % ile for weight and height -RRB- could stand on the pedal and lean on the gate to get through . Just an FYI . If you 've got a resourceful young toddler , he or she may find a way to operate this gate . By contrast , she never could figure out the gates that required one hand to operate them . Lost convenience , yes , but in the end we could n't go hands-free without sacrificing the safety of our daughter .
 This is by far the best baby gate on the market . I first saw this gate at a relatives house and after reading Amazon reviews decided to purchase one . They 're more pricey thatn others , but well worth it . The rubber grips on the side allow for easy installation without having to drill holes in your doorway . The foot pedal allows for easy , handsfree , movement through the gate . It took me about 6-7 minutes to assemble and install once delivered . I 'll be purchasing another one in the near future !
 Overall a well designed and sturdy product . We encountered one problem
 I installed two of these gates . They keep my granddaughter , age one , away from forbidden areas of the house . She spends a couple of days a week with us , and we 've had the gates up for several months . They were straightforward to install -LRB- although you really have to tighten them to get the top to close completely -RRB- and have always worked . The no-hands style is very handy . We read reviewers complain about the pedals breaking , but so far we have had no problems . I try to follow the advice of one reviewer and step straight down on the pedal .
 Got three of these gates after seeing one in action at a friend 's house . They keep our little girl out of places we do n't want her to be unaccompanied and keep the cats out of rooms where they like to go and do naughty things -LRB- also prevents them from scratching at doors they want to open -RRB- . We have to periodically tighten them up , thanks to constant traffic and less than gentle use by siblings , so hold on to those little plastic wrenches that come with them . Can be tough for children age 6-10 to open because of weight needed to trigger release . Perfect for standard width doorways with wooden doorjambs . Pressure against the door jamb or wall holds them in place , so be careful if it 's just sheetrock .
 We love this gate ! We have a tiny galley kitchen and this keeps our son out , but makes it very easy for us to open and close to bring food and dishes through to the dining area . Once we got the gate in properly , which was very easy , it has n't budged for 21/2 months . I ca n't imagine having to step over a gate after having this one - it drives me crazy when I go to friends ' houses and have to do so . Our son stands on it , and has even stepped on the pedal that opens the gate without opening . Our other gates are all screwed into the wall because they are on stairs , but this works just as nicely as the screw in kind -LRB- though obviously not safe for stairs -RRB- . Our gate came in excellent condition and packaging . This is definitely the best pressure-mount gate out there .
 I was ecstatic to find this gate at Target last night after seeing it on the internet but not expecting to be able to find it locally . The one I had ordered from another on line retailer was too tall for my opening . My opening on one side is a doorway but a half wall/bar type area across from it that is only 35 inches tall . I had been using a cheap $ 20 26 inch high plastic gate but after adding a pet bird to one side of the plastic gate , my large prey-motivated dog was looking pretty darn interested and it did n't appear that gate would have stopped him once I departed the house . I love this gate ! I got it up in about 20 minutes and it is the most secure thing I have seen . It is also a darn sight better looking than the previous plastic weave gate . It is a great height for a large dog . It also looks nice and I like the pedal operation and the fact that the door swings both ways . The dog can see through it so he can keep his eyes on the intruders and perhaps it will frustrate him less . So although I ca n't speak to its usefulness as a baby-gate , as a dog-gate , it rules !
 I purchased this gate strictly as a pet gate to section my house off for my miniature dachshund . The gate works perfectly . It has features I did n't even consider when I initially purchased the gate -LRB- i.e.
 We 've used cheap collapsable barriers before , and they are fiddly and after time , damage the wall . We would put them on when the kids were crawling about . But now we have a new baby and the older kids ca n't hurdle the old barrier like we can , so we had to get one with a door . I like the fact that we are n't popping it on and off like the old one and it will just stay in place for the duration.The older kids -LRB- twins -RRB- are 3 and a half and the lightest one -LRB- girl -RRB- weighs about 36 pounds . She can open it -LRB- with a little difficulty -RRB- by bouncing on the release , which is a relief to us since we did n't want to be lifting her over all the time . So it works well for keeping baby in , and letting little kids through .
 I have placed this gate at the top of my stairs between a wall and a banister and it is so stable and secure that I can push on it as hard as I try and it does n't budge at all . It was tedious , but easy to install . I am so glad I chose this gate over other gates which you have to screw into your wall or banister .
 After reading many of the reviews here I decided to purchase this gate , along with an extension , for our hallway . Set up took about 5 minutes . After connecting the extension I tightened the bottom evenly and then worked up top in an evenly fashion . Meaning , I turned the tension knobs on each side in an evenly manner . Very little adjusting at all . Gate is sturdy and a joy to use in a house that is raising another puppy . The cat is happy for she can either squeeze through the bars or jump up over . The kids are happy for they are old enough to easily operate the gate and hubby is happy for the pup in contained to only her half of the house and not destroying his tv room ! Well worth every penny !
 Great baby gate ! Love the hands free foot petal and the fact that it opens going both ways . It is very secure and has n't moved a millimeter since we installed it . Great product ! I highly recommend it .
 This is the best gate !! I have tried several other gates and wish that I would have started with this one . I am going to order another one . It was so easy to set up . I did it myself in about 5-10 minutes . I am pregnant and have a 17 month old , so it has been heaven just using my foot to open the gate . I have told all of my friends about this gate . Also , a repair man -LRB- who came to our home to repair our furnance -RRB- phoned us later that night to ask us where we purchased that gate . He wanted one for his pets :-RRB- Great gate !!!
 I am glad I purchased this made-to-fit screen for the Bob Stroller . This screen is primarily used for the mosquitos that occupy our Minnesota landscape . It fits very snuggly on the stroller unlike the generic one we have for our Graco stroller.Construction is very durable and should easily last for quite a few years as long as it is stored properly when not on the stroller . If it does rip ; I believe this could be sewed , glued , or patched fairly easily.Definitely would purchase again .
 This is a must have item for BOB owners in summer . We live in CA and have endless sunshine and those annoying Santa Ana winds . This is great for blocking out winds and flying bugs too . It stops my boy from getting over excited and throwing his toys out where we may be.Very easy to put on -LRB- if I can do it you can too !! -RRB- As usual with BOB goodies it is very high quality .
 What my husband & I like about the shield ; 1 -RRB- Great at blocking the debris & sun from hitting our son2 -RRB- Strong , durable material3 -RRB- Great quality , especially compared to the generic stroller coversAreas of possible improvement :1 -RRB- We wish the the cover had a window -LRB- just like the stroller does -RRB- on the top to peek at your child2 -RRB- For the price of the BOB strollers , they should include a cover . If there was a pocket and it could somehow be tucked awayWe love our BOB Stroller and this is just a general statement but my husband & often wonder if companies that make infant/child products have children themselves : -RRB-
 We use our BOB for a lot of trail walking . This keeps the dirt and bugs off of our baby . It does make it difficult to see in to see our child from the front unless you press you nose to the screen . But like any screened in porch it is easier to see out than it is to see in . Our child has no problem with being shut in , the shield allows in air and he can stay cool . An added bonus is that his toys do n't fall out while we are walking , they get sealed in as well .
 We love this windscreen for the BOB . It shields our son from cold wind and direct sunlight . It 's easy to attach and remove , and our son can still see out of the stroller when it is installed .
 Purchased as a Christmas gift for my husbands GreatGrand daughter.Arrived in new condition and fits the stroller perfectly.Would recommend this item and seller .
 great , keeps bugs out , blocks sun . Would be nice if there was a combo option for sun/screen/rain since the rain sheild fits on the exact same way and we live in the land of summer bugs and afternoon thunderstorms . overal this product is well constructed and does what it is advertised to do , would recomend to a friend . A bit pricey but worth it in the end .
 Fits nice , well designed . Much more than I wanted to pay for it , but I did buy it .
 Glad to have this ! Works great to block the sun , wind and bugs . Easy to put on and fits well on BOB stroller .
 I bought these extensions because I had to have them so that the co-sleeper would fit properly next to my bed . However , when added the sleeper did n't seem as steady or stable on the floor . There was a lot more sway in the sleeper with the extensions than without them . While not a big issue because the sleeper was attached to my bed , I expected something a little more solid or sturdy .
 Simple product which does the job of elevating the CoSleeper up to our bed . Two problems , I was n't able to find the color-matched legs through Amazon -LRB- only white -RRB- . And once you start using the extensions it is VERY difficult to remove the extensions .
 A little wobbly , but pretty good . I would definately NOT recommend using the item as a stand alone bassinet with these legs on -LRB- which is also the recommendation of the manufaturer -RRB- . I feel safe using it attached to the bed , and it is SO nice to have my son RIGHT THERE !
 I ordered these when I did n't need them , the co-sleeper is pretty high on its own . My advice
 The leg extenstions work great and arrived fast . The only problem is that the leg extensions do not raise the bed high enough , as we have a tall bed .
 I love this potty ! What a way to encourage potty training when you pee pee the music goes on by sensor telling baby he/she did a great job , litteraly . Nothing like my first had , and besides the music reward , the seat can be put on the big potty when it 's time and the rest is used as a step stool to get up to the big pot . Super happy with this and totally recommend it to ease potty training !!! LOVE
 My son is 18 months . We bought this potty in hopes to strike up his interest in learning to use the potty . He loves this potty . I think this was the best one out there on the market , and so far we believe we were right .
 My 21/2 year old boy LOVES his Fisher-Price Royal Potty Step Stool!No complaints so far ! It 's a cute little potty , easy to clean . My little boy likes the lid that goes up and down like on Mommy and Daddy 's potty , and he loves it when the music plays while he is going potty ! The step stool idea is wonderful along with the toilet seat that attaches to an adult toilet seat . The seat attaches very well and firm to an adult seat .
 I purchased this when my little girl was just over 2 yrs old , and within two days of using it she was potty trained ! She just LOVED to make the music play , and it was wonderfully easy to clean up.I pulled it out when my son was 21/2 yrs old , and he also trained within a few days . He got a real kick out of making the music play , and we never had any problems with spilling etc. . Perhaps those who had trouble forgot to use the little additional part to be added on for boys?We now have a third to train , and I have purchased another Royal Step Stool Potty for him to use . I know he 's going to have as much fun as his siblings did .
 We 've been potty-training for a while just using the potty seats that sit on the regular toilet , but wanted to give our son more control and a sense of ownership over the whole process . We got one of these potties last night , and absolutely love it - spent 45 minutes drinking water and going potty -LRB- I had to refuse more water and more potty time , it was past time for bath and bed ! -RRB- He loves the music playing when he uses it , he gets so excited and has the biggest grin.The room for improvement
 This is a cute chair , it must be comfortable , because my grandson will sit on it for quite a while . Its versatile , can go on the real toilet and be used as a step stool . -LRB- my grandson likes to stand on it to peek out the window -RRB- . It plays tunes when peed in , although as the baby soon figured out , if you bounce up and down hard enough , it will play , diluting the reward feature . I am happy with it . The only other disadvantage of this potty is that the seat area is a little small , and you have to be careful that boys do n't scrape their weenies when sitting or getting up from this chair .
 I bought this potty chair for my son 's first birthday . No , I had no expectations what so ever . I just wanted to introduce him to it . The day after his birthday I open the box and me and daddy placed him on it without his diaper . He sat comfortably and played with the side handles . He made some grunts and we thought he was doing his typical noise making -LRB- because the sound activator on the potty chair was suppose to go off once it was in contact with contents -RRB- and there it was his handy work he had some bowel movements for the first time . We were very pleased . The sound does n't go off if the contents do n't touch the sensors . Later on that night I placed him on it again to demonstrated to my Aunt what we had done earlier , and the music played because now he had peed in the potty . It was a very proud moment for us and him . Later the next day we attempted this again , however , now he is so distracted by the pee pee shield that he just moves it back and forth . He often hurts himself when he tries to stand up by himself . I removed that piece but now it ca n't serve it 's purpose . Over all , I think this would be perfect for a girl .
 The new `` potty chair '' arrived very quickly . I was pleased with the service . Even though he 's young , I think it will be a great tool in getting him trained .
 This is a great potty.I been potty training my son he loves wen the potty rewards him for going pee pee or pop po great step stool to raise my son to the sink to warsh his hands he also brushes his teeth . great potty well made many great features can be used as a potty seat on a adult potty.easy cleaning has a removle sound maker takes 3 aa battries note remove wen clean potty step stool can handle 150 pounds so adults can stand to reach tooi am glad to buy this well spent moneyglad fisher price makes these pottys .
 my twins really like this chair . however , I think that the music is not necessary . I thought that I had ordered the one without the music . The music goes off at random times , this is a bit of a let down for the child if they hear the music when they have n't done anything on the seat.Otherwise , this is a good product . It 's also great as a step stool .
 Fisher-Price royal stepstool potty is fit for a prince , so cute , plays music . My 18mo grandson sat on it as soon as it was put together . Its also great that the seat is removable and can be used on a toilet and the base can be used as a stepstool when toddler is ready for the big toilet . Definitely would reccommend . The description of the product gives you all the information you need .
 She is 2 and a half and she like a lot the music reward when she makes poo and pee . . she started use it since the first day , we had a lot trouble trying many differents ways to potty training and finally this works !!
 Ordered it for my 18 month old , he is not yet ready :-LRB- But nonetheless we are using this as a stool to wash his hands over the sink , to brush his teeth . He likes to go Up Up Up n then Down Down Down : -RRB- Overall satisfying . . he did sit on it for more than an hour n we hoped he wud poop . . well he dint but thats not the story , I mean to tell its very comfortable to sit on it as he was happily sitting on it.Edited 3/21/2012After successfully training my 26 month old boy on this chair I feel I owe this product a review since long . Great Product , he has been using this for over 6 months now . Durable , easy to clean and music is ok . The music can be annoying at times as the chair is extra sensitive and keeps playing music due to other vibrations in home . But nonetheless , Potty Training Mission Accomplished !! I am not sure if the music helps in training -LRB- may be it did -RRB- , but overall it seems very comfortable to sit n clean . And that all that matters : -RRB-
 I highly recommend this potty . It 's really cute how it plays music when my son pees ! I would have given it 5 stars , but I 'm having a little trouble with him keeping his private part down into the attached cup that 's supposed keep him my peeing into the air ! It might be his fault though cause he tends to sit back and then it pops out ! I also love that it converts to a training seat for the regular toilet and also into a step stool ! : -RRB-
 this seems to be the best one that I have searched around for , plus my daughter loves having her own potty , and when she goes she gets a little music to encourage her .
 Bought this for my 20 mo old daughter and it has so far been a great chair to potty train her ! The cup in front is removable -LRB- for girls -RRB- so I took it off . I love that the music sensor goes off when they have done the deed , what a great reward -LRB- in addition to a little sticker I give her myself -RRB- . In the case of other reviewers here that ca n't turn the music sensor off , there is a switch -LRB- at least on my model -RRB- that you can slide to the off position if you do n't want it . If that does n't work , taking the batteries out always seems to be a remedy :-RRB- We have n't detatched the seat yet for the regular toilet but we intend to when she gets more of a hang of the potty itself . Very happy with our purchase !
 I got this for my girl and am very happy with the quality . It is very very easy to clean and the size is perfect for her.I got another brand of potty one for downstairs and had to return it as she literally fell in it as it was so huge for her . Her feet touch the ground on this potty and this way she sits more stable on the potty.I am buying 2 more of these potties - one for downstairs and one for my work place since she comes to work with me . I am extremely pleased with the product.She gets so excited and laughs when she hears the potty `` sing '' after using it . I also love the price.Side note - for parents that are working on elimination communication , this potty may be a good fit since it is a good size for younger babies -LRB- 10-12 months -RRB- .
 I bought this potty seat for my 2 year old boy , and at first I did n't like much because it will pinch his little pipi , and I did n't know how to turn the music off , but there is an off button at the bottom of this potty seat -LRB- so you can actually turn it off -RRB- Now I have 2 of these and a Baby B jorn , and I totally love this seat specially for a boy , it has thelittle pipi holder so his piii does n't end on the floor or on me ! all the other potty seats I have to hold down his pipi so it does n't go shooting at my face . He is 2 years and 2 months and he is totally potty trained.Lots of patience , 2 weeks naked at home and we stoped putting diapers on him at all ! we have few accidents -LRB- while driving , he went pipi on the car seat couple of times -RRB- after that I bought an extra potty seat for my car!he only uses pull ups at night , I am very proud of him and so glad I do n't have to buy/change diapers anymore . I absolutely recomend this seat . !
 My little boy has been using this potty for about 6 months now and I could n't be happier ! I read a lot of reviews and asked all of my Mommy friends what they used until finally deciding on this Fisher-Price Royal Stepstool Potty . My main concern was that the pee guard would be tall enough for a little boy to use and not spray everywhere , but also short enough that he could comfortably get on the potty by himself . Here are my pros and cons : Pros :1 . My 2 year old is not very tall and he can get on and off by himself with ease .2 . It is easy to take apart and clean .3 . my boy can empty the potty himself and this makes him even more proud to use it .4 . It is very lightweight and he carries it around when he wants to use it as a step stool .5 . The PEE GUARD IS PERFECT ! We 've never had a `` spray over the top accident '' ! My Mom bought one from a thrift sale to keep at her house . It has a soft seat . STAY AWAY FROM THESE ! When the kid pees , it will leak out the front from under the potty seat ! Do n't be concerned that this seat is plastic , my kid has NEVER complained ! 6 . Great price ! You 'll find pottys for $ 60 plus dollars . That is a WASTE of MONEY ! This potty is wonderful for a very wonderful price!Cons :1 . I have only 1 con . My kid loved the music that played when he peed , but not long after we begun using it , the potty would just play on its own . In the middle of the night , the potty would just ... go off , and wake up my husband and I . It did it ocassionally at first , but then would play on its own all the time . As a result , I keep the music turned off and my kid has n't really noticed.You ca n't go wrong with this one !
 This works well for potty training . We have two of them , one in the bathroom and the other wherever we are -LRB- for now -RRB- . We turned off the music though . One of the potty 's was sensitive and the music kept going off for no reason . The music is also a little loud and could frighten some kids , but it 's nice to have the option . The girls take it apart more than I 'd like and we have to move fast so they do n't try to help with disposal . They also push it up to the sink and use it as a step-stool to wash their hands . They can reach the water from the stool with a facet spout extender .
 Very good product . It was good to buy it . It has a good price and an excellent design . I recommend it
 It is a great incentive to get your toddler to use the potty without much help from you . Have recommended it to all my friends . * two thumbs up !! *
 We bought this potty for our first boy who is now 5 . He did n't care for the music , the seat , or anything else but the step-stool function . He did n't like the pee-guard especially . We removed it from the get-go hoping that it would be better . We ended up buying him an in-expensive seat that sits on the big potty , and he 's never looked back . Jump to my second son , who is training now . He LOVES this potty . Since we removed the pee-guard and have lost it , we were able to teach him to make sure his pee-pee points down and the pee goes into the potty . With this lesson , we have NEVER had an issue of leaks . Not once have any of my boys missed the potty , big or small . With the age and my first born not interested in using a small potty , we do have the music issue , but no rust issues . I told our youngest that it 's kinda like a surprise , you do n't know if it 's going to play or not until you try . sometimes I 'll reach under and push the button . After each use , the potty gets washed out , dried , and a light coat of lysol . -LRB- Maybe why rust is n't an issue ? -RRB- I 'm now ordering one for my parent 's house .
 I purchased this carrier on Valentine 's Day and via Amazon Prime , received it the next day . For the few days in which I have owned it , it has been an excellent purchase.I began doing research on the baby carriers well before I gave birth . I looked extensively at the Baby Bjorn , Jeep Carrier , and the Playtex Hip-Hammock . I could not justify spending $ 100.00 on a carrier and only using if for a sort period of time . As tiem progressed , I continued to do research and read reviews . Before it new it , my little one was born on Halloween and I thought that maybe a carrier was n't necessary - I was wrong.I am now a stay at home mom . I am very busy around the house each day and I also volunteer at my son 's school . My little one is very active and loves it when she can see me - if she ca n't she will whine or yell until I am within her view again . I finally told my husband that I wanted to go ahead an purchase a carrier to make things a little simpler at home and when I go out.As soon as I received the carrier , I put it on and strapped my daughter in . She was amazed ... it was almost as if had entered a new world . Each time I have worn it thus far , she is extremely content . She looks around , babbles , and giggles . She appears to be comfortable and she lives the closeness that we are able to experience . It has also been helpful while I am at my son 's school . I am able to walk around with classroom without having to carry her or leave her in her stoller.I will admit that I have yet to read the directions -LRB- bad habit of mine , but juding for the pictures and what my eight-year-old told me , I am wearing it correctly . I have n't noticed any back problems or discomfort . I do have to re-adjust the straps frequently because they slide . That could possibly be due to my petite frame -LRB- I am 4 '10 and I have very narrow shoulders -RRB- . I will have my husband -LRB- 6 ' 0 and average build -RRB- try it out and update with is opinion .
 These extensions are sturdy , and they work quite well . They do not come apart too easily , which ensures that the co-sleeper is stable . However , they come apart well enough to not be a hassle . I actually have the dark brown co-sleeper . Therefore , I do not know if the color perfectly matches the toffee colored co-sleeper . I could not find the extensions that match mine . The color difference is very noticeable .
 I did n't listen to all the negative reviews and I am glad I did n't ! These put the co-sleeper right up to my bed and they do n't wobble at all : -RRB-
 We got these really quickly - days faster than the time frame given . We tested them right away and yes it makes the bassinet a little wobbly when using all of the extensions , but when attatched to the bed the bassinet is not going anywhere !!! As for the bassinet hopefully our baby boy finds it comfortable when he gets here ! Perfect height for our 30 '' bed .
 We got these to raise our cosleeper to the height of our bed . Although I was concerned about their stability after reading other reviews , our cosleeper is secure and stable even with all 4 extensions on each leg , and I 'm glad we bought them . -LRB- I would n't necessarily move it from room to room with them attached , but they work perfectly with the cosleeper attached to our bed . -RRB-
 We needed the extension kit because of our 4 inch memory foam topper on our mattress . We could have done without but wanted our son to be more level with the mattress . We are very pleased with the extenders and color is very important . The extenders are exactly like the ones already on the cosleeper so you will want to stick with the same color for a seamless finish . At 9 months pregnant I was able to pop the wheels out , add the extenders , and pop the wheels back in . I feel it has the same sturdiness as it did before especially when attached properly to the bed . Well worth the money .
 These are helpful when you have a high bed . It worked well to increase the height . It makes the co-sleeper more wobbly and when you pick up the co-sleeper , the extensions can fall off so you can not place it down without it being re-built . Would still recommend if you needed to increase the height .
 These leg extensions were just what we needed for the Arm 's Reach Co-Sleeper to be at level -LRB- or at least close -RRB- with our bed ... today 's super thick mattresses have left our bed apparently ` bove the norm ' . The product arrived quickly and it was brainlessly easy to assemble . Why they have to cost what they do , seems a bit excessive to me , but what 's a girl to do ? They do n't sell them at Babies R Us either , so I wish I had just stayed home and ordered the whole ensamble through Amazon instead of trucking my pregnant body to the strip mall . The CoSleeper has been a huge help , wish I had had it for our other 3 children ! I would recommend .
 Product fit perfectly to existing co-sleeper . Raised it up to the height of our bed . Product would have been unstable if not attached to the bed though .
 Our bed + mattress is pretty high and I needed the extensions to raise the cosleeper to my level . I tried the cosleeper without it for a week and it was breaking my back to dip down to pick up the baby to breastfeed at night.Giving birth naturally injured my back/hip . It took me 2 months to fully recover . So having the cosleeper at my level really helped me . Plus having the baby within my arm 's reach to soothe also added more hours to my sleep , which I desperately needed since I was the only one at home to take care of the baby -LRB- hubby had to go back to work after the first week -RRB- . Adding the extensions does make the bed more shaky , but it 's not going to collapse or tip over , especially when the cosleeper is right next to the adult bed .
 We used two extra pieces on each leg to bring the co-sleeper to the perfect height for our bed . Worked like a charm ! Expensive yes , but the right tool for the job .
 The leg extenders are excellent and much neede to elevate the co-sleeper bed to the height of our be and to elevate the area where the head is positioned to avoid acid reflux in my baby . i am most happy with this product and i highly recommend it .
 I put the extensions on the co-sleeper to raise it up since our bed is on the taller side . Perfect . Before ordering , I also did some comparison shopping and found this site to be the least expensive and I believe I received free shipping . Always a bonus !
 Gave four stars bc we havent used it yet . But product is as described and shipped quickly . Will update when in use .
 Yes they are expensive , but they do exactly what they are meant to and they are safety tested . Snaps right in to our cosleeper and made us and our baby sleep a lot better . Would recommend .
 Used it to raise the co-sleeper up to the level of the master bed mattress . The legs are sturdy with the extensions .
 perfect to get the Arms Reach Co-Sleeper up to the height of your bed . No issues with quality at all .
 The extensions did make the unit a little unstable feeling but I wrapped the legs for more stability . But I was happy with my purchase . Now I just need a more supportive mattress .
 This item is very easy to use and the co-sleeper is now the correct height and still extremely stable .
 To bring the co-sleeper up to the height of the bed , these leg extensions are the best bet . Yes , as someone else said , they do make it a little shaky.So if you are not planning to attach the co-sleeper to your bed , you may want to leave the height alone . -LRB- You 'll be getting up anyway , so it probably does n't matter how tall it is . -RRB- But once attached to the bed with the anchor strap , rather than free-standing , it was very secure .
 When I originally read reviews of this product I felt very discouraged because a lot of people said that the legs made the co-sleeper unstable . I have NOT had that experience at all . The legs were easy to install , click together , and the co-sleeper feels just as stable as it did before . It is really nice to have these to be able to customize the sleeper to fit our taller bed . That being said -LRB- this is a review of the company and not the product -RRB- I really feel like this kit should be included with any co-sleeper and/or should cost much less . It seems awfully expensive for what it is .
 These are absolutely necessary to get your co-sleeper to be level with the bed if you have a thick mattress -LRB- which most of them are these days -RRB- . I used every single one of them . They seem like they would n't be very sturdy/stable , but once the co-sleeper is strapped to the bed , it does n't move at all .
 I agree that this product is grossly overpriced for what it is . These are just plastic pieces that snap onto the legs of the Co-Sleeper bassinet to raise it higher . But , they do the trick . The directions state that you are not supposed to use these extensions without securing the bassinet to your bed . Otherwise , the bassinet would not be stable at all . But when it is attached to the bed , it is very stable . I had to raise my bassinet 4 inches so I used two of these for each leg . I love the bassinet now that it is at the same level as my bed . I can so easily see and reach my baby at night . I think these should be at least half the price that they are , but I wanted to get the part that actually went with the co-sleeper rather than parts from another manufacturer .
 After reading ALL the reviews on the leg extension kit I decided to go with the bed lifts from bed bath and beyond first . They were HORRIBLE !! All the reviewers who stated that they were better were wrong they did not hold the co-sleeper up very well made it very un stable . I then ordered the leg extension kit and it was great it did the job that it stated it would do . If you need the co sleeper to be taller and very stable next to your bed , then I defiantly recommend the arms reach leg extension kit !
 We have a tempur-pedic bed , which if anyone reading this has one knows that they are MUCH higher than most beds ! So these leg extensions came in great use to raise our baby 's cosleeper up to match the height of the bed . They were easy to put on , fit great , and were very sturdy . Definitely recommend if you need them !
 Works as expected . The color is an exact match . Does what it is supposed to do . The bassinet still feels stable with these under it .
 I received this item quickly . That was nice . At first I thought it seemed rickety . But , now that I have had the extensions on the cosleeper for awhile and have moved it around , they seem pretty stable . They were extremely easy to install .
 The extensions are easy to add . I just do n't like that you are supposed to remove them if not attached to the bed . I like rolling the co-sleeper into the living room during the daytime .
 My bed is a little higher than average so I needed these to raise the cosleeper . They worked out fine . No complaints . Great service from Amazon
 We purchased these leg extensions because our bed sits very high . They helped raise the co-sleeper roughly 5 inches using all four extension peices per leg . They do not recommend using more than four , but they seem pretty sturdy . I would not hesitate stacking 6 high wihtout any worries , unfortunately they are sold in packs of four per leg per package -LRB- 16 peices -RRB- . This is a great product if needed .
 We only needed one extension set and they are the perfect height for our queen size sleigh bed . The color matches perfectly with our cosleeper
 I love this stroller and have had it for about 3 years . I got it when my kids were about 21/2 and 6 months old . We are still using it . It 's great for traveling since it folds down and is pretty compact . Never had any problems with fitting through doors or anything . I do wish it had a bit more storage but what it does have is great for this size of stroller . Love that each side folds down seperately so if I have a sleeping childed they can lay back and be comfortable . It was also a very reasonable price for this style of stroller . Very well constructed still looks new not faded or worn after several years of use .
 We use the stroller as no. 2 -LRB- have a Charriot for the heavy duty work -RRB- . It folds easy , weights almost nothing -LRB- my 110 Lb wife can have one twin on the arm while unfolding the stroller -RRB- and handles good . Can even pass through most doors -LRB- in Europe -RRB- . Recommen for urban use only -LRB- can seem a bit flimsy -RRB- .
 First of all , double umbrella strollers are quite hard to come by . This one is exceptional , especially for the price . I use it traveling - it 's quick and easy to fold up , even while holding two babies . It 's very sturdy , rugged enough for multiple flights and mass-transit uses throughout San Francisco , Berkeley and New York , so far .
 As a mother with twins , this stoller is a great option as the kids get out of the infant stage . It folds up smaller than most double strollers and is light weight and fairly easy to control . Drawbacks
 Perfect for traveling or packing in the motorhome . For the price , it has alot to offer . It has bags on both sides of the stroller for snacks , moveable sunshades to really keep the sun out of their eyes . It 's not the plushest stroller , however , for travel or quick errands it 's perfect for us !
 After reading a few of the other reviews ... I think some people are too critial of this stroller . I have a daughteR that is turning 3 next month and last summer I went to walmart to buy an umbrella stroller -LRB- for $ 15 -RRB- and by the time winter came it was still ticking . It actually got us thru one of the worst winters in Washington history and was still working . This stroller is 5 times better than that one.And lets be real ... . almost all other double strollers are twice this price . The product is worth more than what I paid for it and now that my second child will be here very soon I have no doubt that this stroller will get me tru to at least next summer if not longer than that.GREAT DEAL ... . GOOD QUALITY !
 I gave this stroller as a gift . So far there have been no problems .
 I was looking for a double stroller that I could get in and out of my sedan easily . I did n't like the tandems because they not only take up tons of space , but they are also very heavy . This stroller is light , and I can take it in and out of my trunk with one hand . Plus , because my kids are heavy enough to push , I am not pushing an extra 25 + pounds in stroller . Because it is side-by-side , it can be a tight fit going through some doors , but I have never been unable to get through a door.My husband thinks that some of the parts are cheap and look like they can break easily , but with 6 months of lots of use , we have had no problems . The sun visors have bent at an angle when storing , but I can still use them fine and I like that they rotate down , so you can angle them with the sun . I am so glad that I bought this rather than a larger , more expensive , heavier tandem stroller .
 I purchased this stroller about 6 weeks ago for my 11 month-old twins as a more compact and lighter alternative to my Graco Duoglider . I chose it over other double umbrella strollers because of its lower price . When my husband and I go for a walk I make him push this stroller because it is a little too short for me to use comfortably -LRB- I 'm almost 6 feet tall -RRB- . Both of us sometimes accidentally hit the brake with our feet as we walk , and this is a little annoying . It does fit through most modern doors , but if you 're going to an historic area of town where the buildings are older , I do n't think it would fit . As with all umbrella strollers , you must be careful not to hang anything off the handles that is too heavy , otherwise the stroller can tip backwards . The canopy does n't cover much , but it 's better than nothing . There is one position to recline and we 've used that as well . The mesh backing is great when it 's hot , and you can cover it when you do n't want the air flow on the kids ' backs . One advantage of the side-by-side stroller is that the kids can look at each other and get the same view . Also , you are closer to both kids and can see where you are going better . My husband has taken this stroller through grass and over gravel and had no problems , though I 'm wary about off-roading . It was pretty easy to put together , and it functions how I expected it to based on other reviews . Overall , I am pleased with the product , but continue to use my Duoglider as my main stroller because its height fits me better and has greater cargo carrying capacity .
 We have three children , ages 2 mos to 3 years , and we use this stroller with all three . The seats fold down flat enough that , with use of the seat belt and a head support , our infant does just fine in it . Our 2 year and 3 year old love it because they can sit side by side and talk , share snacks , etc. . The only problem we have had with it is that , in 18 mos worth of serious wear and tear -LRB- i.e. a dozen plane trips , two vacations , and weekly use at the zoo -RRB- , the clip that holds it together when folded has gotten warped and so sometimes pops off . The cure ? We wrap a luggage strap around it when flying - the rest of the time it is no big deal.We actually have a double jogging stroller -LRB- which cost 3x as much -RRB- that , while we loved it for about 2 mos -RRB- , we have n't used since our second child was 3 mos old . It is big and bulky , and it much more difficult to maneuver . The Jeep double umbrella stroller has been great .
 We bought this stroller to pick up our adopted 3 year old twins from India . We needed a lightweight stroller but one that would hold up to tough treatment . This stroller made it through checked baggage to and within India , and has handled many trips with our twins . I see others have had problems with quality , but we were lucky and have had absolutely no issues .
 Love it ! It 's easy to operate . I took it on our trip oversea . Easy to open and close when going thru security and custom , and getting around airport . One downside , it does n't have undercariage basket to put diaper bags and toys .
 I bought this stroller a month ago and since then I have been using it every day with my 4 and my 2 and a half year old boys . It 's practical , easy to close , easy to open , lightweight , it fits everywhere , it went all through New York and Disney and two plane trips and it is still intact.The cup holder is no use , I took it off as it kept falling , but I do n't think it 's such an important item . And of course it has no basket people ! It 's a practical stroller which meets all the expectations for what it was made ! And the price is unbeatable!I 'm extremely satisfied with my purchase . Plus a thumbs up to Amazon.com which sent my order 24 hours later , even though I had chosen standard shipping ! 24 hours after my purchase I had the stroller at home !!!!!!
 I really like this stroller ! It is super light , easy to manuver , folds up nicely , my girls love it . . and the really love being next to each other ! With my stadium stroller someone was either kicking the back or pulling hair . . and fighting who is in back or front ... the only thing I would say about it ... it does just about make it through the door ways . . it makes it but a tight squeeze . The canopy I ca n't figure out for the life of me ... but that is minor ... cup holder is decent and at least it holds something . No storage bin but I hang everything from the handles ... it 's a good buy for the money and my kids love it and that is all that matters !
 I was very pleased with this product , it covered the back seat and has a handy little pocket to put bottles , wipes , dipers in . I have brought another two for the other car .
 it is ok , keeps the seat clean , a little hard to keep in place
 This was a perfect solution for `` feet '' on the back of the seats and to hold a few toys . It does not hold alot but we have 2-3 books , and 2-3 small toys so its perfect for day to day travel with a little one .
 I love these because we always have little feet on the back of our seats . This keeps some of the dirt off the seat and it has a little pocket to keep the wireless headphones in for the TV .
 I guess I ca n't say anything real bad about this item . I mainly have it so my son 's muddy shoes wo n't ruin the back of my seat . It 's great for that . The stringing that holds it to the seat could be a little different , but I 'm not sure how ... just seems not finished well for that part . Then again , no one sees it , so who cares ! Other than that , the pockets are good and the material is sturdy and very easy to clean . I 'm glad I got it .
 was received folded in a circle like a sunshade . It kept some twist after I unfolded it . Otherwise good . Not bad for the price !
 My kids have a habit of wanting to put their feet on my seats ... and then I have to clean them off . This alleviates all that . because now their feet his this . Plus it has a handy dandy storage compartment for small toys so they are n't all over the floor ... and it 's easy to reach for a 2 yr old .
 The only reason I did n't give it five stars was because I do n't think the product secures well to the bottom of the seat.However , I am just pleased that my new leather seats wo n't be ruined .
 I have two grandchildren -LRB- 7 & 3 -RRB- and have had this brand since the oldest was two . Through natural wear I had to replace them about six months ago . Replaced with another brand that just did not do the job . Searched and found the original I had used and working like a charm !
 My 2.5 year old daughter was starting to get the seat backs all scuffed up and seemed to enjoy doing it . With winter around the corner , I knew it would only get worse . So I purchased these for each of our cars and they are great thus far . Unfortunately , they are n't truly made for all vehicles , at least not a perfect fit . My car does n't have the necessary restraints under the seat to tie to - thus they are tied to some elastic loops . Beyond that though , they are relatively cheap and do the job I was hoping they would . The pouch is nice too , although very intriguing for 2 year old hands ...
 Very satisfied with this item . We purchased it in early June 2011 . It 's easy to install and my 2.5 yr son kicks it like crazy and it 's holding up great . I chose this seat protector over the others because it has two shoe lace type ties at the bottom instead of a piece of elastic.We tried one with the elastic but it was really hard to put over the front seats in our Honda Odyssey van and once we did get it on it did n't cover the seat well nor stay in place well . Plus the elastic bothers the person actually sitting in the seat.The adjustable top strap and shoe lace ties on this seat protector allow me to securely position the protector in place and provides coverage right where we need it . We bought another one for our Honda Civic as well and will buy more once our 6 month old starts kicking the other seat .
 It works good and was easy to install . The pocket is pretty small , but that 's more of a bonus to not having a dirty seat , the main reason to buy the product !
 I bought this about 10 months ago and it 's still holding up great ! My two year old -LRB- soon to be 3 -RRB- always has her feet on the back of the seat . This works great to keep her dirty shoes off of my tan leather seats . It 's black , which is nice , because even though it may be dirty , you ca n't see it and when you can , just wipe it clean with a damp cloth and it 's as good as new . I like the handy storage pouch on it as well , perfect for a travel size of wipes to wipe dirty hands , etc. . I bought two of these after reading some reviews of them not holding up too well , but it 's still in the box ! I would recommend this to anyone .
 I just bought a new car and it has beautiful black leather seats . I have a 2 year old and a 4 year old . This means that both will not mix , especially in winter ! My kids kick the back of my seats and get salt and mud on them . This seat protector works wonders ! It was a little tough to find something under the seat to tie it down , but once I did , it stays put ! LOVE IT !!! Luckily my seats are black , the protector blends in . I would recommend this product to anyone with kids who want to make sure their car stays clean !
 I have used this product for over five years and it has been through three vehicles and still holding up . It is starting to show a little wear so I am purchasing new ones . I strongly disagree with the previous reviews on the quality , unless your child is an animal or monster , these will work for you perfectly .
 This seat protector was easy to install and covers the entire back of our truck seat . It 's pretty durable considering my 2.5 year old played with it in the house for a few days and did n't damage it . It was easy to install and I have n't had to adjust it yet . The mesh holds a few books and that 's about it .
 This co-sleeper is everything that they promise . Our son slept in this until he was 14 months old . `` Mini '' is kind of an overstatement . It is very generously sized and easy to put up.The sheets are well made and easy to change . They are n't Eqyptian cotton by any means , but , fit the bed and do the trick . The sheets fit perfectly -LRB- and snugly -RRB- around the mattress and then velcro to the mattress itself , so it is extremely safe . The matress and sheet combo then attach securely -LRB- with velcro -RRB- to the bed . It does not lay flat though - it has a slight curve to it but the baby has never noticed.The ONLY downside to this mattress/sheet arrangement is that the mattress is not waterproof . You MUST have a waterproof pad underneath the sheet as the mattress is also not washable . Trust me , get a crib sized waterproof pad and cut it to fit . One the size of a pack-n-play mattress should do it.Overall , this product deserves RAVE reviews - it is just perfect !
 Yes , you read it correctly , this co-sleeper , does n't require assembly . Shocked to receive the box and it says no assembly , could n't believe my eyes . The setup took less than 5 minutes to do , yes it was just that easy , did n't even need to open the manual , awesome . The actual crib / bassinet is big enough for up to 6 month baby , wish it was a bit wider , then it 'll last even longer . The packing is very smart , I was able to pack it up and take it with me on a trip without a fuss , and the baby can sleep comfortably just like she is home . You do n't really need to use the extra leg or wheels , some shorter beds will work better without it , and if you have a tall bed , then use the wheel and legs to make the co-sleeper taller to fit.Overall an excellent constructed piece , secure feeling , smart design , good storage area , probably if there is one complaint would be the mattress is a bit on the thin side . You can fix that with some extra thick blankets or sheets to wrap around it for more comfort .
 We LOVE this co-sleeper bassinet ! How wonderful to have your baby right next to you & be able to just reach down to pick them up so easily . Perfect for breastfeeding moms . It makes it so easy to feed him in the middle of the night without having to get out of bed . It 's also nice to look over & be reassured that he 's breathing.They do n't recommend this , but I have used other bassinet sheets -LRB- not meant for the Arms Reach co-sleeper -RRB- just as back up sheets & they seem to be just fine . The mattress pad idea sounds great -LRB- per the other reviewer -RRB- . I think I 'll give that a shot too because it would be nice if the mattress were waterproof.I love this product & would recommend it to anyone -LRB- even moms who are n't breastfeeding -RRB- . = -RRB-
 This product is pretty ingenious . I put it together in about 20 minutes , it was much easier than my pack and play . There is plenty of storage space . I only wish this was in my price range when I had my first son , it would have made those long nights much more tolerable . I will say this , I got it on sale a Babies R Us , sorry amazon for about $ 130.00 -LRB- tax included -RRB- , so I am extra happy about that . All in all a great product .
 When my husband and I found out I was pregnant his only request was that we get a portable cosleeper bassinet that attached to the bed and could fold up for travel . We searched and searched and this is the one we agreed on . It is easy to put up and easy to take down . The mattress is not as hard as some of the reviews have said , but , It 's a bassinet mattress , it 's not supposed to be squishy ... squishy mattresses lead to suffocation . I am now patiently waiting for my son to arrive so we can utilize this .
 Our bedroom is very small and this fits just great ! It works just perfectly and my son sleeps great in it !
 The mini co-sleeper was one of the first products that we purchased for our child . This sleeper has been an invaluable product that keeps the baby within arms reach at all times . The co-sleeper is easy to move from room to room and breaks down and sets up with ease . Great for those who travel with infants and the additional storage area maintained within the system saves time and energy when in need of quick supplies . A must have first purchase for new parents .
 The first time you put it together be prepared for a 30 + minute job involving a lot of frustration . It can seem like the designers were on drugs ; however , having put it up and taken it down now 5 or 6 times I can do it in under a minute and it all seems logical . Packed up it is pretty heavy , i would not want to try and check it on a plane . You really need to order extra fitted sheets from Arms reach as well . We now think it is a good product and it has served us well .
 Even though my baby does n't use it -LRB- he wo n't sleep anywhere for longer than 20 min except on me -RRB- I gave it 5 stars because it would really work great if he would just get on board with it.It was easy to put together and perfect for the space we use it in . I wish I would have purchased this in the very beginning instead of at 3 months .
 we have a japanese platform bed and they are very low . i ordered original cosleeper originally . didnt really consider the height issue but it was backordered . i came across it and there was no reviews on it and description was very insufficient . i love the height and the color . mesh siding . it came with a mattress and the sheet but it is exteremly weak but i searched online and they are actually designed like that to prevent sids but still arms reach need to improve their mattress quality . anyways if you have a low height bed like ours , this system looks like it work perfectly - still didnt have the baby :-RRB- ohh also i have limited space and size is just perfect but i am planning to have the baby eventtually transfer to a crib in a separate room , i would say the maximum the baby could sleep in it for 6 months . i like that it was superrr easy to put together.it has a little case it came with , i will be saving it for other babies or if we go on vacation , it could be perfect portable crib . packaging was sooo old and worn out but the product was undamaged.Update
 We had a bassinet style bed for our baby at first and it was a lot of work to get out of bed to feed , check-on , or sooth the baby . With the co-sleeper we simply rolled over , but the baby still had its own space -LRB- and so did we -RRB- . We have a low , European style bed frame with no box spring and the mini-Euro was just the right height . I would n't use anything else those first few months ! I do wish fitted sheets were easier to find . I had to order them online .
 So happy with this product . Our son used it until he was 4 months old . It was wonderful to have him right beside be but not in the bed . I could easily touch him throughout the night and not having to get out of bed to feed was a life saver . He was very comfortable in it and this model fit our shorter bed perfectly .
 I purchased this for my second baby because I want to have her close to me at night without having to kick my husband out of bed . With my first baby I used a pack & play but it was big and took up a lot of space in the room . The co-sleeper is small enough to fit through doorways and hallways yet is sufficient to accommodate my baby 's needs for the first 6 months . If you have a really tall baby , she will most likely outgrow the length of the co-sleeper before 5 months old.The Euro style is shorter than the regular co-sleeper , and works perfectly for my bed , which just has the mattress and box , without the bed frame . My baby hangs out in her co-sleeper a lot , and sometimes I sit on the bedside while feeding her with a bottle , and it 's the perfect height . The little storage space beneath holds her burp cloths and small blankets , which makes for easy access . I like that the storage space is open so I do n't have to unzip anything to get to it.The mattress pad is waterproof , which is important for me . The bottom of the mattress pad has Velcros that secures the fitted sheet . And the mattress pad also has two Velcros that secures itself to the bed . Changing the sheet is a breeze.When I was putting it together , finding the latch that drops the rail down was a bit tricky . The latch is covered by the padding and is n't always lined up with the markers on the padding . When I tried to press down on the dots marked , nothing budged . I found out that if you lifted up the rail slightly then press , the latch will give easily . Putting the side of the co-sleeper down takes a little bit of work so I just keep it down most of the time , since my baby ca n't roll yet.Overall I think it 's a quality product and after 4 months of use it 's still practically brand new .
 It 's easy to assemble and does its job.The structure is a little flimsy . But right now for the price and having our newborn right next to us at night is awesome .
 I needed something to keep my two cats from snuggling in the crib and this is the perfect solution ! I 'm still pregnant with my first , so i ca n't tell you what it 's like with a baby yet but as of now i 'm very happy with this purchase . We set the co-sleeper right by the bed -LRB- not attached to the bed , you ca n't put the canopy on unless it 's freestanding -RRB- and it looks great , my hubby and I call it the taj mahal.Update
 I bought this bedding for Grandma 's house . I was looking for something a little different with muted colors to match the light honey wood of the room and I am very glad I found this set ! The colors are beautiful and subtle -LRB- good for a boy or a girl -RRB- and as for the quality and texture of the fabric
 Great canopy , for cold weather and warm , I put multiple blankets on top when is cold and NO freezing baby !!! Love it
 These locks are amazing . Do n't waste your time and money on the ones that you have to screw in ... I did , used two of them and started searching for alternatives . The other ones are very hard to install , require drilling , and put holes in your cabinets . These are the exact opposite - it took me about 5 minutes to install 4 and I already had the ` key ' from the other set so did n't need to purchase the key . These are worth the money . The other nice feature is that you can turn off the lock with a simple switch .
 I tried the childproof locks that you reach in and press down to undo . Very low tech . Unfortunately my cupboards are not flush and built close together so I could barely reach in to press the lever down . I pinched my fingers every time . Also , the my dog would yank on the cupboard so hard , he could disengage it . -LRB- 100lb smart black lab with a food issue -RRB- . Once I put these on , my issues were gone . I had to use the screws for extra security but neither the kids nor the dog have gotten back into the cupboard and it looks great . I just keep the key on the fridge . Just did the rest of the cupboards
 I love these locks , however , I did n't know until they arrived that the `` key '' is n't included in this set.Magnet Key and Holder by Kidco -LRB- contains 1 key and 1 key holder -RRB- You have to purchase it also in order for the locks to be engaged . Otherwise , for the quality these are the best , even if it could be more descriptive .
 Unlike other reviewers , I do not have children . I have cats . For those of you who do not have cat overlords , their entire life is spent entertaining themselves . And their favorite entertainment is their silly human servants . My three little angels started opening and closing my cabinets in the middle of the night . Other types of child proofing do not work on cats , but these do . And they work well .
 Works well as advertised and relatively easy to install . I had no problems with installation and my kids were not able to get into the cabinets . I recommend them !
 I wanted to childproof my cabinets without damaging the wood or showing on the outside of the cabinet . This lock does just that . It is also easy to install - I am not very good with drilling and normally have to wait for my husband to get around to installing something . I was able to mount this lock with the adhesive tape myself . I tried one and then I bought several more for the rest of my kitchen . It is a bit expensive so I would recommend trying one first to see if it is the right lock for you .
 So far so good . It would be nice if they were less bulky and could be mounted on all doors/drawers . They do come with screws and mounting tape . I use the tape to get the locks in place and then screw them in . There is no way that these would hold with just the mounting tape . It would be nice if there was an easy way to re-mount these in new location should one change their mind . IMO , the prices is too high !
 My husband refused to drill holes in the cabinets of our new house to install child proofing . This is a great set if you are in the same position or are renting and ca n't drill . I 've used both adhesive and the type with screws -LRB- at our previous residence -RRB- . The adhesive type work very well . I 'm surprised at how secure they are . I did buy a roll of adhesive tape at a local store , as I had some trouble installing and with the extra tape I could still install the set even after I ruined the adhesive that came with it . I highly recommend having some extra adhesive tape . Once you install it , it is very sturdy
 i had already purchased a set of these and needed more for my cabinets - they were cheaper to buy in bulk . I was satisfied with the performance .
 These are the greatest child locks I 've ever used . They are so simple to install and work wonderfully ! There are no screws to hassle with and nothing shows on the outside ! I tried the starter kit initially just to see if they were any good and they were so great I 've bought several more 4 packs . I would absolutely recommend these to everyone .
 These are fabulous ! We just moved into a new house and did n't want to screw into the brand new cabinets but these were just the solution we needed . Adhesive is really easy to apply and get on straight . My `` Hulk '' as we have nicknamed him is 18 months and ca n't get into the cabinets now . I would absolutely recommend these locks ! They even have a feature that you can leave them installed but not set up for `` lock '' when your little one is old enough ... and then they can be used to lock again if you should happen to have a next baby and need babyproofing again .
 no need for a long-winded review . We 've bought a few sets of these locks and absolutely love them . After having just finished a kitchen remodel , pre-baby , I was n't too excited about screwing holes in the new cabinets once we got to the child-proofing stage of parenthood . These locks install very quickly -LRB- I just installed 4 in < 10 minutes -RRB- and they seem secure -LRB- so far they 've kept out our very active 14mo old -RRB- . One of the best features is being able to esstentially turn the lock off so they do n't always have to be used -LRB- this is handy for the kitchen cabinets where you need frequent access while cooking -RRB- . Of course the screws will make the installation even stronger so if you 're paranoid then at least you have that option.to keep it short - if you 're looking for screw-less locks -LRB- or any child locks for that matter -RRB- get these .
 I 'm a rather new parent of 1 -LRB- 13 month old boy -RRB- and he 's been getting into everything . We moved the majority of items in such a way that what he can reach -LRB- pots , pans , etc -RRB- are safe enough for him to make a mess and explore with but our cleaning cabinets below the sink needed to be secured.These worked great -LRB- remember to purchase a key OR the starter set which comes with a key ! -RRB- as we had already purchased the starter pack and put those on other places.The ONLY things I 'd advise before purchase would be to 1 -RRB- BUY A KEY OR STARTER SET , we knew through research but plenty do n't and complain about it . Sorry about America 's Reading Comprehension issues sellers of the internet . 2 -RRB- 1 of our cabinets had little tiny thin nails near where we needed to place it . This caused interference with the magnet and the lock would n't automatically engage when closed . To remedy this , either manually lock it with the key every time -LRB- close the cabinet and put the magnet key to the lock , then slide down till it clicks closed -RRB- or move it away from there closed to the center of the door .
 I bought these to help keep my son who just started crawling out of specific kitchen drawers and cabinets . I thought that these were expensive compared to other latch products , but KidCo magnetic locks are very easy to install and do n't offer a large gap in between the cabinet and door where my son can crush his fingers . The only thing I do n't like about these types of locks is that when you are cooking , you have to constantly move the magnetic key from drawer to drawer to open them -LRB- unless you flip a switch on the latch to keep them unlocked -RRB- . This is a minor inconvenience though . You 'll need to use the included screws as I do n't think the double back tape is strong enough to keep the latch secured and locked . Also keep in mind that there are two types of lock sets that KidCo sells . One comes with two latches and a key -LRB- a magnet -RRB- . The other packages comes with 4 latches and NO key . Keep this in mind when ordering .
 I originally bought the Safety First Tot Locks and I was really disappointed with how much damage you have to do to your cabinet doors to install them . You drill a blind hole from the back side that comes within 1/8 inch of breaking out the front ! I returned those and got the Kidco locks . They are perfect . They install so easily and work wonderfully . One thing that makes them so effective is that they magnet has less work to do than the Tot Locks due to a counter-balance weight . I ran into a situation where one of my locks did n't work and it was due to a metal fastener in the cabinets . I just slid the lock over an inch and it was fine . Great , great product .
 I just love this locks !! I have a 1 year old and he opens ALL the cabinets . . we bought this magnet lock and they are SOO good !! Not that easy to put on because you really have to measure exactly each end so it fits perfect !
 great product . very easy to install . our cabinets are old and warped , so we needed to use the screws to firm up the cabinet part , but not the door part , which was perfect . we did all the bottom cabinets in our kitchen and bathroom in no time flat and its already holding up very well to our son 's prying fingers and yanking hands .
 Been using for a number of months now and these have successfully stopped out two-year-old from getting into things in the kitchen and bathroom .
 I am seriously in love with these locks . I have tried various locks in an effort to satisfy fostercare home lisencing to no avail . These did the trick , and I can see why ... they are not only childproof , but also adultproof.They are very , very easy to install , so I guess you could also say they are idiot-proof . My only negatives are that in my cupboards , I had to use the screws -LRB- included -RRB- to ensure adhesion since the catch was too large for the inside of the cabinet , but this was a minor inconvenience for me since I 'd already had other latches screwed in previously . The only other issue that I had was that I had to be careful not to screw the latch too tightly otherwise the hook would n't catch on it , but I just loosened the screws a little and it was fine.I was also able to use this lock on a draw , although it was fiddly and took a little more work to get it positioned correctly.Possibly my favorite feature of this lock is that you can turn it off , so if your first child is old enough to not need them , but you know you 'll need them for the next kid etc , you can leave them in place but flick a switch so the hook disengages . Genius !
 Simple to install and works perfectly . I would not purchase any other brand or type . Blows away competing products .
 These locks were exactly what we were looking for . An adhesive mount that wo n't fall apart after multiple uses . We 've had these installed for several months with no problem and have bought more for other rooms in the house . One tip - buy an extra `` key '' in case you accidentally lose one or lock it in a drawer/cabinet . We had no other magnets in the house strong enough to unlock our drawer and had to wait 'til a new key arrived in the mail . Otherwise very pleased with this product .
 Love these locks ! Strong adhesive mount -LRB- no drilling -RRB- and invisible ! It does n't get better than that .
 These were very easy to install . We used the `` sticky pads '' and no screws . We 've had no issues since installation.We tried some `` across the knobs '' styles of cabinet locks , but they were all a struggle for the adults.Yes , these are pricier than some solutions , but I did n't want to do contortions to drill holes in our new cabinets . We 're very happy with the decision .
 My 13 month old daughter has now figured out what cabinet has ` her stuff ' in it and would empty the cabinet in about 3.5 second multiple times per day . I bought these locks because we have a brand new kitchen that I REFUSED to put holes into . I got just the starter kit to see how we liked them . THIS WORKS WONDERFULLY !!! I installed them in about 5 minutes and today ... . no cabinets open !! YEAH !!! I just ordered an extra key and a 4 pack to continue toddler proofing my kitchen ! Now all I hear is the whining of my kiddo because she ca n't open the door !
 After trying about everything out there , we found that these are the best we 've tried . Also the most expensive . The magnet latch is great , becuse even tiny fingers ca n't get between the door and latch.Tip - They come with adhesive pads and screws . The adhesive is very strong , but as we 've found does n't last forever . Use the adhesive for positioning , test them a few times for alignment , and then screw them in . -LRB- Wo n't be screwed in to a visible spot in your cabinets . -RRB-
 These locks are the best . The magnet is powerful and installation is a breaze . I 've purchased several different child locks and have not been impressed .
 These magnet locks are wonderful . They stay put using adhesive , they are easy to install , they are easy to operate , and they keep the drawers and cabinets closed more than the latch type so little fingers do n't get pinched if they managed to pull the drawer or cabinet open a little . I am very happy with my purchase and plan to purchase more ! Just remember as other reviewers have noted that these are LOCKS ONLY and you still need a key or buy the starter set with 2 locks and a key .
 These are great . Easy to install and easy to use . The nice thing is that they are easy to remove when no longer needed .
 These locks are perfect for our entire house ! My 17 month old can not open the doors even a smidge and I love the adhesive to avoid screwing holes into my new cabinets .
 Amaze your friends and keep your kids safe . My friend came over with his family for a visit and I wowed him with how well it works and the magnet key . Use the included screws in addition to the adhesive to keep it attached though -LRB- drill pilot holes or you will ruin your cabinets -RRB- . Some people may think something is stuck in a drawer and rip the adhesive off should they be unaware that you have this system in place . Other than that this product is amazing !
 We bought these magnetic locks because we did n't want to be bothered with drilling all those tiny holes for the standard bend-down latches . For that purpose , these latches are perfect - they really are THAT easy to install . Just peel & stick . And if you prefer -LRB- or need ! -RRB- the extra strength , the kit comes with screws.We bought our latches four years ago for the cabinet where we keep garbage , so it gets opened and closed many times a day . We used them constantly for about 3 years , then just left them in place -LRB- so easy - slide the little button and the latch disengages -RRB- when Kid One was old enough not to need them . Now that Kid Two is getting around , we slid the button back down and the latches are working as well as ever . They 're still stuck on with only the adhesive tape - we never used the screws.The magnetic key is quite easy to use . We kept it sitting on our metal sink , right above the cabinet where we used it . Handily enough , it will also stick right on the cabinet for times when you 're right there and opening the cabinet frequently . The plastic cover of the key did eventually crack and detach from the magnet . The magnet itself still worked as a key , but was harder to use without the cover/handle . Also , any strong magnet will open these latches , so you 're not SOL if you lose yours . Which is handy because Kid One went through a phase where he thought it was fun to hide the key ... My only real gripe with these latches is that you do have to have a magnet to open them . It can be a real pain when I have a handful of messy trash to find , pick up and use the magnet in order to open the cabinet . But hey , that 's childproofing , right ?
 hopefully , other buyers will be smarter than i was and read the reviews closely to know they must purchase a key separately to open the four locks that come in this package . however , it would be helpful if the main product description clearly stated that the key required to open the locks is a separate purchase .
 I read the reviews and figured I 'd try these out . After putting them all on properly so that they were lined up and stuck to the cabinet doors , two out of four do n't work.The little `` arm '' on the bigger piece that goes on the door is supposed to `` fall '' upwards , latching onto the smaller piece attached to the inside of the cabinet . On two of these parts , the arm did n't go up . They can lock in place , but the lock was NOT on , which would mimic the problem . In one of these two , slamming the cabinet door repeatedly would knock the arm into place , but there 's no reason for having to do that . It 's a pretty poor product where 50 % of the units do n't work properly . I 'll be emailing Amazon to see if I can return just the two non-working ones or calling KidCo and seeing what happens.On a different note , though , I also did not need the key . I have pretty strong magnets on my refrigerator , and they serve the purpose well -LRB- for the two that DO work -RRB- . If you have strong ones , save yourself a few bucks . Or better yet , find a product that actually works the way it 's supposed to.UPDATE
 This product works great . I have tried other cabinet locks and this is by far the best . Yes , they are a little expensive but my childs safety is well worth it . The are adhesive if you do n't want to drill , but again , this is for safety so mine are drilled . The holes are inside the cabinet door anyway , no big deal . the item desription clearly stated that this set did not come with a key .
 My cat was starting to get curious for what was in my cabinets -LRB- trash , cleaning supplies , etc -RRB- . Having previously used baby-proofing items for cat-proofing , I looked these up and thought they looked good . So far , so good . Because of the design , you cat would have to be extremely strong or have magnetic paws to open them -LRB- or I guess he could take the key in his mouth to open it , but that 's also unlikely -RRB- . I 'll update this if I change my mind , but they really seem great . In addition , I 'm in an apartment , so drilling holes was n't an option . And they 're a snap to install!Through buying this and one key , I realized a few things I did n't see in any of the Amazon pages .1 . The latch moves up and down . Normally , it stays up , keeping latched with the other side . However , if you place the magnetic key -LRB- or any other sufficiently strong magnet -RRB- near it -LRB- through the cabinet -RRB- , the latch `` disengages '' and goes down . With the key there , you just pull it and it comes open effortlessly . Closing requires nothing special . I figured it worked , but beforehand , I really had no idea exactly how it worked , so there you go .2 . You do n't have to mount the key on the other side of the door -LRB- as seen in all the pictures -RRB- . You can stick the magnet in the included adhesive mount or stick it to any magnetic surface , like a refrigerator . You can use one key for as many of these locks as you want . Whatever 's convenient . Note that , as others have said , no keys are included in this package . You 'll need to buy those separately , but this is basically useless without at least one , so I thought this part to be relevant to this review .3 . There 's a switch on the latch , difficult to hit accidentally but easy if you know about it , that unlocks it . If you slide this switch to the locked -LRB- locked to unlock , dumb , I know , but that 's how it 's labeled -RRB- position , it wo n't lock , but that can be convenient if you want to open and close it several times without using the key , like when taking out the trash or something . It wo n't automatically go back to normal , so you 'll have to remember to put it back , but it 's a nice feature .
 We have been using the standard child locks throughout our house but we had a few drawers where the countertop overhung too much and we could n't get our fingers in between to unlock the drawer . These magnet locks work perfectly . I would like to put these throughout the house if they were cheaper . They work really well but its a good idea to order some extra magnet keys . My wife keeps losing them throughout our house and we get locked out of our drawers !
 I installed these locks on my bottom kitchen & bathroom cabinets . They are very easy to install and operate . They keep the little ones out . I have two year old twins .
 We love that these locks do not require any drilling , so there is no damage the cabinets . However it was quite pricey to buy these locks for all of our cabinets . Also , its a little bit of a hassle to grab the key to unlock a cabinet when you open it .
 These are great . We used them in the house we rented so we would n't damage the wood cabinets in the house and when we bought our own house we once again used them because our 62 year old cabinets really do n't accommodate the other kind . These also help keep our cabinets closed as some of the original catches are n't fully functional anymore . We did have a house guest break one once though by insisting the cabinet open regardless of how much it did n't want to open . Also , these only work face up and they do n't fit shallower drawers so they wo n't work on everything but they are still great .
 Great product . Very easy to install and extremely effective at keeping curious hands out of mischief .
 these locks are easy to install and even easier to use . they are fool-proof and do n't permit cabinets or drawers to open far enough for any pinched fingers . they also preserve the beauty of your cabinets .
 We have purchased several types of locks and all were very difficult to install , but these were extremely easy and work very well . When we were installing them , one did n't work . We called the company and they sent us a replacement immediately . I would definitely recommend this product to everyone .
 But really is n't . During the day I use the magnet , and in the evening I flick the back of the magnet to `` turn it off '' and reset it before I go to bed . I do n't do it on all of the cabinets , only as I get into each one . Great !! Only adhesives ... not screws !!!
 These have stayed and worked the best out of all the other types out there , but still not the easiest to install . Have to get the placement just right . Ended up removing half of them and doing them again which meant I ad to either screw them in , or glue them since adhesive was ruined . Now that theyre in place though they 've been great !
 We have these all over our house . We do not want to put screws in our new cabinets , so we use the tape option . Our 16 month son is strong enough that he can pull them off the cupboards , but we just put them up with more double sided tape . He is learning that when they are locked we do not want him in the cabinet and he is doing well now .
 What the previous reviewer did n't realize is that there are 2 different packaging options for this item . The first option is a pack that contains 1 key and 2 locks for people who want to try it out and the second option is to buy the pack that contains 4 locks but no key for those who already bought the starter kit and happened to like the product . So make sure you really read the description of what you 're getting if you 're buying online . -LRB- This one happens do be the 4 locks with no key so you might want to try the starter kit first ... I actually rec . it because UNFORTUNATELY the lock does n't work with all situations because of draw designs -RRB- Then on top of that Kidco also sells the key seperately with no locks for those who have the product , love it , and happened to misplace or lose their key OR want to purchase an additional incase they ever lose the 1st key . I will admit that I think it 's pretty lame for a company to try to squeeze every penny out of you especially when it probaby only costs 5 cents to make the darn key and especially when you 're dealing with child safety products . As far as how well the product works ... I LOVE IT and wish it had worked out better with all my draw situations ! It 's especially great for those cabinet doors that stand alone and do n't have another door next to it where you can just buy one of those wrap around door knob locks that require 2 knobs to be side by side . I did n't have as great of luck with my kitchen draws because the draw panel is added on to the actual draw so it is n't flush with where you put the catch . I put 5 stars to bring the rating up because the last reviewer only gave one and it 's actually a great product . I know it will outsmart my baby far beyond any cheaper options out there . I installed them with the adhesive tape that comes with it but I plan on reattaching it with the screws also included because I personally feel that the screws will do a better job AND because I love my child more than my freaking cabinet doors for all those worried about messing up your precious wood cabinets ... I mean give me a break ... the holes are so small anyway and it 's totally concealed , only you will know it 's there . ALSO , this locks so tight that little fingers/hands ca n't reach inside small openings -LRB- which usually occures with the other types of locks -RRB- and pull stuff out . And also there 's an option to turn the lock off for in between kids . DEFINITELY CONSIDER THIS PRODUCT !!!!!
 I just installed about a dozen of these , and it was very simple . I 'm an engineer and product designer myself , and I was pretty impressed with this design . I 'm actually here buying more.Great stuff about this design : - Installation tabs make it easy to align and stick the catch to the cabinet , and then you peel the adhesive backing and hook the latch on , close the door , and the latch is positioned perfectly . Then you break off the installation tabs , and you 're done . If you want more security , you can then screw them in , but no need to mess with templates or anything because they are already stuck on . - Any reasonably strong magnet of the right polarity will work as a key . - The disengage switch . Very handy.The system is pretty foolproof on basic cabinets . It works great for cabinet doors that lay on top of the cabinet . I did put them on a pair of recessed doors , which would have been really difficult if I could n't have installed them on the inside by opening one of the door pair . Also , they are pretty tall and will not work in shallow drawers . I also have a sideboard with drawers above doors , so there is no surface at the top of the door to mount the catch on . I put the catch on one of the shelves instead , so the latch was in the middle of the door edge . Worked fine , if a bit inelegant . It would be nice if you could use these sideways in that kind of situation , but they are gravity-based . The adhesive is strong , but I would recommend screwing in just the catch that mounts to the cabinet . It would be nearly impossible to pull the adhesive straight off the latch side , but the catch adhesive is sideways to the pull , so it does n't take as much force to fail . You do n't really have to pre-drill , but it does make the screwing easier . If the adhesive is on something that is n't smooth -LRB- I had a set of cabinets with rough plywood inside -RRB- , screws are absolutely needed on both.Also , as far as keys go
 These locks not only work very well , but I was able to install them in under 5 minutes with the enclosed screws . You do n't have to use the screws as the adhesive seemed to hold well , but who knows what will happen over time . I originally ordered the tot-lok magnetic locks , but they were very difficult to install , especially in tight places .
 The Kidco magnetic locks are the best . Really , any of the babyproofing products by Kidco are far superior to other brands . These locks are incredibly easy to install , I did our whole kitchen -LRB- about 12 cabinets -RRB- in about 30 minutes . They do n't require you to drill into the cabinet , and they also do n't show on the outside . They also have a deactivation mechanism if you are working in the kitchen and going in and out of the cabinets a lot.We ended up purchasing some extra magnetic keys -LRB- you can find them in stores , not always available on Amazon.com -RRB- because we often misplace them , but you can put them on the fridge which seems to work well .
 While I do agree that the labeling could be better , I wanted to give this product 5 stars . Super easy and fast to install and they work great . I am actually getting ready to order some more of them for our bathroom !
 We have been housesitting for a couple who installed these locks for us . They are wonderful ! The doors to the cabinets stay tightly shut -LRB- almost sealed -RRB- so there are no mashed fingers and no frustrations from being able to see just far enough inside to provoke more curiosity . They are easy to open when you want to release the magnet . We 're getting ready to go back to our own home and I 'm going to order a slew of them .
 The only downside to these locks is the price -LRB- Amazon has the best price that I have seen -RRB- and it would be nice if these could be installed horizontally . We tried to install one horizontally and they will not work in that position . We have a newly built home and did n't want to scratch up the drawers and cabinets with external child proofing gadgets . We tried the Safety 1st magnetic locks and drilled right through one of the doors even though we followed the directions and the cabinet doors met the specifications . These work whether you 're using the adhesive or the screws . I did n't think the adhesive would really work . We tried it on our pantry cabinets and it 's been months and it 's still holding , even with a toddler pulling and shaking it trying to open it almost daily . As we can afford it , we purchase another package or two and continue to child proof the remaining cabinets in the kitchen and bathroom . These are awesome !! Another great feature is that when you 're finished needing them there 's a switch on each lock that keeps it in the unlock position . That way you do n't have to undo the childproofing or use the key all the time when your children are grown . You can simply unlock all of them and get into the cabinets and drawers like the child proofing is n't there . If you purchase these locks , you wo n't be sorry .
 I installed the locks last week and they are fantastic . I did not have to use the screws , just the sticky tabs . I chose the locks because they keep the cabinets completely closed . Our baby can not get his fingers inbetween the cabinet -LRB- so no pinched fingers -RRB- . I also like that the locks can be unlocked . So , once our baby is old enough to know better , we can unlock then until our next baby needs them.I am not sure why other reviewers said that they were hard to install . The directions are a little confusing , at first . It did n't take long to figure them out . I had to install 18 locks and it took me less than an hour.Excellent product . I am glad I spent the money on these . I recommend them to anyone .
 We have had these locks now for almost 2 years and the adhesive is still going strong ! Before we moved into our new house -LRB- 2 years ago -RRB- we had the Tot Lock magnet locks and boy what a time my hubby had installing them and they left a huge hole in my cabinets . I knew when we moved to our new house I wanted the magnets again but , did n't want to deal with drilling holes my cabinets.After doing some research I found these from kidco and what an awesome product !!! I am now buying more since our newest addition will be crawling soon and I want all my doors locked . The only time the adhesive was an issue was when I was having tile put in the kitchen and my contractor , with much force , ripped open the door . He did n't know I had the locks on he just thought the door was stuck . Even then he had to use quiet a bit of force to get the door open . I had no damage to my door and I just reapplied the adhesive and all has been fine - that was over a year ago . I am also not very handy and I installed these in my kitchen and in my bathroom much to my husband surprise :-RRB- since he had such a hard time installing the other brand .
 I have bought multiple types to secure the cabinets and these are by far superior . I bought the Safety 1st , which were going to be challenging to install and required a lot of time ; which I did not have , so I never installed the silly things . I am impressed at the strength of staying power without being mounted/secured by screws ! Now I tend to forget they are installed , so I end of giving them a sudden strong pull and then remember to grab the magnetic key . I would recommend ensuring you have either 1 - purchase several keys , or 2-buy some easy to grip magnets to keep several in the kitchen just to keep it quick and easy to get into the cabinets . Luckily for me , I have the two magnetic keys from the Safety 1st products .
 These work great for my 11 month old who used to constantly try to get into my cabinets . I did not put in the optional screws -LRB- that 's why I invested in magnetic , self-adhesive locks to begin with -RRB- and so far they stick on great ! No complaints here.Installation was very easy - just follow the instructions !
 I fist saw these locks at my son 's daycare . They are amazing and I love that they do n't require screws , which would mess up my cabinets . These are really easy to install and my 21 month old son can pull to his heart 's delight and they do n't come open . My husband , however , has managed to pull it open and broke one of the locks , but he had to pull pretty hard to do it . You definitely need extra keys because there is nothing more frustrating than searching for a key to open your locks , hence the broken one by my husband . My only problem with these is that they do n't work well on drawers , as the drawers have a lip on them and they ca n't be installed . They work wonderfully for cabinets though . I highly recommend them ! I think that they would also work well for a cabinet , such as a medicine cabinet , that you do n't want babysitters and other people to get in to . For that kind of use , I would definitely use the screws to install .
 My 14 month old just discovered the joy of opening all of our kitchen cabinets , so off I went on the quest to find the perfect cabinet locks . My search ended with these . They were incredibly easy to install , totally discreet , and they magnetic key is really cool -LRB- remember , the key is sold separately from this set -RRB- . I just came here to purchase another set .
 I really like this lock . If you let the adhesive set like they said it works great . The only thing I noticed is that if you mount it by mistake then the adhesive is really hard to remove and it 's practically useless . My 15 month old gave up on the cabinets -LRB- which is great -RRB- . Please take in consideration that the lock set DOES NOT INCLUDE THE KEY . I would recommend this product!Thanks !
 This product installed fairly easily , and though it is annoying to have to grab a magnet every time I want to open a cabinet , they work really well . The problem to be aware of
 As a first time mom , I make it a point to research all baby products -LRB- especially safety-related -RRB- and read all the reviews thoroughly . After reading everything , I thought this was the best product for our cabinets and they work wonderfully ! We love them ! The adhesive works fine , we 've had ours installed for several months and no problem , even with the baby yanking on the doors . With other cabinet locks we were looking at , he would be able to get his fingers stuck in between the door , but not with these . They hold fast . My husband installed them in minutes with no problem at all ! Super easy to use and once you get in the habit of reaching for the key before you open the door-isn ' t cumbersome at all . I highly recommend these to all my friends with kids . I started with just the starter kit to make sure they worked and then when bought a whole bunch more to finish the kitchen and do the bathroom cabinets as well .
 This works really well , although several of the locks I bought in the past that get high traffic the glue will not hold over time and I needed to screw it in to the cabinet . I would say 30 % needed to be fastened with more then the glue pad .
 We purchased these about 6 months ago , and 90 % of them are still effective . Unfortunately 2 of them -LRB- I purchased several -RRB- do n't work allowing my little monster to access the uncharted depths of the cabinet.What happened is the adhesive on the ` top ' of the cabinet , the part that attaches the anchor for the latch , came off . This was primarily because of family visiting for the holidays not knowing how the system works , and pulling on the doors with more strength than my child . -LRB- Because why would cabinets at floor level in a home with an 8 month old not open ??? ... * sigh * In-laws -RRB- The reason this is a design flaw and not just human error -LRB- although there is some of that -RRB- , is because the adhesive runs the ` depth ' way along the anchor , and the lip of the cabinet it attaches too is not very deep , causing only about 1/3rd to 1/2 of the adhesive to actually stick . This should have run perpendicular to the latch allowing for more adhesive to ... adhere.I feel it necessary to state that to resolve this , I could have thought ahead and manually set the locks to stay open prior to my family 's arrival and just kept the kid out of the kitchen . However I am giving minus one star because the adhesive should still run the correct way.I still like these better than other child locks I 've seen - and will purchase more to replace the ones that did n't survive the holiday . I would advise you have a few spares on hand , and make sure everyone who is getting into the cabinets know how to open them . They are not as intuitive as other locks , but they ARE effective vs small children , not so much vs In-laws . Extremely easy to install . Easy to open with the magnet key . Versatile in that it can be locked open with a switch for times when the cabinets will be heavily used without children around.If I could , I would give this 4.5 stars .
 We are using these locks for our cabinets and are very happy with them . Our son can not pull the cabinet doors open as he could with the traditional locks in which the adult would depress the plastic hook to release the lock . The latter allowed for fingers getting trapped . The magnetic locks have far less allowance . The magnet key is easy to use . It 's a little inconvenient to keep one handy at all locations . I can not comment on installation since my husband took care of it . He 's very handy and seemed to knock these out very quickly .
 My child easily started defeating my other locks -LRB- that you push down to unlatch -RRB- at 16 months . He reaches his arm in there and undoes the lock ... so I am switching to these . These are very nice except when installation does n't go well . These must be installed almost exactly correct for them to work right . A little too high or too low and there could be problems . They are not easily adjustable and can be very frustrating if not installed exactly correct -LRB- wo n't latch right , wo n't close right , wo n't open right , etc. -RRB- . The company should give more consideration to be able to make small adjustments when installing . That is my main `` complaint '' and thus I 'm not rating it 5 stars . Oh , also these are rather expensive but I suppose they are worth it considering that my other locks were more of a waste because they had to be replaced when they were defeated .
 I bought these locks to keep my toddler from getting into all my bathroom cabinets . I am horrible at installing anything so my priority was finding something easy to install and easy to use that would not involve drilling holes in my cabinets . The adhesive on these works really well and they were a breeze to install . I did 4 cabinets in less than 5 minutes . I highly recommend these for baby proofing!Do make sure you buy the key as it is sold separately .
 I have had these installed for over a year now , and I am still happy with the purchase . The installation is a tad tricky to get the piece inside the door to line up with the corresponding latch on the door -- take your time . Also if you install them too close to your cabinet door hardware , the lock may not disengage when you hold the magnet up to the door . Over the long term , installing them with screws was much more effective than the adhesive , but the adhesive can be helpful initially to make sure you have it installed properly.I tried a number of cabinet locks before finding these . I thought most were plastic junk . These are more expensive , but they have done the job nicely and they do n't alter the appearance of the cabinets .
 The description of this product is poorly written . It should make it VERY clear that you have to order a key with this product . After I got the product and realized this , I went back to look at why I was so stupid . It is not obvious you need to order the key separately , until you read the review , which is far down the page .
 Overall the locks work great , The standard `` open door slightly and push button to release '' locks were problematics for drawers . Kids fingers got caught up in the drawer when it was opened slightly . The install on cabinet doors is easy and straight forward . Note that the lock is large in size so may block some accessDrawers presented a challenge : - The drawer front panel -LRB- face -RRB- is larger than the drawer frame and due to size of the lock , we needed to create an extension to the drawer frame so the lock will be installed on an even surface . A simple board 3/4 '' thick did the trick - Now when the lock was on the drawer , it was recessed 3/4 '' of where it needed to be -LRB- relating to the cabinet frame -RRB- , another board was needed for the cabinet frame -LRB- behind the cabinet face separation between the drawers -RRB- - All boards are installed internally so nothing was visible to the outside , the hinge was connected to the second board and the lock works great . No issue with cabinet face of 3/4 '' and the flush panel of another 3/4 '' the magnet was working great through the 1.5 '' - Make sure the screws connecting the flush board are not between the lock and the magnet as it disables the magnetic field -LRB- not sure why -RRB- PROS : - `` Simple '' to install -LRB- cabinet doors -RRB- - Child safe , no slight opening so no risk of fingers being caught - Strong -LRB- for now -RRB- - Override lock is a great featureCONS : - Large in size creating a difficult install on drawers - Does not work when rotated 90 degrees - The magnetic key disappears - have a few readily available - No one hand operations - you will find your day to day routine changing because you need to hold the magnet with one hand and open with the otherADDITIONAL INSTALL TIPS : - To get the perfect alignment * Install the base -LRB- cabinet side -RRB- first * Press the override switch -LRB- so it does n't lock -RRB- * Slide the lock onto the base and remove the protective layer from adhesive * Close door - the adhesive will catch the lock and since it 's on override , will pull it with it * Strengthen the adhesive on both sides - If the lock does n't always lock : * Option 1 - remove the base and position it 1/16 '' forward * Option 2 - remove adhesive , place a thin separator -LRB- 1/16 '' deep -RRB- between the lock and the door , use the screwdrivers to placeGood luck !
 These are great products to make your kitchen and bathroom cabinet kid friendly and clean looking . You will no longer have to stare at kid locks again . Heres my summary of the product + Clean look and feel ! + No more visible kid locks + No Drilling holes unless you want to ! - Sometimes the plastic end of the magnet falls off . I have gone through three magnet now.Overall I love these and have them in all rooms of my house and I am really happy with the solution .
 Easy installation , keeps my daughter -LRB- as well as some adults -RRB- out of my cabinets . Adhesive backing held until I was forced to remove them .
 Other than there 's not more unlocking magnets , this product is great ! Easy to install and easy for parents to get into . We love these !
 This magnetic safety locks works on our cabinets where others do not . it 's because our cabinets were custom made and so do not ` fit ' the ` standard ' push-and-open latches . I 'm going to order more of them .
 -LRB- by the way , this is David 's wife , I do n't know why my account is showing with his name -RRB- My third child gets into everything ! Sure , the rest of you out there can brag that you teach your child No , but my little guy is too curious and loves to frustrate me . These locks are perfect ! He ca n't reach his fingers in , and I can install them myself !!! -LRB- which is huge since my husband has a lot on his plate right now and the other kind of locks are a pain to install -RRB- A super nice feature is that you can put them into an unlock position when the kids are older ... I suggested these to my mom since she watches one of her grandsons three times a week . She can have them in lock position when he 's there and unlock position the rest of the week.The adhesive works really well . I had no need to use nails to reinforce . I made sure I let them set 24 hours before messing with them . While they were setting for the first 24 hours , I put them in unlock position incase my husband forgot they were there and yanked the door open.I just put the key on the refrigerator . My 7 year old can reach it just fine while my 18-month-old can not . This has been the perfect solution for my family !
 This lock is the best ! There is no way the kids can get into it . It does n't even leave enough room to pinch fingers , like others do . Be sure to buy the key , as it comes separately . I use them in my kitchen and my bathrooms , and have been thrilled . I did use the adhesive to stick them on , then added the screws for extra security . I plan to have these through many kids , and feel confident they will hold . I highly recommend this product .
 These locks are great and require no drilling . I had previously bought tot locks , but they require drilling to install and are a pain . These just stick on , but they stay in place and make it so children cannont open the cabinet doors . They also come with screws if you would rather attach them that way . I have them on all my bottom cabinets in the kitchen and bath and are definately worth the money .
 The design of the magnet lock for cabinets and drawers is excellent . They work very well and are easy to install . My only complaint is that they are expensive . Welcome to babyland I guess . End up costing about $ 5.00 each . But they do work very well , do n't require permanant screw holes in your wood , and are invisible when they are installed .
 I started looking at a variety of keys and locks etc to keep little hands from mischief . This was our first choice and we love them . To help advise initial buyers , instead of buying the `` starter kit '' you can get for $ 16 , buy this product of 4 plus the separate key -LRB- you really only need one key -RRB- and this route saves some extra dollars . With the starter kit you get one key and two locks whereas with this option -LRB- the 4 lock set -RRB- you get 4 locks . But like I said , do n't forget to purchase the key separately .
 We only installed 1 set under the sink . It has worked well . My 2 year old has tried to pull the doors open but it stayed locked .
 These work well , but should come with extra adhesive . If you are off by just a little bit , you have wasted the part , until you get more double sided tape .
 Great to not have to screw into cabinets . A good yank can pull off the adhesive , but there would be warning for something like that -LRB- takes a lot of force -RRB- . Having to get the magnet every time to open a cabinet is tough , but better than having to screw in tons of cabinet locks . And worth it for baby safety .
 I have been using these latex pacifiers with all my kids since 2005 . The stopped selling in stores around here in 2007 & was so happy to find these for my new baby . They are a life saver ... even if they cost alot . Thanks !
 this stroller is the BEST 250.00 that i have spent in a long time !! we live in texas and were using a regular double stroller to walk the dog with our 2 daughters -LRB- aged 16 mo 's and 3 -RRB- around a one mile loop in our neighborhood . depending on weather and moods sometimes we 'd do 3 laps . it was such a CHORE pushing that old stroller up and down our neighborhood hills . plus , i can actually JOG or even RUN !!! i ca n't tell who loves it more , me , the dog , or my girls . it 's light , easy to steer , worth EVERY penny . plus , i love the fold out visors for shade for the girls . oh , and it was incredibly easy to put together .
 No , but really , pun intended . It is so much easier than trying to shake out the diaper -LRB- especially when out and about -RRB- ... when dirty just plop this the liner in the toilet and go ! I found it made diaper changing so much easier , and dare I say cleaner ? I do not recommend using overnight , however , but great during the day ! I could even get a couple uses -LRB- when applicable -RRB- , goes through the wash just fine !
 I have been using these for a couple years , through two kids in cloth diapers . They work great . One big plus is that the unsoiled ones can be washed several times without falling apart , so I only need a package of these every 4-6 months . My only objection is that they might contribute to diaper rash when worn overnight , but I think that would be true of any liner , so I just do n't put one in overnight and take my chances .
 We LOVE these liners . We 've tried many different brands , but always come back to these because they are cheap , reusable -LRB- a must in our house -RRB- , and easy to use . Are they rough ? We 've never had a problem with rash , and they get soft the minute they are peed on because they are wet . Do they bunch ? Sure , but everything bunches when a baby is active and running around . These keep the poop in one plopable package , and they survive at least five washings on the heavy duty setting.They may not be perfect , but what is in life ? They are diaper liners , people . They do the job . Highly recommend !
 I have tried several different brands of liners , and these are by far my favorite . I 'm still using the infant size with my toddler -LRB- in red-edged GMD prefolds size M-L covers -RRB- , and might not ever go up a size . These are softer than some of the others , a good size , and they hold up well , too . As some other reviewers have suggested , I started washing the non-poo liners with my diapers . Some of them come apart -LRB- I find them in 2-4 '' wide strips , usually , or sometimes with holes/tears in them -RRB- in the wash , but honestly , it 's probably because I do n't pay much attention to how many times they 've been washed . If they 're in one piece when I pull them out of the dryer -LRB- usually stuck to the insides of my covers -RRB- , then they go back into the pile for use . The pieces/torn ones just go in the trash with my dryer lint . I use a liner in every diaper change with my 22 month-old , and I am going about 4-5 months between purchasing the 200-ct . packages . I 've never had any trouble with flushing , and as long as your diaper is not too loose , they really make clean-up a breeze . I just take the whole diaper , cover and all , and dump the liner with the poo into the toilet . If it was a particularly wet one , I might have to use some TP to wipe the edges of the diaper or cover to remove any solid pieces . Then I deposit the diaper/cover in the pail and wash with the rest . I do find that the liners will shift if the cover is n't snapped tight enough -LRB- like when Daddy changes him , lol -RRB- , but that 's with all liners , and even the diaper itself , if it is n't snappied.I wash 2x in Charlie 's Soap , which is cheapest at Amazon , and I use some Oxiclean every couple of washes , and bleach about once a month . This keeps the funk out , and does n't seem to harm the liners , but is n't very good for your covers , so if I can think of it , I separate the covers for that wash . Hope that helps some people . I love Cloth Diapering !!
 I have tried 3 different brands of liners and these are by far my favorite . My munchkin has super sensitive skin and she has never had problems with these . They are especially good for using when she has a bad case of diaper rash . I paint her with cream , put on a liner and it helps keep the cream on her skin and off my cloth diapers . They are n't as soft as other brands , but I find they hold up better ... even through washes . The baby size is really all you need ... they 're mors than big enough .
 these liners are amazing . we extend the life of the pack by washing and reusing the peed-on-only ones and flushing the poopy ones . in rewashed ones hold up really well through a few washings and work just as brilliantly as the first time . we do put them in the wash inside a mesh bag with our cloth diapers so they are n't as much as a hassle of pick out .
 at first i thought these liners were too big because they stick out of the sides of the diaper but the generous sizing prevents the solid waste from getting on the sides of the diaper . they 're a little hard but my daughter does n't seem to mind .
 These work well for me as diaper liners and are the best price I can find . They are a good size and are durable & do n't irritate my son 's bottom .
 These are great . I use them to avoid scraping poo off diapers or using a sprayer . Usually , I simply fold up the liner after a BM and flush it . These are far sturdier and softer than MIO liners . When your child pees , you can throw the liners in the wash with the diapers and reuse them . They do n't shrink in the dryer , and they last for 2-4 washes before deteriorating . I have used these since my daughters ' BM became semi solid . She 's 27 months , 24 lbs , and the baby size fits her best .
 These liners are awesome . They 're a great value and they do the job well . Easy to use , and they do flush well -LRB- we even have a clog prone toilet -RRB- .
 The first time I bought these liners I got them for $ 12.75 -LRB- from Boppity Bop -RRB- . I was confused when I searched again and could only find them from this shopfront -LRB- Apple Green Baby -RRB- for $ 15.95 . Now , AFTER I ordered the more expensive ones , the $ 12.75 ones are showing up again . Be sure to do your comparison shopping . I 'm annoyed to pay $ 3 more for the exact same item -LRB- both were Prime shipping and everything -RRB- . Be sure to check for the Boppity Bop deal ! -LRB- I guess it comes & goes -RRB- But as for the product , I like them a lot , they work well esp on the more solid poopies -LRB- nothing works great when the poo goes liquid , as my breastfed baby 's sometimes does when he 's not eating enough bananas ! -RRB- . We wash and reuse the pee ones several times . When poos are solid , we drop them in the toilet and throw the liner in the trash can , to keep the plumbing from clogging up . Also it works well to leave the ones you are flushing in the water for a few hours -LRB- just flush 'em next time you go -RRB- , so they can break down a bit . These are n't as soft as the Bummis , but I think they hold their shape better in the diaper .
 While I mistakenly bought the wrong size for my toddler , these liners make cloth diapering so much simpler . I love that I can do what 's better for my child & the earth yet make it more convenient to clean up . I recommend these to all my CD-ing mom friends !
 I 'm glad we have these but sometimes we forget cause she only poops once a day , if that . So if you put them in every diaper it can be somewhat wasteful . Though we do wash ours once and reuse them . But for the soiled cloth diapers they can be handy . I think once she 's older and into more solids it will be better .
 We got these liners for my daughter 's cloth diapers . They make clean up super easy , and also help to keep her diaper cream off the diapers . They are rather large -LRB- and sometimes stick out the sides of her diaper -RRB- , but that just means it gives you great coverage . They also seem a little stiff , but she does n't seem to mind . We wash the `` pee only '' ones , and once washed , they are a little softer .
 I have the regular size liners , which come in a pack of 200 . They do feel a little scratchy , but my little guy has n't noticed , nor gotten a rash or anything . They work great to dump off the solid poop , and I never need to rinse my diaper . They also hold up in the wash one or two times -LRB- which I do if he just urinates -RRB- . I do not flush them , since we have a septic system and I figure if they can go through the wash and dryer once or twice , I do n't want them sitting in our septic and causing a problem . To be honest , I cut them in half ... so my 200 pack actually makes FOUR HUNDRED liners ! Ca n't beat that !
 We use these as poop catchers at daycare . They are nicely sized , and will hold up to 2-3 washes if no pooping occurs . My little one only attends daycare 2-3 days a week , so our first package lasted us about 7 months . They are well worth a little bit higher price . The only drawback is that they are not as soft as some of the other brands , but they caused no irritation on the bum .
 I love these liners ! If your baby only pees on them then you can wash and dry them a few times so you are not wasting them ! I prefer to use these with my diapers so I do n't have to pick out pieces of corn from my washer , lol . Make sure that you get the right size though , I really needed to get the toddler size , but am lucky that my friend is pregnant and is planning on clothing her twins . I will just gift these : -RRB-
 These liners are great for cloth diapers . You can put the waste right into the toilet and flush it . Good product for the price .
 This product is a great and cheap compromise between biodegradeable diaper inserts and just straight cloth inserts . I use it with the Gdiapers cloth inserts . It catches almost all of the mess , a little gets around it when my son moves enough to cause the diaper to bunch up a bit .
 We 've been pretty happy with these they are the perfect size for our many different cloth diapers . Great price great product
 Great product for the price . A real saver when it comes to diaper laundry . Not as soft as some other brands , but still great .
 We started using these when our little one starts solid food . We have tried multiple brands and this one is by far the most durable . While it might not be as soft as the other brands , it is wider and holds up better . Some of the really soft ones tend to crumble up inside the diaper , which makes catching solid waste almost impossible . These liners are wide enough yet soft to the touch for a baby 's bum.Similar to other reviewers , we re-uses the liners if it was just a pee change . These washes very well in the washing machine . We can usually get 3 uses out of each sheet.These liners make cloth diapering much easier ... every now and then we 'll have to spray clean the diapers but these liners catch 90 % of the solid waste .
 We chose the Imse Vimse liners because the price is great , and we saw the large number of reviewers that are able to reuse them . We use gDiapers with cloth inserts , and these have worked really well . Since the gDiaper liner can be rinsed when only urinated on , I just drop the cloth insert into the diaper pail , and then rinse the waterproof liner with the Imse Vimse liner and lay them both out to dry . By doing this , I have used each liner up to three or four times ! The few times that I 've dropped the liner into the wash , it has n't worked out well , but we have a very low-tech , basic model machine , and perhaps a nicer version would make a difference ? I do wish that they were just a bit more square for a better fit , but it 's not a big deal , and I 'm sure we 'll buy them again .
 I 've been using these since my little one has been eating solids and they are great . They cut down on all the yucky partS of cloth diapering . They are gentel on the skin and also on your septic system . Also you can wash and reuse if there is no Solid waist on them .
 I bought these for use with cloth G-Diapers and they 're super effective , even with breast-milk poop . The poop stays on top of the liner , which you just remove and flush . Wet liners can even be washed with your diapers several times before needing to be thrown out .
 These make cloth diapers so easy . If there 's poop I toss it , but if it 's just pee I wash them with the diapers . I 've seen them hold up through 4 or 5 washes . There are softer liners out there , but they do n't hold up through washes like the Imse Vimse .
 This liner is easy to flush , but is a tad too thin in my opinion . It does n't hold wet poop that well . It is softer than the Kushies liners , but does n't hold up as well . So , I have to use two , which gets more expensive . I 'm on the hunt for the perfect diaper liner . : + -RRB-
 I had heard mixed reviews on these , but decided to try them out . These are great ! They held my older son 's poo extremely well so I just put it right in the toilet and flushed ! My only complaint is that they are pretty rough on their little bums at first . It does n't say on the package , but you can put these through the wash ! If they just pee in it , I throw them in the wash with my diapers and dry them on low , again with the diapers . They come out nice and soft and ready to use ! I think you can probably get 3 washes/dries out of them before they start to degrade.I definitely recommend this product !
 I did a lot of research before trying these liners the first time . I find them to be invaluable , as other have said , after baby begins solids.What sold me on these liners over others is that when there is no solid waste in the baby 's diaper , you can add these to your diaper wash and reuse them at least once , though I get at least two washes from each pee-only diaper change.These are also really large , in spite of being the baby size and not the toddler size . I know that some people have recommended cutting each liner in half to get even more out of each roll , but I do n't have that kind of patience . : -RRB-
 Good product . I had a little trouble with my two yr old developing a rash once I started cloth diapers . Not sure if it 's the diaper , liner , or wrap ? Anyway , these are handy ! Dump the liner & poop in toilet and if you 're lucky you do n't have to rinse the diaper at all ! My daughter had some blowouts when we first used these so there was poop on the diaper for sure-however the Whisper Wrap kept it contained !
 I bought these to use on my 2yr old . I never bought them before as I felt it sort of detracted from the cost-effectiveness of cloth diapers . However he now only uses diapers for naptime & bedtime so I felt the extra cost was worth a few minutes of my time -LRB- I now have a 5month old as well in cloth so the time is worth more -RRB- . It was completely worth it & I 'm officially spoiled ! No more dunking & scrubbing 2-yr old poop ! They have had no negative impact on my septic system.Also thought i should note , as others have , that if the child has not messed on the liner I wash them with my diapers & they usually stand up to 2 washes before falling apart . Great value .
 I 've tried 3 brands of liners -LRB- Imse Vimse , Biosoft , and Kushies -RRB- and these are the BEST!Using the baby size -LRB- about 10 '' long -RRB- they cover more than enough for my 14 month old , and any overhang I just fold/stuff in . Though they are not the softest , they do the job and wash well when mixed in with dirty diapers . We wash any that are just wet -LRB- and obviously toss the poopy ones -RRB- , and they soften to the texture of a dryer sheet . They do n't get snagged in any velcro or caught in our lint compartment of the drier -LRB- unlike the Kushies -RRB- . Super easy to use , and Dad friendly . I 'll be sticking with these for the remainder of our diaper years .
 So we 've been using these liners for a few months , since my son made the move to solids and breastfed baby poop was no longer the only thing going through the wash . Blech ! We have a front-loading washer , and the rinse cycle does n't do a fantastic job of agitating all the solids out.Before going further TMI ... here 's the run-down with the Imse Vimse liners : -- REUSABILITY
 it 's a great product , works well even on newborn poo . If not soiled you can wash together with the diapers and re-use up to 4 times before it starts to break down . Worth every penny .
 I 've been spraying my diapers all this time . I ca n't believe how much easier this makes the job . If I had known what I was missing before I never would have waited so long to try them . Everyone who takes turns changing baby agrees that these liners have been the best thing we 've done yet . In fact , I have n't even had to use my diaper sprayer since getting these , which is nice because I often vacation and no longer have to disconnect and reconnect a sprayer onto toilets wherever I stay . Also a plus when changing baby somewhere I could n't / would n't want to dunk a diaper -LRB- like a public toilet -RRB- . Even with very soft messes it 's a savior . Most of a soft mess , if not all , comes out with a simple lift of the paper and solid messes are always contained ! I also feel it 's been reducing the amount of potential stain on my prefolds because of the paper barrier reducing the contact of the waste to the cloth.The reason I had hesitated before was because I thought that one of the reasons I wanted to use cloth was to avoid anything harsh , scratchy , or papery on my baby 's skin . Why use soft cloth to then slap paper on top ? In reality , while they 're not super soft , they 're so thin , I feel like they compact and mold well to the baby and do n't seem to irritate at all . Additionally , I find I can wash the liners that had been urine soaked a few times with the soiled diapers before needing to toss it and after being washed they get very soft , like a very thin and gauzy cotton which feels almost pleasant to the touch.I will absolutely keep using these and recommend them to everyone I know who is currently diapering .
 There are lots of liners for cloth diapering out there , but this is the only one I know of that is washable . I can wash them about 4-5 times before they start to fall apart . If you are using cloth to save money , then this is the way to go .
 Diaper liners are a must for cloth diapering once a baby is on solid foods and has `` solid '' poopies . They eliminate the need to soak/dunk diapers in the potty many times . -LRB- It 's not the liner 's fault if they rumple or fold up sometimes once the baby starts to crawl and walk . -RRB- Most of the time you can lift and flush the poopie , and maybe use a wipe to clean off the little extra mess left of the diaper . These are a generous size . If they are only urine , they wash fairly well with the diapers with some shrinking for a 2nd use . I highly recommend this product .
 The Imse Vimse Baby liners are great ! They are fairly soft , flush easily , and will even go through the wash a few times before falling apart -LRB- I just let them air dry -RRB- . The baby size works perfect on my 18-month-old and are a little cheaper than the toddler size or the Kushies flushable liners .
 I love this product the only unfortunate side to this diaper liner is that it does n't hold in the blowouts , if your baby has seriously liquidy number twos and it 's kind of a lot , it 'll seep right through the diaper liner , but if it is n't too much , or it 's more solid than liquid , then you should be fine , that 's why I give this diaper liner 4 stars , it sure is a help , so long as my baby does n't have diarrhea or just a lot to offer that night if you know what I mean lol
 We started using these when our son began eating solids and they have worked great . They are bigger than needed , so we cut them in half . Like other folks , if it 's just urine on the liner , we throw them in the diaper pail and re-use a couple of times . It makes the pain of spending the money on them worth it.The 200 have lasted us almost 6 months . I 'm about to purchase more , and will continue to use them until my little one is potty trained.A friend of mine uses Viva paper towels instead with great success , but I have n't tried that since these have worked so well .
 I 've been using these for almost 12 months in my son 's cloth diapers . They do not tear apart with moisture and collect most of the solids for easier diaper cleanup . Now that my son wears 18m clothing and is more active , the liners do not fit as well in his diapers and more solids leak out the sides and front . They feel stiff to the touch , but my son does not seem to mind or develop irritation . Unless washed with Velcro , these liners also seem to withstand rewashing for those who may want to purchase fewer liners .
 These are a must have for cloth diapering . They catch the solids and can be flushed , or if they are just wet I put them through the wash with the diapers and use them 2 or 3 more times!I like how wide these are , they cover all the fleece so you do n't have a mess on the sides of the diaper .
 we have always used a diaper sprayer on the toilet - when we moved to germany we could n't hook that up so we ordered the imse vimse flushable liners . they have been so so so wonderful and have helped diapers with # 2 be so easy for clean up !
 I 've been using these w / my FuzziBunz and they 're pretty cool . I have to make sure and pull the excess out through the leg holes or it 'll chafe baby 's skin but it 's definitely made clean-up easier . I sprinkle a little cornstarch on them to make it softer on baby . So far so good . : -RRB-
 One of the major reasons we debated on cloth diapering was the `` Ick factor '' when solid foods were introduced . These are awesome . With solid waste the entire liner poo and all flush down the toilet . If there is only pee they go in the wet bag to be washed along with the diapers . They easily handle 3-4 washes .
 This is a great product . I can wash and reuse the rice sheets if they have been just pee 'd on . Makes using cloth diapers soooooo much eaiser .
 We have used these liners since `` moving '' to cloth diapers 3 babies ago . For newborns we do cut them in half but for older babies we just fold them around the cloth diaper so that they stay in place . The best thing about these liners is that they are washable & reusable which helps on the budget . Of course we flush the soiled ones down the toilet with the contents but wash the wet ones over & over again . I recently purchased another brand in error & was astonished to find them disintegrated when I pulled them out of the laundry machine . Yes admittedly they were softer but we all know that babies do not mess every diaper so in my opinion this is a waste . Will not make that mistake again . Thanks Imse Vimse for making such a great product . You have my loyal support .
 These get the job done , but they are a little wide for the diaper and not terribly soft . They do stand up to washing well , and are a good value for the money . I have not used them long enough to see how the affect the septic system , but they make flushing the poop very convenient .
 I bought these to use with my medium sized gdiapers . I use cloth inserts for the gdipes and these liners have made bm diaper changes so much easier . They are not a perfect fit , but I just fold the liner underneath the cloth insert . I also reuse the liners that have only been used for a urine soaked diaper . Just throw the liners in your washer with the rest of the cloth diapers and presto , you can use it again . I 've even used a few of them a THIRD time . These are definitely worth the money .
 These are great . The biggest issue I had with cloth diapers has been poopies sticking right to them . I considered ordering a sprayer but it just seemed like such a huge hassle . These are so affordable its still a huge saving over disposable diapers and they make cloth easy .
 I tried these when she was a newborn and there was no point at all . Now that she 's a toddler and still in cloth diapers , these are REALLY handy . Just lift and flush , then toss the diaper in the bucket . Saves a LOT of mess !
 We 've had our son in Bum Genius diapers since birth . These have been a GODSEND . Liquids go through , solids do n't . Easy to pick out and flush -LRB- or throw away if you want -RRB- . These are n't as expensive as some other brands and we think work better . They are also machine washable ! So if your child only goes # 1 , we throw them in with the liners and inserts and they come out just fine -LRB- albeit a little wrinkled -RRB- . If you 're cloth diapering , and your kids eat solid foods , you need these . Trust me .
 These are a little wide but they work great . They make changing those poopy diapers a breeze . Even grandma will change them now .
 These are the best liners ever for cloth diapers as they are the best of both worlds - thin enough to flush -LRB- never had any issues -RRB- and thick enough to wash once or twice if only peed on to get more use out of them !!! I use these and rarely have to use my diaper sprayer !
 I have been using the Imse Vimse liners since my grandson was born 16 months ago but I strayed once getting something that was cheaper and looked like a roll of T. Paper and in my opinion it was as if I were using a thicker toilet paper in his diapers . Needless to say I went back to Imse and did not even finish that roll . I make these liners last longer by washing the non-pooh ones with the diapers and letting them dry on top of the dryer . By the time the diapers are dry , so are the Imse Vimse liners !
 Recently tried cloth diapering for environmental reasons , but could n't get over the idea of putting poopy diapers into my washing machine . These liners are easy , effective , and keep the diapers from getting gross . Also -LRB- as many people have mentioned -RRB- , for wet diapers these liners can be tossed in with the laundry and reused several times . Economical and completely necessary for squeamish people trying to cloth diaper.Don ' t know if it really matters , but I use mine with gdiapers w / gcloth inserts and have been very happy with the combination .
 I bought these through the company I bought my daughters cloth diapers through . We use the Gro-Baby System , which I LOVE ! The company no longer sells these flushable liners , so I decided to pick up the Kushies Liners at one of the specialty shops I know of.The Pros for the Imse Vimse-Wider liner = less mess on the diaper . -LSB- With Kushie 's there is always `` overflow '' onto the diaper itself . -RSB- Holds up for usually 2 washes - The Kushie Liners fall apart during the first washing.The Cons-Not as soft as the Kushie 's liner . But I much prefer being able to wash them a couple of times.Honestly I use to think they were a bit too wide , myself , especially for newborns , and really a bit pointless until they start solids . After trying Kushies , I am more than satisfied with Imse Vimse 's product . I think they are perfect and I do n't have to spray or scrape the diapers off into the toilet . . yeck !
 These are perfect for cloth diapers . I almost never have to use the diaper sprayer for cleaning messes . They are sturdy in the wash - I have n't had any issues with tearing . The two rolls have lasted a very long time ; much longer than I expected . The only issue that I see is that they 're a little wide for the bum genius diapers I use , but my husband and I just fold them over and make them fit . Not even remotely a big deal for us .
 I use Fuzzy Bunz diapers and these are a must once your baby starts solids and the baby poop changes form . Makes washing diapers a breeze because you just shake off liner into the toilet and it flushes -- never clogs even the smallest of potties .
 These are a MUST for cloth diapering in my opinion . I tried a different brand of diaper liners but they were n't washable or nearly as soft . These are ideal because they 'll go through the wash -LRB- if not soiled -RRB- twice before they start to fall apart . So easy to just carry the soiled diaper to the bathroom and plop the liner into the toilet when needed . Anyone I tell about CDing is opposed to the idea until I tell them about this product . Genius !
 These liners are very wide , but will be perfect with my daughter gets a little wider herself . They are very thin , so the wideness is n't really a problem.I was slightly confused by the description for this item . You are buying 200 liners total . These are NOT rolls of 200 liners . There are 2 rolls , 100 liners each .
 This did just what I wanted it to
 This jogger is great ! I love the quick fold feature and my daughter seems very comfy in it - no complaints , in fact she seems to look forward to going on runs w / mom.I feel like this product is a much better value than the BOB jog strollers - those are overpriced and ultimately this product gives you everything you need .
 I 've never taken the time to review a product before but I decided to review the baby jogger Q because I am so pleased with it . I spent a lot of time on line searching before the purchase and this stroller seemed to have all the specs that I was looking for and was in the middle of the road in terms of price . It was a great choice . The stroller was delivered early and was essentially pre-assembled . It has many great details and is a very smooth ride . I run about 4 miles at a time on a paved path but have also taken it `` off roading '' on a hiking path . It handles well and my daughter loves it . I started using it when she was three months of age and she did look very tiny in it but with a snuggly wrapped around her she was very secure . With the way the straps and harness adjust I predict I will be able to use this stroller until my daughter outgrows strollers in general . I wish I had waited on purchasing the regular Graco stroller because I prefer to use my jogger for everything . The folding mechanism is very smooth .
 I was actually given this jogging stroller as a gift . I have used this stroller somewhat for my 6 month old son . He may be a little young for it , as the straps are not so secure but I use this for walks around the neighborhood . This stroller manuevers over sidewalks very easy , the big wheels make the ride very smooth compared to a regular stroller.Its very easy to fold up and put in the car . It takes up half the space as a regular stroller when folded up .
 I bought this stroller primarily for use jogging . I 'm not a major distance jogger , less than 5 miles at a time , but I find this stroller to be very easy to use . If you 're doing major distance , you might want wheels with a bigger diameter , but these are plenty for me . It has very little friction , so pushing it is a breeze . Steering is decent , of course with a fixed front wheel you have to lift up onto the rear wheels for a tight turn . But it 's well balanced , so this is not difficult.I like the no-pinch hinges on the canopy -LRB- do n't have to worry about curious fingers getting stuck -RRB- and the folding is ridiculously easy . In fact , it makes me wish I could use this stroller as my main stroller . It 's roomy , comfortable for my not-at-all-petite 15-month-old . The drawbacks with this stroller are all the other things about it . I find the basket underneath to be hard to get into and out of . The `` recline '' on the seat is not really much to speak of , just a little give back and forth . It does n't go back very far or all the way up . It does n't lock in its folded position , and you have to rest it flat -LRB- so it takes a lot of room on the floor , for example -RRB- . And it is really a bit too long to be used indoors , so it 's not a good stroller for running errands ; negotiating aisles would be a pain . This stroller does not have any shocks , either , so it 's probably not so good for bumpy trails . At less than one year old , the stop brakes sometime stick and are hard to disengage.As strictly an urban jogger stroller , it 's great . It 's not my dream serves-every-possible-function stroller , but I like it . I 'd recommend it , and possibly look into Baby Jogger 's city series for an every day stroller .
 I give the highest ratings to the jogger and delivery from Amazon.The stroller is perfect for our needs . We wanted a smooth rolling stroller that was easy to trasport . The ride is great and it handles the park trails with ease . After runs , it takes less than a minute to break down the stroller and put it in the trunk.I am very pleased with the purchase .
 This a wonderful stroller . I have a large 35lb , 2yr old and he is very comfortable . Great folding mechanism . Folding is easy and I can do it with one hand . Nice pockets for storage .
 Superb piece of equipment . We have used it for our disabled son for a number of years . Highly recommended !
 First , its a good choice vs. plasic . Also , I have noticed with other stainless steel cups , the disadvantage is that it takes on the temperature of the liquid inside -LRB- making it too cold to hold sometimes -RRB- , however since this cup has the plastic handles it alleviates that problem . It 's spill proof and easy for my daughter to drink out of . The only thing I would change is making it bigger .
 This Foogo sippy cup is quite remarkable . The plastic used in the design are parts that the childs mouth comes in contact with and the ground when dropped . The Stainless steel is what touches the water . No contaminents there ! In our house , this cup is used for water only ! Just like our adult stainless steel containers , water only provides that there wo n't be bacteria , etc. or any stinkyness problems . We keep one in the car and one in the house . Our daughter has never really taken to plastic sippy cups , but she really does use this one ! I 'm completely impressed and wish more companies had quality designed products like this one . Go ahead , try it out yourself !
 We 're very happy with the Foogo sippy cup . Definitely is the most leak proof cup we 've used with our kids , keeps drinks cold longer , is nice looking ... works well . Only thing that could be negative about it is that it 's a little heavy for our 1 year old to maneuver , but she mostly has no problem . We like the funky name , too .
 For parents who are concerned about chemicals in what has become traditional baby products , this is a great non-bpa replacement for the plastic sippy cup . My daughter is particularly fussy about the recipient she 's drinking out of and I was very surprised she accepted this in no time , as I involved her in opening up the Amazon box and be surprised by what she got.The only slightly negative thing about it is that it often takes several attempts before you can properly fix the spout in the lid hole . Once it 's done it 's totally leak proof .
 My best friend 's daughter had just made the transition to sippy cup , and from a distance , I thought I should send something to commemorate . They adore this product , as does Julia . Beyond that , it arrived on time , and met all expectations . I 'll do this for all of my other friends ' and relatives ' children .
 We 've tried every major brand of sippy cup out there , plus a few of the lesser-known ones . None of them are truly leak-proof , even when everything 's put together correctly . That said , the Foogo is the best of the non-BPA sippy cups . It 's much better than another stainless-steel option , the KleenKanteen , which has no insulation , dents very easily , and leaks like crazy . The Foogo is the closest competitor -LRB- in leakproofedness , if that 's a word -RRB- to the First Years Take N Toss sippy cups , which were the best we found in plastic sippys . -LRB- I have n't tried the Siggs because I 've tried to avoid aluminum while waiting for more complete evidence regarding its association with Alzheimer 's . -RRB- It 's great that the Foogo insulates so much that milk does n't smell bad even if it 's been in there a few hours , unlike just about every other sippy out there . Just wish they were n't so expensive , or I 'd buy several more .
 I got one of these and really like it . The handles help my child use both hands and hold the cup correctly . I do n't know if it leaks because I took out the non spill part of it because my child likes it to flow out freely.I LOVE the fact that it 's steel and nnot plastic making it a non toxic sippy comparable to the `` safe sippy '' cup .
 I have both the Sippy & Straw versions of this cup and like them both for insulation and durability . For me , the biggest reason for buying them was to get away from dangerous plastics that other cups for kids are made of .
 Like these sippy cups . Great alternative to plastic sippy sups . One complaint -LRB- ? -RRB- - the spout is pretty soft , so my kids love to chew on it . On the flip side , my kids love the cups because the soft spouts also make them very easy to drink from . They only seem to leak if you push on the spout . Handles are attached to cup . Durable . Would recommend .
 The only problem I had was UPS delivered the package to the incorrect address . They got the packages mixed up.It took quite a while to receive the cup .
 I bought this for my grandaughter.I can feel better knowing that she is not using cheap plastic products
 UPDATE : So after using this cup for 3 weeks now , I have to admit that it leaks SOMETIMES ! When first reassembled after washing , the cup does not leak ... even when vigorously shaken upside down ! Once my daughter drinks out of it ... . one of three scenarios has happened :1 -RRB- the cup still does not leak when vigorously shaken upside downOR2 -RRB- the cup leaks a few drops before stopping even when shaken -LRB- I think this is liquid that is left in the spout after already passing through the valve -RRB- OR3 -RRB- the cup leaks when shaken.I have not quite figured out yet why it leaks sometimes and not other times . Anyway , my daughter still loves this sippy and I will keep using it since she is usually in the highchair when drinking.As for assembling the cup ... it has become much easier , and it works best if I pull -LRB- and wiggle -RRB- the spout through the lid instead of pushing the spout through the lid from the inside.ORIGINAL REVIEW : I do n't think this cup is as bad as other reviewers rated it . Yes , it does have some design issues -LRB- and maybe Thermos is `` listening '' -RRB- , e.g it is really difficult to reassemble and you need to align the spout -LRB- purple -RRB- exactly into the lid -LRB- pink -RRB- or the sippy does not close right -LRB- I assume that 's why other say it leaks -RRB- . But if assembled correctly this sippy does not leak . Another plus is that it is made of durable stainless steel , therefore BPA-free and healthier than other plastic sippies . If this means that I have to put a little bit more effort into reassembling it , so be it . The only issue I have with this sippy is that i do n't see how much my daughter is drinking , but that is expected of a stainless steel cup.I also own the BornFree Training Cup -LRB- not the BornFree Drinking Cup ! -RRB- , but my 6 month old daughter prefers the Foogo . Personally I do n't really like the spout of the BornFree Training Cup because there is not much difference between the spout and a bottle nipple ... they both have a y-cut -LRB- so what 's the point of transitioning to a cup ? -RRB- and the valve is not directly attached to the inside of the spout -LRB- guess that 's why they need the leak-proof y-cut ... also why their Drinking Cup leaks -RRB- .
 Excellent product that never leaks , keeps the product cold , and is easy for the child to carry ... with one exception , they are about twice as heavy as a traditional plastic sippy cup so younger children my struggle in the beginning . My daughter is 13 months and never had a problem . They also float when full ! I purchased both the Thermos and the kleen kanteen ... the klean kanteen leaks every time and have returned them to Amazon ... -LRB- FYI dont even try them -RRB- . If you are looking bpa-free , this is the route to go . I can not recommend them enough !!!
 My daughter loves this sippy cup . It 's cute and easy to clean . We use it for water , so if she shakes it hard or leaves it tipped upside down , some water does come out . We bought it to use with water and are very happy .
 I was looking for a sippy cup that was not plastic and did n't leak and this one pretty much covers all the bases . It does leak once in a while and it is made in China but it is dishwasher safe and works great 98 % of the time .
 The cup is well constructed , with a stainless exterior AND interior canister and leakless plastic top . The top is easy to disassemble and clean , and does not leak from either the threading or the spout . This is a problem we encountered with many other cups . Also , it does not sweat and leave water where ever the child leaves the cup.My only complaint is that the cup is so heavy it 's difficult for my child to use on her own . She is 11 months old , so expect an older child would not have this problem , but it is a consideration for younger ones .
 My girl is 15 mos old and has destroyed every other soft spout/straw cup we 've gotten her . -LRB- only a little unsupervised time , but did n't take her long to figure them out . -RRB- This one was the first cup we bought and she still has n't destroyed it ! I soak it in vinegar and a drop of tea tree oil once a week to kill off any bacteria , as I did notice a smell after a few uses , but now it 's fine . I also use a nipple brush and tooth brush for cleaning small areas . We do n't wash it in the machine . I bought other cups , as it seemed a little heavy for her to hold on her own , when she began to want to do that . I was also afraid she 'd knock herself out with it , swinging it around ! A friend of mine would n't buy it , as her daycare would n't allow them -LRB- too heavy -RRB- . We do n't go to daycare , so that 's not a problem . So far , she has n't chewed through the top and she 's a chewer -LRB- also pushing through 4 molars right now ! -RRB- If the gasket is all of the way in , it does n't leak , but I have had it leak a few times when I did n't get it pushed all the way in -LRB- four little `` corners '' you have to have clicked into place -RRB- . Any cup leaks a little and this one is very minimal - much better than the Born Free training cup or the nuby -LRB- without the lid on -RRB- . All in all , I love it , so does my girl !
 This and the Safe Sippy are my daughters favorite cups . We have never had a leak and it keeps her water cold all day . This is a VERY sturdy cup , my husband ran over it with our huge SUV and it dented the cup . Even the plastic on it stayed in pretty good shape . It was bent enough to no longer be usable , but I was impressed with how well it held up . I think throws from the stroller will not be a problem and this cup will hold up to almost anything . We went and bought another one right away -LRB- even at $ 15 ! -RRB- because we LOVE this cup .
 I purchased this sippy cup when we decided to purge all of our old sippies that contain BPA . This is a very high quality cup . I throw it in the dishwasher and it holds up great . Highly recommend .
 We can not live without these Thermoses . It keeps my son 's milk cold for 4 - 6 hours . We can go out for a long walk to the park and back again and still have the same thermos of milk . When we first got it we were constantly opening it to make sure the milk was still cold ... always was . The only warning I have is to not put it in the dishwasher even though it says it 's ok . At least do n't put the stoppers in the dishwasher ... the seem to lose their leakproofing abilities after about 9 or 10 washes . Even then , the leakage is very little . We bought the larger version of this thermos too . LOVE IT !
 Once you figure out the trick of assembling it properly and taking it apart easily -LRB- really jam the spout into the holder , and pry off the seal sideways -RRB- , this is an awesome sippy cup . Practically 100 % leakproof , the only time it leaks is due to operator error . Really does a great job insulating .
 We bought almost every cup out there searching for a good leak proof BPA free cup for our twins and finally found these . They are a little heavy , but the girls manage them fine . They do not leak if closed properly , mine do n't leak , even when my other kids screw the lids on . The valves come out and come apart for easy cleaning . Overall we ended up buying more of these , and do n't use the others at all .
 My daugthter loves this sippy . She calls it her coffee cup . Seems to work very well .
 This is a great cup , both my daughters have one . It rarely leaks , and really keeps things cold . It is a little heavier than other cups , but neither of my girls had a problem with that , even when they were really little . It survives being dropped off the high chair repeatedly . My older daughter likes hers so much I had to get a new one for the baby rather than passing my original one down .
 I ended up buying this sippy cup -LRB- together with the pink 12oz straw bottle -RRB- from BJ 's where they were cheaper -LRB- 23 $ for both -RRB- . My daughter loves the cup ; I like it too , even though , sometimes - just as others said here , depending on how well you reassemble it - it leaks . Both the sippy cup and the straw bottle do a very good job as a thermos . And I do n't consider they are hard to put back together ; actually , having all these parts , you can clean them better ; just make sure they are dry before you reassemble them , and be a little more careful when putting them together .
 The cup broke fairly quickly , but the plate has been used for every meal for well over a year . Makes for a very fun dinner .
 The door jams are great . Easy to install , all one piece so I do not have to worry about my daughter crawling around them . She figured out how to take the white caps off the standard door stops in a few minutes .
 Very easy to install & look nice . Now , we do n't have to worry about our daughter possibly choking on or getting pinched by our former wire door stops .
 We ordered these not because we needed them for childproofing , but because they 're longer then regular door stops . We do have small children -LRB- 5 , 3 , and 5m -RRB- , but we do n't go crazy and bubble wrap everything in the house . I 'm sure these would be appreciated by people that do that though . They 're all one molded piece , and they screw right into the hole where the previous door stop was.Our issue was that because of the design of our doorways and style of door handles -LRB- and the way our kids open the doors with great abandon -RRB- , we had dents in the walls where the handles kept hitting the drywall . The door stops just were n't long enough . These did the job perfectly ! We repaired the dents and now our walls are staying dent free ! I would recommend these for anyone having the same problem we did .
 Easy to unscrew the existing door jam and screw this one in it 's place - they even provide a screw . One piece , so kids ca n't pull off the tip of the door jam and potentially choke .
 Very happy with these as my son was pulling the ends of the standard ones ... just wish I had n't used the wrench to tighten them as it scraped up the plastic ... still overall pleased .
 This was great to keep my toddler from closing his bedroom door and getting up to no good . It would be even better if it had a velcro attached to it so that you could attach it to the wall or a door when not in use . I just got some velcro and did it on my own .
 I searched all over for one-piece door stops . While they were everywhere when I had my children 20 plus years ago , I could n't find them in any retail stores . These are a MUST HAVE for anyone who will have small children in their home -- even for a brief visit ! The door jambs regularly sold in retail stores are a MAJOR CHOKING HAZARD for little ones who can pull off the rubber stoppers and choke on them !!! This company should do an extensive marketing campaign to get their product into all of the retail stores . They installed in an instant . ` Just use your hand to screw them into the baseboard with the screw which is attached as part of the one-piece product .
 I originally purchased this item when we moved into a new house and I had a baby that liked to put small things in her mouth so I was worried about the little rubber pieces on the end of standard door stops . They are super easy to put in and solve the problem . This is a replacement package as that same child likes to run into them and step on them and they do break if abused .
 Very happy with these door jambs . Do n't make the same mistake I did though - there are THREE in each pack -LRB- I ordered 3x the amount I needed ! -RRB- . The screw goes in very easily and the one-piece construction is nice so that there are no more loose caps rolling around the floor .
 These childproof doorstops stopped my 1 year old from pulling all the stops off and from the potential choking hazard of the little white caps on standard metal stops . They are easy to install -LRB- I 'm a woman and did it myself -RRB- , as they just screw into the old doorstop 's hole . EASY ! Plus , they look great , and I prefer them to the metal stops anyhow ! At this price , you should be able to replace all the stops in your home !
 The Kidco Decora outlet covers are the best product I found that met my criteria for functionality and asthetics . In my opinion the covers look great ; much better than other options on the market . They are convenient as well as there are no removal parts once they are installed.They can be a little touchy to install ; if you tighen the screws too much the springs will bind up and the mechanism does not work as expected . It 's not a big issue ; just back off the screw a bit but it would be nice if the housing was stiffer so this problem was n't possible.On the asthetic front I think these are pretty good . A screwless design -LRB- like some decora wallplates -RRB- would be even better . I do like these decora specific ones MUCH better than the `` universal '' ones they have now with unnecessary screw holes - yuck . I hope these are still easily available.I 'm largely posting this review to counter the other 1 star review that did n't even address the product .
 I got these when my son was born , I am glad I did . When he started crawling he would head for the outlets . Now that he is 4 he still ca n't get into them . I have given them too all my friends with kids . I think that this is one of the best baby safety products out there .
 Other reviews have said that this was flimsy and not like the photo , however for the price it is great . Yes it is not stiff and will shift out of place , but so long as you make sure it is in place when you place your child in its seat , you 're golden . I am sure this will be invaluable in the future for the new car seat we 've bought . Learned my lesson having to wash and re-wash and re-wash the last one with diaper accidents .
 My son is 6-months-old and we have him in a Britax Roundabout carseat . It used to be my daughter 's and I could n't find the insert for the younger babies so his head was not supported very well . I tried one of the headrests that is a semicircle above their heads and did n't like it at all . It kept pushing his head forward . These `` ears '' are great because they are very soft and adjustable so his head rests against the car seat but is supported on both sides by the cradler . He has been able to sleep really well in his carseat since I got these . I also like that I can throw them in the washing machine and they hold their shape .
 We have the cradler in our Evenflo Triumph Advance car seat and our baby is 11 months old . Before buying this product , we tried the U-shaped pillow that goes around the baby 's neck . She pulled it off every time . Then we tried adding a little strap to secure it around her head ... that just got her more aggravated ! Anyway , she seems to like the cradler MUCH better . We removed the little head support pillow that comes with the car seat because it 's unnecessary with the cradler . The cradler does a good job of preventing the head side-slump which is the more common scenario than the forward-slump at least in our baby 's case . It 's easy to attach , detach and adjust for head size . We 're happy with this product .
 This worked the best to support my baby 's neck and head . However , it was a little uncomfortable for the baby , because he could n't turn his head easily . I do n't think there is another way to stabilise his head for safety though . Overall good product - durable to washing also .
 My daughter has torticollis so I needed something in her carseat to keep her head straight . The cradler helps keep her head straight , but I think it is uncomfortable for her . I think when she is a little bit bigger it will be more comfortable for her . She is 5 months now and average size for her age . It also rubs the hair off on the back of her head .
 I got one of these for my baby and one for my toddler . I love them ! They are adjustable , soft , easy to use . They do n't always prevent their heads from drooping when they fall asleep , but I can tuck the cushions under their cheeks , into their neck a little , and they do hold their heads up .
 I use this with both my infant & toddler . It makes sleeping in the car look so comfortable I wish I could join them at times ! It 's soft , portable , and easy to use .
 I 've tried just about every head support for my 2mos old son , I bought the kiddopotamus snuzzler I really liked it , but there still was n't enough support for his head , my son has torticollis as well as congenital scoliosis . This is the only thing that helps my son 's head/neck straight as possible . Even his therapist likes it , and said she will let her other patients know . It 's not even that expensive but worth it to see that it somehow helps my son 's condition .
 I only wish these things were around when my child was an infant . We had alot of trouble keeping her head up during the first month , before her neck muscles were strong enough to keep it up herself.This is a great device , something useful . I bought this for a baby shower gift .
 I bought this for my second son 's infant carseat before he was born . My first son always had a slumpy head in his carseat and the rainbow shaped head supports were useless . This works great . It did a wonderful job of keeping his head supported even when we were comming home from the hospital and I am still using it today , 5 mos . later . I wish I would have had one for my older son , and I would definately recommend it .
 This really works ! Ever since my 20month old started using his Graco Booster , his head would drop to his chest when he falls asleep in the car . The cradler manages to keep his head steady so it does n't droop . I 'd definitely recommend this .
 If your son is anything like mine -LRB- growing like a weed -RRB- and you need to move to the bigger car seat before 9-12 months then this product is really great . At 5 months my son was getting really cramped in the infant carrier car seat , so we went out and got him the infant to toddler car seat . However , he is still to short for his head to be in pillow it came with . Therefore , when we would be driving his head would slump over . So , we decided to try the Kiddopotamus Cradler Adjustable Head Support and it has worked great . No more slumping head and it works great on those long car rides too . Now I do n't have to worry that his head is n't in a stable position if we were to get into an accident or just in an uncomfortable position . Therefore , I would highly recommend this product if you have the same problem we did : -RRB-
 The Cradler is a simple product that can make a huge difference ! Soft and easy to use , it installs by Velcro to the straps of the car seat . Since my son 's head is supported while he is sleeping , he tends to sleep longer on flights as well as in the car . I wait until he is sleeping to put the Cradler on . This item is highly recommended to my `` Jet With Kids '' readers !
 I have two children now , and I wish this item had been available when my older daughter was born . I have tried everything to keep my babies ' heads from slumping over in the car , and nothing worked 100 % of the time . This however does . It is one of the best things I have ever purchased for my child and it 's very inexpensive .
 Our 1 year old uses this on long road trips and it works great . Yes , her head still goes forward at times , but I really do n't think there is one on the market that will prevent this problem . It does , however , prevent her head from slumping down sideways , and allows a nice pillow for her head to fall on . I am very happy with this item and would buy it again if I had to !
 Item as described , shipped properly and in a timely manner . Although , my daughter 's head still flops forward a little when she 's asleep even with this attached . Thanks .
 I always have had a problem when my son would go to sleep on his car seat , his head would plop to the side . It seemed really uncomfortable for him . So I searched around for something to help prop his head up . This is better than the semi circle ones -LRB- I have tried these types previously -RRB- because it does not have the big uncomfortable part in the back of the neck , there are only 2 sides and a band at the back so it is much more comfortable , and it definitely solved my problem !
 My daughter has torticollis , and her physical therapist recommended this product to keep her head straight while in her car seat .
 I 've used this for carseats and stroller both usually when my son 's asleep . Since my son has a big head , I definitely do no use both . I 'll just use one on the side of the head that he leans toward when he sleep on carseat or stroller . Seems to do the trick so he does n't strain his neck .
 Our 6-month old son has torticollis on his right side and his physical therapist recommended this to help him keep his head straight while sleeping in his car seat , high chair , or swing ... it works very well and is comfortable for him !
 I used this head cradler for my son from birth until 8 weeks old . It was a wonderful product for the carseat , swing , or any other seat we put him in.However , once he started getting bigger I needed to expand the pads a bit . The two pads are connected by velcro behind the babies head . Unfortunately , the `` prickly '' side of the velcro faces towards the babies head . Therefore , when it is expanded , some of the prickles are uncovered . My son hated the feel against the back of his head , and we had to discontinue using the product .
 I used this in conjunction with the CARES harness for my 3 year old to be able to sleep in comfort on a flight from the US to Asia . It worked wonders ; with the head support , he was able to take multiple naps on the 18 + hour journey each way , and my husband and I got some rest . Unlike most head/neck pillows , this one has no bulk behind the neck , so the head is n't pushed forward in an uncomfortable way . Highly recommended .
 I bought this to keep my son 's head from tipping forward while he slept in the car seat . It seemed to make him more comfortable and usually worked well .
 We used to use an Eddie bauer thing that was somewhat bulky and attached to the seat belt straps . My husband hated putting her in the seat with that thing in . Since this new system , it 's not a problem getting her situated . And she fell asleep within minutes of me putting it in . That 's worth the price for one nap !
 The baby in the picture was so cute i had to rate this product 5 stars . I have already ordered 2 based solely on the picture , and plan to order half a dozen more when my paycheck comes in .
 After seeing how our 1 yr old 's neck was crunched into all sorts of uncomfortable positions when he falls asleep in the car , we shopped around for a good support product and settled on these and they work great . The little doggie detail helps me remember which way to put them on and the adjustability feature behind his head should let us use it for quite a while . Only 4 stars because his head still tends to droop forward every now and then which he does n't seem to mind as much , and also the `` sleep noodles '' as we call them have to be attached with both hands -LRB- not while driving -RRB- so I have to plan ahead and put them on before we get going , so not good for unplanned naps . Other than that , great !
 This works well for my toddler when he sleeps in his car seat . He used to take it off and play with it , but after a few more tries , he began leaving it on alone and falling asleep with it . He looks like he 's sleeping comfortably and it 's adjustable , so it 's always a great fit .
 I saw some of the negative reviews about this product and was surprised . This one worked well for our daughter . We mainly used it in a car seat and on swing and it helped keep her head in place !
 I use this for my 13-month old son in his rear-facing convertible and have found it to be a BIG help . It is slightly cumbersome , but it keeps my son 's head from drooping to the side when he falls asleep -LRB- regarding other reviews complaining that it does n't prevent forward-drooping ... no pillow really will . Maybe try adjusting the angle of the car seat itself if that 's an issue -RRB- . Anyway , I found it helped a lot if I placed the velcro spreader -LRB- the part that connects the two pillows behind the baby 's head -RRB- BEHIND the car seat pad . My seat 's pad has continuous slots to allow for shoulder strap adjustments , and I found that threading the spreader through these slots helped the pillows stay put when I take my son in and out of the seat . Also this prevents the velcro from possibly irritating him . As long as you 're careful not to interfere with the threading of the shoulder straps themselves , this does not pose a safety risk . All in all , I think this product is about as good as such a product can be , and I definitely recommend it , especially at this price .
 This works great for keeping a baby 's head up straight , however , it can make getting those car seat straps out from the baby even more difficult in those little carriers . If you have difficulty getting your child in a car seat in the first place , I would n't recommend it , but if a straight head is a must , I would definitly recommend it . It also keeps thier head from falling forward while they are asleep , which is great .
 I just use these to support my toddlers head if she falls asleep in the car seat . I kind of just slip them in on either side of head and they usually stay there on own . I must admit that I do n't have them on all the time because it seems that they would make her hot . Anyway , they are cute and light weight and soft and do keep her head from flopping over to one side , although it still can flop forward .
 I tried all types of brands of sippy cups and my daughter liked Nuby the best . She really loved these cups because she could hold them so well . A friend and I both bought one to try on our 6 month olds at the same time and we are both buying more !
 GREAT STARTER CUP ! BABY WO N'T HAVE TO SUCK SO HARD AS WITH OTHER NO SPILLS !!! This cup is great for a young baby who is breastfed because baby can gum this nipple without sucking very hard , just like when nursing . I used this when I 'd leave my baby after 4 months because she did not like a bottle at all . Obviously this cup is n't meant for an older child who will bite and tear it apart . The spout is very soft and flexible , much like -LSB- ... -RSB- . Moms if your baby is biting , tearing or throwing a cup they 're obviously NOT THIRSTY ! Take the cup away and give them a toy !
 Okay , people . I see alot of people do not know how to screw the top onto this sippy cup so that it lines up with the handles . I promise you it is VERY EASY ! I hope some of you come back and read this because this is by far the BEST cup I have tried with my baby.Okay so for you who do not know , there are 3 main parts to this cup . The nipple that comes out of the collar -LRB- just like a bottle nipple comes out of the bottle collar -RRB- , the collar , and the cup . # 1 Take the nipple and insert it into the collar . There are 2 little `` nubs '' on top of the collar and 2 little `` vents '' on top of the nipple . Simply line up the vents on the nipple to the `` nubs '' ON TOP of the collar , pull thru , and wha-la ! It screws on right 99.9 % of the time ! Easy as pie , I promise ! Now the `` nubs '' on top of the collar are not to be confused with the colored dots inside the collar . # 2 Screw on the top tightly . # 3 Give to baby ! YAY!Okay , I hope this helps some of you . I know it can be frustrating when you ca n't get things to work right . I 'll try to add a video review if I can get the cup away from my baby ! LOL !
 I 'm sure there are better sippy cups out there but these work good for little one 's transitioning from bottle to cup . They are small , have soft tip -LRB- similar to bottle nipple -RRB- and easy to grip . I have had no problem lining handles up .
 My daughter is 5 months old and was only breastfeed . When I tried to get her to take a bottle she refused it each time . After some internet searching I was advised to try a sippy cup . I found this particular one and was interested in it because of its silicone nipple . On the first day my daughter drank from it twice -LRB- only a few ounces -RRB- but it was a start , by the second day she drank two full bottles , and by the third day there was NO PROBLEMS . I recommend this sippy to anyone who is trying to switch to a sippy cup or having problems with thier child taking a bottle . It worked for me .
 This cup does leak , but it if you align it the best you can it is great for a training sippy cup . My daughter learned how to use it at 7 months !
 The Nuby sippy cups and The First Year disposable sippy cups are the only ones that my 12 + months son likes . I bought numerous other brands of sippy cups , and most of them he ca n't manage to get any drink . I highly recommend this for babies learning to use sippy cup .
 Our 7-month old loves it ! It is easy to use for her and us .
 I bought these cups for my 6 months old twin boys thinking it would be good for them to start to learn to drink out of a cup and they love them , they do n't leak and they have the silicone spout . Only 1 time I had a problem with lining up the spout to be in the middle of the handles but besides that I love them and so do my boys . I have n't tried to many other cups because these seem to work fine . Hope you have good luck with them too .
 I love this cup for transitioning my babies to a sippy cup ! Because it has a soft spout , similar to a bottle nipple , it is easy for them to gum and feel like it 's not this awkward hard -LRB- or almost hard -RRB- plastic thing being shoved in their mouths ! I would recommend these to anyone as a starter sippy ! I even bought more for my second child , as the ones for my first were well-used/loved . However , I will caution you that once your baby figures out that they can `` chew '' the spout , they start to do so and actually break the pieces of plastic in there that help keep the liquid IN the cup . At that time , it becomes more of a waterfall ... which never seemed to be a problem for them when they were drinking it . It was more of a problem when they turned it upside down to see what would happen.I gave this product 5 stars because it is a great sippy that does n't leak unTIL they chew the spout too much . At that time , it is time to change to a different brand , I 'm afraid .
 My son has been using this cup for a year now and it 's great ! Easy to clean ... no leaking ... no problem . You do have to make sure that the spout is lined up with the little tabs when you put it back together after washing . Then give it a good hard turn to get sippy spout between handles . If you do n't it wo n't line up and it may leak - that may be the problem other reviewers had . It 's easy .
 Living in Phoenix , I was interested in making the stroller as comfortable in the heat as possible , and this canopy seemed sensible . My baby loves it - she can see a little through the mesh sides and is not so enclosed . I also think it is cooler than the tailored canopy that comes with the bugaboo . I only wish there was an option to order this from the beginning , as we now have an essentially unused tailored canopy , which is a bit of a waste . Highly recommended .
 Excellent product and excellent service ! The hood is better than I expected & my son loves being able to look out the little windows . Will definately recommend product & service provider ! Thanks : -RRB-
 Been looking in all the pet stores for these , low but with the metal grates so the animals can not just break through ! The plastic ones get brittle here and end up cracking over time ! Love that I found them on Amazon !
 As usual , a very satisfying purchase . I have previously bought 3 of these same products and are very satisfied . The transaction was professional and delivery was as stated and on time.Wood Expansion Gate
 This gate is really easy to install , lightweight but sturdy , and it 's tall enough to keep even my large dog -LRB- Golden Retriever -RRB- from jumping over . The plastic bar along the top is a great addition to the standard accordion gate because it keeps the dogs from getting hurt if they put their feet up on the top of the gate and it gives the gate more tensile strength so that the dogs ca n't easily crash through it or knock it down . This updated version of the expansion gate has made an old idea much more useful .
 I love this Expansion Gate , it was very easy to install.I swing the gate open , never have to take it down.Highly recommend it .
 The price was right . However , it 's not for chewers or a big dog that really wants out . My dog chewed right through the wood , but I glued it back together , using popsickle sticks , and have n't had a problem since .
 Pet containing items are expensive . I know this , and every pet owner knows this . If your pet container does n't work , the results are distastrous . I especially know this , after my dog learned how to jump out his $ 120 pen only two weeks after purchasing it . I come home to find my apartment a mess . I can only imagine how many pet owners can relate . Well , the good news is that this extra-high dog gate does work , and it works great . The thing is deceitfully strong , and with the wire mesh somewhat flexible , the dog can pull at it fiercely with having minimal effect on removing the wood frame from its place . The remaining star goes out to the desire of having the frame be made of metal or even plastic . The wood seems fine , but I think it will wear out sooner than any other material choice.As a note , I would get the * extra-tall * gate seen below -- I have an 8-lb Pomeranian and he could easily figure out how to climb over the shorter version of this gate despite being so low to the ground.I was a little confused how to operate the pressure bar , but after 20 minutes of experimenting with it , my dog had no chance of opening it since it was so tough . Though a small dog , he is fierce and I put him as a great litmus test.So for you pet owners worried about purchasing such an important item online , sight-unseen , have no fear
 We ordered this for our 40 lb dog - who is medium height but can jump high ! This is a great gate , easy to setup , no hardware needed -LRB- which means we can move it and use at multiple locations around the house -RRB- , sturdy ... and can widen to cover wider spaces than the normal gates found in petstores - we love it !
 Bought this to keep our new puppy in the kitchen . Found it for a super price < $ 10 , and thought I 'd take a chance . It 's high enough that medium/small dogs ca n't jump over it , and it 's well made and study . Stays strong once locked in place . Super thrilled with this great buy !
 It fits the area I need great , but my Yorkie either jumps or climbs out of it . So I have to lay gates on top of the enclosed area as well .
 sturdy , great height for dog/cat , had for over 4 years now and not one problem , simple , but not for the simple minded ; some ca n't seem to get the mechanics down on function ... hum ? and these are my friends ?
 Excellent dog gate . Even in tricky , not evenly spaced areas , this gate does the job . We bought this gate because we did n't completely trust our dogs with our newborn and it has helped us live a little easier .
 This dog gate was just what we needed for our dog . It 's extra tall and easy to set up and take down .
 Easy to use , metal wire instead of plastic . I love the height , my hounds can not jump over this like the regular baby gates .
 Did my research to find this tall enough gate to keep my cats in a limited area of the apartment and it works so well that I got 4 altogether . 2 for my cats and 2 for my son 's cats . Best price around , Will definitely recommend to friends .
 I love this stroller , as well . It maneuvers beautifully -- the front wheels need WD-40 when they start to not move correctly . I am pretty sure this is a universal problem with strollers ... I have a diaper bag I attach to the handles and it is great because , even with lots inside it , the weight of the stoller supports the diaper bag even when baby is out of it . There are clips you can buy to attach to the bars to accomodate more shopping/grocery bags , as well.I have an SUV -- the size is n't a problem . I 'm only 5 ' 1 , and I love how the handlebars adjust to accomodate people of different heights.The bassinet is wonderful -- I used it for my little one until he was 4-5 months . The fleece snuggler you can buy for the stroller portion is WONDERFUL and so warm - we walked in December and January in Chicago ! I have the light colored stroller and the fabric is very easy to clean.The tires are just wonderful -- we walked on snowy/icy sidewalks and they took it like a bike!I turned baby to face me at first -- so it made transition into the `` big part '' of the stroller work well.They have updated the car seat adapter to be rather universal . I purchased the Graco Snugride before this happened and it snaps on and off really easily . Was great going to stores.I use this stroller for walks on rough terrain and around the neighborhood mostly , now . We have a smaller umbrella stroller for frequent trips to the store . There are many times I wish I 'd brought my Rock Star Baby , though , when the terrain is rough.I am looking to buy the Buggy Board attachment now since we 're trying to have another baby and my son will be 2 + . The rain cover is fabulous ! It helps provide another layer of insulation , too , and it 's included with the stroller!Summing up
 Let me start out by saying that you can never be 100 % with anything , at least that 's my belief . You chose what is important to you and if it has all that , winner ! I love this stroller ! Originally my husband drove me out of my mind because he hated the idea of all the strollers that were around . Now I bought this stroller 4 years ago ! That 's right ! My one request was a bassinet . My husbands request , that it looked cool . After months of searching I found Rockstar baby and fell in love with the line . I used the bassinet for months -LRB- my son was born 8lbs 2 oz , 18.5 in long -RRB- and of course the car seat adapter was fabulous ! We got stopped all the time so people could ask us about it . Then when it was time we used the stroller attachment . It 's compact , which I love , very light and easy to use . It turns great , and because of the air filled back tires , and the smooth reclining my son has used it to sleep in many times at Disneyland and other outing . The only real downside I could ever see to it is that it has little storage capacity . However , that is not so important to me . I did n't want one of those giant strollers , I love it and am excited to use it for baby two in a few months !!
 This stroller has all the functions of the strollers that are more expensive but looks twice as cool . While not cheap ... I did n't look like a dork with all the other dads in my chicago park .
 The negative reviews that were previously posted are kind of confusing to me , since I have had none of the problems mentioned and LOVE this stroller!Favorite Features : I love that it has the pram , which fit my daughter well for several months.Full recline for when little babies are ready for the traditional stroller attachment , but too small for a fully upright position . It 's also great for older kids napping.You can face the kiddo towards you or out to the street , and though you do have to take the seat off to do it , it 's an easy switch.Adjustable handlebar , which easily switches positions for my 6 ' husband and I.Snugride carseat attachment . We already had the Snugride so I was looking for a stroller to accomodate it.Those were my biggest must-haves for a stroller and I found them all in this one . I 've had it for about 2 years and still love it.My only drawbacks : The harness does n't really do anything to keep my kiddo in . I ca n't adjust the straps any tighter and they are so loose she can easily get her arms out . So I just use the lap belt.No snack tray . I did n't think I 'd care about this , and I do n't care * that * much , but there are times it would be nice to have a place for her sippy and snack mug . But we do fine without it.Small undercarriage storage . Not much fits under there , other than a spare blanket , sippy/snacks , and maybe a small purse . But I used to do like the other reviewers and use a diaper back that snapped over the handles.Overall I love this stroller . As far as it 's size , I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and petite and have no issues taking this stroller apart and lifting it into my Prius by myself , where it fits just fine . I also purchased an after market cupholder at a big box baby store that adjusts for different size strollers , and it fits perfectly on the side bar of the RSB.Very happy customer here !
 looks cool and its great . my baby rides with style . Rock Star Baby stroller offers the same as bogaboo but way cheaper . the big wheels are great and super stable and light .
 This Stroller has been great ... it is like owning a Bugaboo but way cheaper ... We have used this stroller for over 16 months ... it is extremely well built . Living in the city , a stroller with some tires to absorb the jagged streets is important ... it is not super heavy but if you want to travel on buses , cars , etc. , it is n't the right stroller for you ... we use a Maclaren for times when portability is essential ... besides portability , the Maclaren stroller is a piece of junk compared to this stroller . As far as the complaint about the wheels , just use some WD-40 or graphite spray if necessary ... we sprayed one time 16 months ago and never have had to spray the wheel mechanism again ... and for those complaining about not enough sun protection , just buy a sun protector ... they sell them all over and they are not expensive . The bugaboo has a tiny umbrella ... the sunshade we bought works perfectly . Again , the sunshade is really cheap and it works great on sunny days ... finally , yes , there is n't a lot of bag room under the carriage but certainly has been enough for essentials ... overall , it has been a wonderful stroller and is in perfect condition after 16 months ... we use it all the time ... this is definitely a `` luxury '' stroller ... it is well made and our son is very comfortable in it . Highly recommend it !
 Not sure why previous people had bad reviews . I LOVE this stroller . I have it in red and have NEVER had any issues . Works great in the house , the mall , and walking on our bumpy sidewalks . The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is the storage space ... a little small but oh well . I also do n't mind the size ... my SUV can take the stroller/bassinet still attached -LRB- ca n't fold it with bassinet on -RRB- . When we move to the other seat it is a one hand fold down . Our baby loves being in this and we use it to move him around downstairs all the time . We looked at this and Bugaboo chameleon and for the money ... RSB rules !
 I live in an urban area and this stroller is great for getting around town . I dont have to pack it up and put it in a car - so I cant comment on its bulkiness for that ; but I do go in and out of shops during the day and find it to be a great stroller - sturdy and easy to steer even with one hand . The only thing that is a drawback is the small basket - you do have to carry your diaper bag across the handles if you plan to buy anything bigger than a bag of diapers !
 ... because mine is perfect . The basket is on the smaller side , but I just put my diaper bag over the handlebar and its better there anyway ... Mine steers beautifully , looks great and is wonderful in every way . I am a stroller junkie and I LOVE this one ...
 I should preface this by saying we have only used the bassinet part of this stroller . We have the black stroller and it looks great and feels like quality . We have never event taken it outside . We use it inside so that when baby is sleeping during the day we can move him from room to room and this has made our lives much easier . I do n't think I would like this stroller as an everyday stroller because it is wide and takes up a lot of room in the car and does n't fold up compactly . It has no cup holders which I would like -LRB- but the handlebars do fold down which is nice when you are using it as a bassinet -RRB- . The basket underneath is pretty small and does n't hold very much junk and that could be a problem since we all know how much stuff babies and toddlers require . This stroller manuevers great and would probably be a great stroller for outdoor jogging and what not . So depending on what your needs are this stroller is very good . Overall , very satisfied .
 I thought this holder was fantastic . It 's cute and it works ! The design allows it to hold all of the different brands of juices that I buy at the market . No other drink box holder fits everything . A BIG plus is that the dwink box is made in the USA !
 This juice box holder is beyond wonderful . It prevents the juice from the juice box or juice bag from squirting up .
 My two year old daughter is known to squeeze juice boxes or bags and cause the juice to spill out all over herself , the floor , the cat , etc. . . This box is great . I ordered it for her as a stocking-stuffer for Christmas , and immediately wished I had seen it much earlier . It is sturdy enough to prevent her from squeezing the juice container , but not so big to be a lot heavier than the juice itself . The handles also really help her hold it . I wish there were more color options as this is a really vibrant blue , and we would like something that was a little less obvious -LRB- perhaps white -RRB- . Overall , I love this product , and if it were available in different colors , it would get 5 stars .
 I do n't know what else to say about the `` dwink '' juice box holders ... they are fantastic ! My child uses them with ease . I feel safe allowing juice boxes in the car . Way cool product !
 I 'm new to kids products and I 've bought EVERY juice box holder available . I am not kidding ! I read some reviews that the really small juice boxes do n't fit . They do ! If you turn the juice box 90 degrees -LRB- like the instructions say -RRB- , then they fit perfectly . It is INGENIOUS . I think the dwink box holder is the ONLY holder that fits the super small juice boxes really snuggly -LRB- if that 's a word ! -RRB- . Just look at the picture of the dwink holder with the juice box in it .
 We own 2 of the Dwink juice boxes and I love them !!! They fit any size juice box -LRB- including a caprisun -RRB- and it is a lifesaver in the car -LRB- we keep one in the house and one in the car -RRB- . The handles on both sides make it easy for kids to hang on to and they are extremely durable . THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY PARENT !
 Love this product . My son tries , but ca n't squeeze the liquid out of his juice or soy milk boxes . He also has not figured out how to remove the boxes either . He can , however , drink easily while using `` dwink box '' with little supervision . Love the big hole at the bottom for easy adult removal and washing .
 We own a half-dozen of these boxes for our girl . What sets the Dwink boxes apart from other boxes is that they work both for juice boxes and juice bags . In our experience , kids have only ever held the handles -LRB- it 's the natural place to hold the box and they 've got a good feel -RRB- . Never a mess . Never a problem . These are so invaluable that we keep one with us at all times . Highly recommended .
 My sister in law thanks me every time she sees me , her baby girl can not sleep without the slumber bear . Great !!
 Was given as a gift for a newborn . I was able to see the item once it was unpackaged and it was soft and adorable
 Great item for helping baby sleep . We have taken the noisemaker out of the bear and use it just by itself . It is too big of a pain to always open the bear to turn on and off .
 With my oldest son , I had a similar product , so I definitely wanted to find this for my new addition . I am SO glad I did.To be honest , I do n't really need the bear . If I could just get the little mechanism inside , that would be perfect because you really should n't have anything in the crib or bassinet anyway . I just use the part that makes the sound and it works like a charm . At night , if my son seems like he is about to wake up , I can usually get another hour of sleep by leaning over into his bassinet and swatting the machine to turn it on . Loud sounds and being tapped trigger it to turn on . It lulls my little guy back to sleep and I get a few more zzz 's . For nap time , I stopped rocking my son to sleep . Instead , I swaddle him and turn on the vibrations for him and he falls asleep . It 's so much easier than getting him to fall asleep in my arms and then having him wake up once I set him down.I 've been using it for three months and have n't had to replace the batteries . It 's the only baby item I have that is still on its first set of batteries !
 My sister is due in about a month . My sister in law delivered another niece in two months ago . Both of them have this in their nurseries . The two-month old niece loves sleeping with this . Both sister and sister in law have said that if they could steal it without guilt and use for themselves , they would . I have to admit that it 's pretty soothing to listen to . Maybe I should get one for my puppy who wriggles around on my bed every night . -LRB- Or for me to sleep right through it -RRB- . Seriously , I am thinking about having an extra one here at my home for baby-sitting purposes . It 's that soothing . : -RRB-
 we bought the bear shortly after our son was born 5 ys ago . It worked wonders . The womb sounds really did work to help him fall asleep . Then we used it when our daughter was born 19mos later . She got attached to the bear , and it became her security bear . Almost 3.5 yrs later , many washings -LRB- in the washing machine -RRB- , a patch and a very large hole later `` bear bear '' had to be replaced . So , the bear fairy came and fixed Bear Bear like new . She takes it with her everywhere . A + + + + + product for newborns and older .
 It 's a very adorable bear we have n't hooked him up and played the sounds yet but so far so good . There was initially an issue with with the first item shipped but the seller resolved the issue quickly . Thanks !
 The bear is cute , and it really does help my preemie son sleep ... it is comforting to me too , to know it is there and if he cries it comes on by itself ... I like the silkie idea too ... I had read that some NICUs recommend this type of bonding aide ... they arent supposed to think it is you , but it helps soothe them with your smell ... We used to do that with pets , I never imagined it could work for babies too !!! I recommend this .
 This womb bear is a life saver before I recieved it getting my baby to sleep was such a hassel but now all I have to do is lay the bear beside him and he falls right to sleep !
 this is the third bear I have bought . The first one went thru 3 children and they all hated to give it up , as far as I know it is still with the youngest and still working .
 It was a nice present for my friend , but I ca n't say the result yet - she has n't delivered the baby yet : -RRB-
 This is a great item . Highly recommended . The bear is sooo cute and soft . It can easily be washed when needed and you have the option of attaching it to crib side rather than having to lay it in crib with baby . The swishing sounds are realistic and it comes with volume controls . Love it !!!!
 This is a great item ! My 3 week old daughter loves to sleep on my chest and I was having a hard time getting her down at night ... She only wanted to sleep on me ! We have attached it to the side of her crib and for the last week we have been able to just put her down and when she moves or cries it automatically comes on to sooth her ! It has been a lifesaver for both me and my husband ! I highly recommend this item , My husband and I now have our nights to ourselves and she is content with the noise of the heartbeat and it doesnt have to be me : -RRB-
 I actually bought this for a girlfriend that is having a baby , but my son has one of his own . I love this bear . It 's so soft and he love 's to hug and touch it all the time . It 's really great that the sounds play when activated by my son 's voice/cry . You have so many sound choices to choose from , but I particularly love the music . It 's very soothing .
 We have this hanging on the baby 's crib and it 's very soothing for the baby . One thing I did though was actually pulled the little speaker device out so it hangs outside of the bear 's belly and it makes it nice and loud because it is n't being muffled from the inside stuffing of the bear . PLUS , it 's then much more sensitive to pick up sounds that will then , set it off again . I can be talking quietly in the room and it will set it off.The down-side to this product is if you do keep the little speaker tucked in and closed up inside the bear , it 's a pain in the butt to turn the device on -- it 's not easy to get to the on button . I suppose you could leave it on the entire time but there 's times when you do n't really want the thing on .
 This is a great item for a baby 's nursery ! It comes in pink , blue and cream , and it looks just as good -LRB- if not better -RRB- in person , quality wise and adorableness , as it does in the online photo . It features a sound box which plays the sound of a heartbeat -LRB- it was recorded intrauterine -RRB- to sooth the baby with its familiar sound , and the sound box can be placed inside the bear or used on its own , attached to the top of the crib . It has a volume control and velcro strap to attach it with.The slumber bear also comes with a silkie , which is worn by a parent to absorb their smell , then put next to the baby to help it both bond to the parents , and sooth the baby.The best feature is that if the baby wakes up and cries after the heartbeat stops -LRB- it has a self timer to save the battery -RRB- it autotically restarts!This is a great gift for expectant moms , as a shower gift . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had received this as a shower gift for our first daughter , but I never actually used it until we had our second daughter in March 2009 . Our baby was not sleeping and was inconsolable for hours at night . Our pediatrician recommended we read The Happiest Baby on the Block . I did , and it changed my life ! The author suggests that we need to recreate the womb for our newborns . In addition to swinging , sucking , swaddling -LRB- VERY important -RRB- , holding her on her side or stomach , and shhhing , this heartbeat sound was exactly what she needed when she woke up in the middle of the night . You do n't really need the bear , so our older daughter got that . I took the sound machine out and have it close to the baby 's head . When she wakes , it turns on and soothes her back to sleep . She is 7 weeks old now and has been sleeping through the night -LRB- 7-8 hours -RRB- since she was 5 weeks old . I definitely recommend this product , just be sure to swaddle your baby as this will not put her to sleep , but it will help her fall back asleep . And as any new parent knows , that 's all you can really hope for .
 The bear works well , but I wish the sound would go for a longer period of time . It only plays for 5 minutes , which is n't enough to get my little one to sleep .
 This is the best thing ever . My grand-daughter is 8 days old and it soothes her to sleep . It shuts off after a period of time but if she gets fussy it starts again to soothe her . It is just an AWESOME product and I totally recommend it for newborns .
 I had known before I even got pregnant that this time around I was going to get one of these bears . I had gotten something similar for a friend when she had her baby just from my local walmart -- however it just had fake hearbeat sounds and other soothing sounds . When I saw this bear and read that it was invented by a DR and it is actual womb sounds recorded inside a pregnant mothers womb-I was amazed . It was even less than the one I bought for my friend ! I am about 8 months pregnant and just ordered it for my baby boy and wow , , it is so cute . Not only is it adorable , but the sounds are just amazing , and the motion/sound sensor works wonderful . We have a 2 year old that will be sharing a room with the baby , and he even loves the bear and is angry it is not his . The lil silky blanky it comes with is very cute as well . Completely 100 % worth the money !
 I was skeptical when I bought this product . My new born hated it the first couple times I used it . He is 2 months old and he now absolutely loves it . It helps him calm down , relax and fall asleep while we are on the go . He hates it in his crib . But , loves it in the car and stroller . I totally recommend this bear .
 The best bear out there ... hypoallergenic -- so you do n't need to worry about allergies -- safe for a newborn . I recommend buying more than one -- we have one infant and a toddler -- and 4 bears . You always need backups for kid 's favorite toys !
 Grandson loved this so much he had to have it everywhere he went . fortunatley it was small enough it fit well in bag .
 This bear has been great with my newborn son ... I love that it automatically turns on when he begins to stir so he usually goes back to sleep - allowing me to remain asleep.My only regret is that I did n't know about this when my daughter was a newborn !
 This little bear was a life saver . It was the difference between our son sleeping on our chest all night or sleeping in his basinet . I think every new parent should have this .
 I use this with my 5 week old who requires a little help falling asleep . While this product does n't help him fall asleep , more importantly it plays the role of helping him stay asleep ! The sound is comforting and helps him resettle while going through the newborn sleep cycles . The downside to this product is that the sounds go for 5 minutes . The movement activation of sound does n't help when it 's hanging on the crib . The voice activation is something I have n't really seen work yet ... and either way that means the baby needs to wake up for the product to work . It would be nice for a longer sleep mode -LRB- i.e. 15 min. , 30 min . -RRB- . All in all though , it 's a good buy !
 I was skeptical if it would really work since I did not purchase it to use when she was 1st born & was using it at 6 weeks old . I was wondering if she would be stimulated by the womb sound at all , would she remember it 6 weeks out ? She sure did !!! Totally helps at putting her to sleep every night , it has a drone sound effect and even puts me to sleep . I only use the box & am saving the bear for her to use as a toy later , BTW the bear is HUGE . The silky blanket is kinda ugly so we do n't bother with that at all . The box Velcros securely to her newborn napper & since it is not inside the bear the sound is much louder & the automatic turn on system works much better ! It turns on by itself with her cries or is she gives it a good kick in her napper . I love how I can reach over half asleep and just tap it to start if I hear her starting to fuss . I just wished the sound would last longer than just 5 mins but overall a awesome product that gives me plenty more sleep !
 This little bear is perfect for my grandson . He takes it every where he goes . Good product and value . You can always find it on Amazon !
 I brought this as a baby gift for a friend . She was very pleased with it and said it did the trick helping her put and keep her little girl to sleep !
 This is the fourth Slumber Bear I have purchased for expectant moms , recommended to me originally by a new mother . The bear can be attached to the crib or just left in a corner and moved to bassinet , stroller , etc. . The wombs sounds are supposed to be soothing to the new baby . My granddaughter 's parents used hers for many months.The current mom to be wanted a neutral color , but the bear can be purchased with a blue or pink blanket as well .
 I do n't believe in any of those `` magic answer '' sleep solutions . I think it comes down to the law of averages - some of the solutions will work for some of the kids , but lots of the solutions wo n't work for lots of the kids . And of course the seller of the `` solution '' will showcase the some that it worked for in their marketing - they wo n't tell us anything about the lots that it did n't work for . But , back to the point at hand - I was very skeptical about this bear . But we 've had success every time we put our little one down to sleep with the bear near her . Before , we had to hold her and rock her until she was sound asleep . Unless she was totally out for the count she would wake up as soon as we put her down . Now , we can put her down still awake , turn on the bear and she lies there calmly and pretty soon drifts off . Magic.My one complaint is that it turns off after five minutes . I think that 's too soon . I think 15-20 minutes would be much better , but maybe that 's just me . It does turn back on again when the baby kicks it .
 I ordered Prince Lionheart for my grandson . My daughter said he was having a hard time falling asleep and staying asleep for more then an hour . I thought since he slept best when cuddled up on her this product might help . It did help . He now sleeps six hours a night ! The order shipped quickly and arrived earlier then originally stated which was a huge plus !
 I was so excited to get this in the mail ! My little girl loves the little silky blanket it comes with , so we decided to get one for her baby brother ! She was so thrilled to open the box and give her brother his new blue silky !
 This is a great item . I found out about it on the `` Baby Whisperer '' forums . We have this hung on the side of my baby 's crib where her feet can kick it -LRB- and start it -RRB- when she fidgets . Sometimes she will wake and start to fidget and when this comes on she settles right down and goes back to sleep . We also turn it on for her as part of our routine to signal that it is time to go to sleep . The first time we used it she was two weeks old and she was n't settling down . When we turned it on she perked up , listened intently , and then practically melted into my shoulder ! She went off to sleep pretty quickly after that.It is a shame it only runs for five minutes , but I 've found that my baby tends to kick it when it shuts off . We hear it run multiple times during the night also . If it did n't shut off after five minutes it would run the batteries out even quicker.Ah yes , the great problem with this product ... . We go through a set of four AAA batteries every three days with this ! Thankfully we got ourselves some rechargeables , but even then you need two sets so one can charge while you use the other one.I did n't find the silkie particulaly useful . Maybe when she is older she 'll want it for something , but right now we ca n't put it close to her without it being a hazard and she does n't seem to know it exists if it is n't very close . Perhaps other babies will be different.The sound box is not very loud when it is inside the bear . We ended up taking it out and hanging it by it 's velcro strip to the bear 's arm so that it could be turned towards our baby.A great feature of this product is that the sound becomes more and more faint as the battery dies . This way she can still hear it , but we know that the batteries need changing.There is an on and off switch and a volume control knob.In our house this has been very well worth the purchase price . Very worthwhile !
 The previous reviewer was a bit harsh on this product . Maybe it does n't work with colicky babies , but my son did n't have colic and he really enjoyed the sounds . My only negative was that the sound shut off too quickly . 5 minutes at the most . To be truly effective , it needs to play longer . It also successfully lulled my husband and I back to sleep when my son was in his bassinet in our room , so that 's an added bonus ! It 's definitely not something to make high priority , but if you get it as a gift or can borrow on , I would definitely recommend it . Oh and by the way , ALL of the techniques shown in Happiest Baby on the Block work like a charm . Maybe not on colicky babies though ...
 This device had my child falling asleep after he had woken up in the middle of the night - because it 's sound activated by the babies cries . I know of no other soother that you do n't have to get up and turn on . The white noise sounds of the womb comforted my child and it saved me quite a bit of sleep .
 This is the single best , must have baby item I have seen . We use it with our now 6 month old baby . When she was only 4 days old we started using it . Our baby was sleeping through the night in the first month . When she would awaken at night , she would drift back to sleep within minutes . We take this item with us when we go to grandparents or on any trips .
 I was n't too sure how well it would work with my son since the sounds do shut off after only 5 minutes , but somehow he manages to kick or move the soundbox to turn it back on and once it starts going , he is OUT ! This is the only way he will sleep in his crib and I 've also found that it is very useful to have when he is at the sitter 's . I think it comforts him to have a `` mommy '' sound nearby when mommy ca n't be there . It 's only been a few days , but so far , it 's a hit !
 When my twins were infants , I was given a bear very similar to this one . Initially , I put them in the same crib with the bear between them . They always found their way to the bear and had their little heads pushed up against the bear while they slept . I think it was very comforting for them because they took 2 naps per day for at least 4 years . Of course , they had their own cribs after they were a few months old but my little Whitney seemed to need the comfort of the heartbeat more than David . That was over twenty years ago . Now , Whitney has one for her little boy on-the-way . A definite best buy for the new mommy and child .
 We recieved this as a gift and at first did n't think much about using it as it might be just one of those gimmicks . Our baby is now 3-1/2 months old and we are still using it . We noticed almost right away that when we turned it on he would settle down and go back to sleep . It was n't long before he began moving enough to bump it and set it off by himself which was great . Now we can hear it go off all through the night and he usually settles down each time . While you might not see a difference the first few times , hang in there and keep using it and I think you will see how well it works . We have friends who just had triplets and we are getting one for them as we know they are going to need all the help they can get .
 We now own 5 of these amazing little bears.My 4 year old was rewarded with a new slumber bear when she was 1 year old , and at 4 years old now - her and her family of bears are inseparable.Soft , cuddly , and amazingly cute-looking , these soothed my kids like no other toy could.The noisemaker inside the teddy emits a constant and comforting rushing sound - supposed to mimic the sounds of the womb . Believe me - it is a much better sound than a screaming baby ! Now that they are older , we have removed the soundmaker from teddy 's tummy , and it has become a cuddly friend to share their bed.What 's more , they come in blue , pink , and original beige . They wear well - we still have her original bear that has lasted through 4 years of all kinds of mistreatment .
 I ca n't tell you how many times I 've given this as a gift and , after the baby arrived , received a phone call about how wonderful it is ! We used it with our newborn . I had him in a co-sleeper alongside our bed , so there were no slats to hang the bear on . With that said , I ca n't really comment on the bear part . We ended up taking the sound box out and tucking it in the corner of his sleeper . It was like a miracle in helping him to sleep . Yes , it is on a timer and wo n't continue on endlessly -LRB- I do wish this were n't the case -RRB- , but all you have to do is tap it and it will turn back on . So , if he did n't fall asleep the first round I 'd simply tap the box again and it would start up . The co-sleeper was nice for this , as I was right next to him . No matter the work you have to do to make this work , it still is kind of like a little miracle in a box !
 I remember using a similar bear 24 years ago -LRB- back then I believe it was called the womb bear -RRB- for my daughter . It was the newest thing out and I had to have it . I was so glad I bought it because my daughter really loved the womb sounds and it made her quiet right down when I turned it on . Now 24 years later my daughter is having her own daughter in about 6 weeks , and I looked and read reviews on so many of these type of products . This one has the actual intra-uterine , recorded womb sounds . It features an audio pacifier with an actual recording made inside a mother 's womb . It was invented by a doctor and used in hospital nurseries for over 27 years . I listened to a lot of these bears , lambs , giraffe 's , etc. . Most of them just played very poor sounding heartbeats and other sounds I do n't think a newborn would even respond to let alone be soothed by . I highly recommend this particular bear to anyone who is looking for a product that soothes newborn babies by hearing womb sounds that they have listened to for 9 months in their mommies tummy . I even bought a second one for my daughter-in-law in blue for my new grandson.Prince Lionheart Original Slumber Bear with Silkie Blanket - Pink
 My mother sent this to me when my daughter was first born . I tossed it to the back of the closet and wrote it off as a gimmick . We really did n't need it right away . It was n't until she was a little older that we started having sleep issues . For more than eight months we struggled . First we struggled to get her to fall asleep , then we struggled to get her to stay asleep . Our pediatrician did n't think there was anything we could do . There were nights when she woke up nearly once an hour . I pulled this out and put it on her crib one night . Every time she woke up , moved around , or started to cry , the bear would go off . She would fall back to sleep in minutes . Two months later and it still works great ! Now she sleeps through the night.The only reason I give this product 4 out of 5 stars is because it eats through batteries pretty quickly .
 Its very cute but I had wanted one that you could record your own heart beat this product has its own pre recorded but its still a good product
 ... besides diapers and wipes of course : -RRB- The slumber bear is a great addition to any babies room.The bear makes a wooshing sound that was taped from a real womb.It really makes our infant calm down and soothes him if he wakes up from a nap or at night.I highly recommend this bear to everyone .
 Arrived in great time and baby loves it . soft and sounds lull baby to sleep .
 This is what we buy for our friends who are new parents like us . We used this from day 1 at home . Our son have slept thru the nite from 11PM to 5AM since after the first week at home with this sound and good swaddling .
 This is absolutely amazing ! My son has colic , and was only sleeping about an hour or 2 at a time at night , without being held . The night I got this , I transitioned him into his crib and he slept 4 hrs ! I especially love the motion sensor on it !
 excellent price , fast delivery , easy to use , worked well for my mini schnauzer.I would highly recommend , for small dogs or children .
 This gate was exactly what we needed as it was for an extra wide door opening . Easily installed and good quality . Sturdy enough for small dogs or puppies , but large dogs would probably break when fully extended .
 All in all I am very happy with my purchase . The gate arrived pretty quick , about four days after ordering it . The gate itself was not a full 96 '' wide as advertised , but the way the hook screw extends from the wall it worked out just perfect . I have a four pound chihuahua who I needed to keep off of the carpet so this gate worked perfectly . The gate is very delicate , so if someone was purchasing this for a large dog or a baby I do not think this gate would be the right choice , unless perhaps you find a way to secure the gate to the ground as well . The product is definitely worth the price and I would order it again .
 I purchased this gate to try to save my furniture and carpet . My little dog had many accidents and I needed to be able to try to minimize the damage and block off parts of the house . The opening I wanted this for was very wide so this gate has been perfect . It was easy to install and is easy to open and close to pass through and still leave the gate standing . It is also simple to remove if I were to have people over and wanted the gate removed . I worried that the slats might be wide enough to allow a tiny animal through but it was perfect ! The only thing I would suggest to someone buying this to purchase the plastic inserts for securing the screws into a wall . I did have to go buy some because one of the screws pulled from the wall and , though it was n't expensive or difficult to get them , I was n't sure what size I needed for the screws . It would certainly be nice if the appropriate ones came with the hardware packet but I suggest you get some . Otherwise this has been the perfect answer to my problem and has saved my home !
 Purchased this item to use in my kitchen for my dog . I had a hard time finding one long enough . This one was perfect !
 Just what we needed for our wide opening . The package arrived safely ; installation took me about 20 mins . Since I was securing it to drywall on one side , I had to use my own drywall anchors as they were not included -- no big deal . Most of the install time was just finding the anchors , the right drill bit , and marking the walls . It 's been up for a week and has kept our 2 puppies safely corralled in the kitchen . We just step over it rather than swing it open .
 This is a really good gate because it 's wide and tall enough to keep your pet -LRB- s -RRB- enclosed . The only drawback that I have was that since it is made out of wood , I wish it were a little heavier . But overall , I give it 4 stars because it 's easy to install and does the job .
 I 've had this gate now for about a month . It 's a little tricky to put up , but once it 's up , it is beautiful and very secure.It 's just the right height that my older cat can jump over , and my little min pin ca n't .
 a good gate for the money so far my one year old can not get though it only bad thing you have to make holes in your wall and make sure you have a stud to screw into where you are going to mount to wall
 This gate is used to contain 2 golden retrievers , and has been doing a great job . Easy to install , sturdy , and great for large opening between two rooms .
 Perfect for what we needed it for -LRB- keeping little elderly dogs out from under foot in the kitchen -RRB- !! Great value , but not for people who have dogs that will constantly push against the gate or puppies who chew .
 Very wide gate , perfect for every doorway and tall enough so my puppy ca n't escape .
 gate arrived very fast , very good quality . just a bit short -LRB- by &#60; &#62; 2 &#34; -RRB- easily fixed . Does the trick for what we needed !
 We adopted a dog who has a curious nature and lots of energy . Due to the open layout of our home , a typical baby gate was not enough to contain this pup in the kitchen area . This was the only product I found that was long enough . Now , if she gets smart enough -LRB- which I worry she will -RRB- this gate wont stop her . Its not terribly high or strong . One good push and its going over , luckily it seems she is n't interested in the barrier . If you have a jumpy dog this mostly likely wont stop them , but a smaller dog , or one who respects boundaries , this will be great .
 the gate was just what we were looking for and the company was promp and took care of us very well !
 This swing is wonderful for my 1 month old girl . She likes being in the horizontal position so the way the swing is designed is perfect for her . although , I do think that the swing should be adjustable so she can sit more upright in the future . The size is fantastic ! I have a very small house so I could n't get one of the mongo designs . Plus , It is very easy to move room to room . The mobile is very interesting to her and is positioned in the perfect distance and position for a newborn . I can see it beeing a problem though in the future when she gets bigger and more mobile , because it is so close to the cradle . I would deffinitly reccomend this swing for newborns , but not so much for the older , & larger baby
 I 'm glad I did n't read the reviews here before I bought this swing because if I had , I might have chosen a different product . I really wanted the full sized Rainforest swing but it was out of my price range , plus I wanted it for soothing my daughter , not stimulating , and it seemed like the full sized had a bit too much going on for that . I 'm wondering if Fisher Price has improved the item since some of these reviews were written as I 'm not finding any of the problems other reviewers describe . First , the seat is not horizontal , obviously it 's not a 90 upright chair because it 's a swing but the head is considerably higher than the foot , even when the swing is at its furthest arc -LRB- it is just about possible to put it on backwards , in which case it would hang with the foot slightly higher than the head -RRB- . The toys do not fall off the mobile roof , in fact when I had to take it apart to return the first one I bought -LRB- faulty screw would not come out of the battery compartment - company exchanged with no question -RRB- I had trouble getting them off . To be fair , it 's not a mobile , it 's a toy bar but the moption of the swing whips the brightly colored toys around giving baby something visual to look at without it being overly distracting . I do n't notice a huge amount of difference in the incremental speeds though the first and fifth are quite different . My daughter is 11lbs and 2 months and it fits her well with what looks like plenty of room to grow , and her weight does n't seem to slow it down much . In fact when we first turned it on I thought even the slowest speed looked a bit too fast but she does n't seem to mind . The music is a bit tinny and annoying but you can mentally tune it out after a while - it 's not rainforest sounds either , just a medley of the usual suspects -LRB- Beautiful Dreamer , Twinkle Twinkle Little Star etc. -RRB- with some birds sounds and frog noises added . It 's very easy to put together out of the box , it all clicks together quite securely and there are just two screws to tighten . The swing mechanism clicks while it 's running sometimes but I discovered that if you gently pull the legs out to make sure they are fully extended -LRB- just a millimeter or two can make the difference -RRB- the clicking goes away . All in all I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 My daughter is now 9 months old , and we do n't use this swing as much , but we certainly got our money 's worth out of it . Living in a small space , it 's perfect . It hardly takes up any floor space , which is great , and also folds up easily to be stored away . For this reason , it 's also easy to move from room to room , which proved to be a great way to keep our daughter entertained and close to us . The batteries seem to have lasted us a long time . For a few of her first nights she slept in this swing for hours , when nothing else worked , and the battery life never failed us ! We also did not feel like she was ever moving faster than she enjoyed , which is a problem others have experienced . This swing got us through some tough nights , and also some fun days !
 We use this swing as our main swing . It is portable and easy to move around . The seat is large enough that my daughter can have a toy to play with in it with her . Depending on how much you use it you may have to change the batteries every few weeks . I do n't use the music much but always have it on the highest swing setting . I love this swing becasue I can move it around the house with me .
 Have n't watched the CD yet , but just he books and the plastic memo sheet is very usuful for the new moms .
 I love this kit . My trays have not warped and the cubes come out so easily after running the frozen trays under warm water for a couple minutes . The book is very easy to follow . If you 're not a cook and you 're a busy first-time parent , this is a great kit of the great recipe book , 2 trays and a quick , informative DVD . The DVD is a little cheesy , but it was still helpful . All you need left is a blender/food processor , a microwave/stove , spatula/spoon , and a freezer.I made pureed apples and peaches . Following the instructions was super easy . I have anxiety whenever I hear the word `` cooking '' , so it was nice to see this so user-friendly . Unfortunately after a few tries of pureed food , we realized that my baby does n't like to be fed with a spoon and has no interest in pureed food ! By the way , we just started solids . So now , we have to dice food for her so she can self-feed . Still , buying this package has n't been a total loss , because now I have a book that tells me which foods to introduce and when during which age range . And , how many microwave minutes needed , etc. . All in all a great book to have .
 Loved this set - bought shortly after having my daughter and made most of her food at home using the easy to follow cookbook and trays - saved time , money and hassle from going to the store and picking out jars ... plus I could add spices and herbs as she got older to get her used to different tastes . Way better than the `` steam and puree all-in-one '' systems that are more expensive - so unnecessary . This is inexpensive and overall saves time since you cook a bunch of food at one time and simply reheat cubes later in the week as you need them ! The DVD is really a one-time use , its a pretty simple system so theres no need to watch it more than once but it 's helpful for a first time mom who appreciated the visual . My daughter is almost 2 now so I do n't use the trays nearly as much but they do send you a list of great ideas for uses as the kids outgrow puree . And I do actually still use the trays on occasion to freeze pureed pumpkin to add to oatmeal and yogurt for her and she loves it . I also still use the cookbook weekly for cooking times for her veggies since I still cook in bulk and freeze to reheat later . The only thing I would suggest is not to pay too much attention to the `` age guidelines '' for different foods . As soon as my doctor said it was ok to introduce solid foods , I dove into all kinds of veggies and fruits . Following the `` wait till they 're 8 mos for this veggie and 12 mos for that one , etc '' only contributes to a picky eater later . Also purchased this set for my sister-in-law who just had a baby . Overall highly recommended !
 I used this kit for my now 3.5 yr old DD to introduce her to solid foods at 6 months old . It is true that a good online search for info and containers could provide the same materials contained in this kit . However , I appreciated having a simple plan already put together for me as back then I did n't have a lot of time to narrow down the massive amount of online recipes and websites devoted to making babyfood . I wanted a tangible laminated book I could lay flat on my counter when making the recipes . I plan on using this same book and trays for baby # 2 due this summer . My favorite part is how the recipes are listed in an easy to follow order of what foods are recommended in what order and when its appropriate to add seasonings etc. . . This book provides a great basic plan for any parent attempting to make babyfood for the first time . There are other books with more elaborate recipes , nutrional information , or specific dietary guidelines , but this is a great starting point . It did n't really matter if the book went into detail that organic is better or that steaming is an alternative to using the microwave . I just wanted a simple , easy to follow plan that I could personalize as I saw fit .
 Love this set ! Only wish it came with one more ice cube tray and that they were Ok to use in the dishwasher . The book is wonderful , gives great recipes and breakdowns for what foods are safe for what ages . Did not watch the DVD since the book is so thorough . I make a weeks worth of food in about an hour and save tons on not buying canned baby food .
 I purchased this because I thought it would be a helpful guide since I was going to be making all of my daughter 's baby food . The book was helpful and so were the freezer trays . However the chart and dvd disc were like common sense things , I could have done without those two things , but if you have n't got a clue where to start when it comes to making your own baby food then watch the DVD first.The freezer trays worked wonderfully and I never had a problem getting the frozen foods out of them . Just run the back of the tray under warm water for about 30 secs and thats pretty much all it takes to loosen the food cubes.Overall this is a very nice starter set for anyone looking to make their own baby food at home .
 Simplifies making homemade baby food . Everything is done in the microwave . I do 4-5 types of foods in one evening and freeze everything in the trays . Lasts me 3-4 weeks spending less than 1 hour making everything ! I bought extra trays to make it a little easier to make bulk .
 With my first baby I was so intimidated by the thought of making my own baby food , ESPECIALLY since I was working full-time . A friend gifted this to me and I 'm so glad ! It really IS quick and easy and I know exactly what my kids are eating . I 'm on baby # 2 and I still love this product ! The cook book gives super-easy instructions for making the food -LRB- um , microwave and blender ... could it be simpler ?! -RRB- and the stage-by-stage guide for foods for baby is an incredible reference for me.If you 're hesitant to try this with your baby , just take a stroll down the baby food aisle and read the backs of the jars . Sure , there really are n't a lot of weird ingredients on there -LRB- meaning , mostly it is FOOD -RRB- , but have you seen how many of the jarred 3rd foods have carrots as one of the main ingredients ? Nothing wrong with carrots , but I did n't realize I was giving them to my kids 3x a day . It 's really nice to know exactly what your kids are eating with this system.If you 're thinking that you should just get the cookbook and use regular ice cube trays for the foods , please click `` read all my reviews '' next to my name and read my review of the trays . They are integral to the ease-of-use of this system ! I even bought 2 more on Amazon so I could make even more food at once.The DVD was really helpful to ease my fears about this being complicated or something that only a stay-at-home mom with tons of time could do . When they say 30 minutes a week , they mean it ! I 'd even say the 30 minutes includes clean-up . This is a great gift for yourself or a friend and I plan on getting it for my sister to use with her new baby . I 'd pass mine along to her but it 's such a great product I 'm hanging on to it !
 I am very pleased with this purchase . It helped me know exactly what to do step by step and is very easy to follow . I thought the DVD was helpful , and the trays work out very well for freezing the food in one ounce quantities so you can mix and match different flavors as you learn what your baby likes . I would recommend this to anyone planning on making their own baby food for the first time .
 The trays are great and easy to use . The recipes are really basic and simple .
 This system is the best for making fresh baby food at home!The book uses chapters to show you which foods to introduce at the appropriate ages . The first chapter is first foods , and features easily-digestible foods like acorn squash and pears . As the book progresses with the baby 's age , the food variety increases to include things like asparagus and black beans . The final chapters introduce berries and nuts for babies over 12 months . There is no meat in the system , but they do have tofu.The book tells you exactly how many of a fruit or veggie to buy , what to look for in selecting fresh produce , and step-by-step instructions on how to clean , peel , cook and puree the food for your baby . It is an excellent guide , even for the novice shopper/food preparer . It does n't miss a step!They also make suggestions on which spices can be added to the food while cooking for flavor variety . For instance , they tell you how much cinnamon to add to your cooking apples to get delicious cinnamon applesauce . This makes for delicious taste-tempters like vanilla pears and ginger yams that babies ca n't resist!To add even more variety to your baby 's diet , the book suggests `` medleys '' which are combinations of foods that go well together . Once you have introduced both foods separately , you can create a medley for an interesting variation.Major pros of this system :1 - Save money ! Buying fresh produce in season and making your own baby food from it is sooooo much cheaper than buying all of those little jars .2 - Baby is healthier ! Commercial jarred baby foods contain fillers that have no nutritional value . They also can contain pesticides and preservatives . I do n't want my baby eating any of that ! 3 - Food tastes better ! Have you ever tried jarred baby food ? Blech ! It does n't taste anything like the food it 's supposed to be ! No wonder baby spits it out - I would too . The pureed foods from this system are fresh and tasty , and baby will love them . An excerpt from the front of the book
 I like the layout of the book and the suggestions of combining different food together and what age is appropriate for the combination . The green tabs that divided the age sections are also very helpful.This book only shows how to cook food using a microwave and nothing else . That 's why I gave a 4 stars . The trays are easy to use and easy to pop the cubes out . The note that comes with the trays suggests that the trays to be washed by hands and not by the dishwasher to avoid warping . I 've been washing them by hands and do n't see any warping at this point.I also purchased `` The Petit Appetit Cookbook
 This kit is a great way for Moms and Dads to make their own baby food . The video is a tad cheesy and not totally necessary but the Cworkbook -LRB- tad cheesy name for the book -RRB- is great . The `` recipes '' tell you how to pick out the best produce -LRB- feel , look -RRB- and also how to ripen and store the produce . A lot of this info has been helpful for my own use!The book sort of downplays the benefits of organic produce but it makes some good points . As a Mom of an allergenic child , it would have been nice to have info on what produce is higher on the ` allergenic scale ' than others . I also would have liked to see some info on how to pick and prepare meats for those who choose to give their children meat.The trays are excellent , the recipes are great and also the notes on what spices you can add after 8 months and 12 months is great.I highly recommend this . I think I might buy a couple more trays !
 This is an excellent kit . I bought one for myself and was able to make baby food while working full time and being pregnant . It really takes no time at all , it is much cheapier then buying baby food and you are open to a wide range of foods to introduce your baby to . I now by this for all my baby shower gifts !
 I toyed with the idea of making homemade baby food , and then I met the creator of this product at a seminar and she convinced me to give it a try . There are so many benefits to doing it -- from greater nutrition to greater variety to saving money . Not to mention modeling your baby 's palatte to include fresh and healthy foods as opposed to the processed taste of bottled baby foods.The book and DVD are super helpful and the system could n't be easier . You are given instructions on how to pick out the given produce item at the market , how much to buy to create the number of servings , how to store it , how to cook it , and various ways to serve it to your baby at different stages . You will be amazed -- you will be licking the spoon after you scoop it into the provided trays . Speaking of which , I love that they are made in the USA with all the scary things you read about products made in China these days.Definitely give it a try .
 I liked the kit however , for less money you can buy just the hardcover book . You 're not really getting anything extra by buying the kit except a dvd thats not all that helpful -LRB- same info in book -RRB- and ice cube like trays -LRB- you can just use regular trays -RRB- . Very easy recipes and easy to get started . Overall good product
 I had so many questions in regard to making and feeding my baby home made fresh baby food . This kit was soo helpful . I dont eat veggies nor do I know how to pick out what 's fresh or in good shape . The Cworkbook made it soo easy . It tells you everything you need to know from picking the right vegetables & fruit , Prep , cooking , grinding and storing . It also gives you background on so much more in regard to your childs nutrition and health.The food trays are great too . They are the perfect size . If you tend to make bigger batches as I do , the two trays wont be enough . You cant either buy more of these trays , which the lid is really helpful . Or use regualr ice cube trays and sliding them into a ziploc bag for a fresh freeze.All in all this was an awesome kit nad I reccomend it to all of my friends . Have fun making your baby 's food . It is such a rewarding treat for your child . It is also rewarding for you , you control the ingrediants and the cost . It is so much more cost effective than buying bottles . Good luck and have fun !
 The cookbook is simple and easy to read . It is marked out well w/markings on the side of the page for easy reference . The `` recipes '' are arranged by age group which is nice.Now the `` recipes '' simply tell you how to cook , puree , and freeze the baby food . -LRB- I do n't really need a cookbook to tell me that -RRB- But the book is arranged for easy reference . I can look up and see how many apples I will need to make two trays of apple puree . There are charts and tips for traveling w/your baby in reference to feeding . Etc. . There is nothing out of the ordinary that I probably could n't find on-line but I enjoy having everything in one place . The cookbook also has spaces to write in to personalize it for your baby . When he/she stared each food and whether he/she liked it . And it provides variations for each puree and when each item can be introduced . It 's a very basic entry level cookbook but I am glad I got it.The video is kind of cheesy and it just highlights the book . If you enjoy a summary , that 's what the video is . I do n't plan on watching it again . I will refer to the book.The trays seem nice . I just began using them but they worked out well . The lids went on easy and seem firm.I think this product is worth it for the cookbook and the trays . Especially if you can get it on sale.Also , I had a few questions for the authors so I went to their website . My question was answered by them by the next day so that was very helpful as well .
 I am so glad I got this set . I am still learning how to cook in general , and really did n't know anything about making baby food . I have a much older child , and at that time it was just natural to buy jar baby food . I wanted to do better with my new little son , especially since I am really into healthy and organic food.Although I was still intimidated at first , and used organic jar baby food during the first few weeks while my son got used to eating -LRB- and mostly wasted his food -RRB- , I now make all of his baby food -LRB- except carrots , which my baby 's doctor said it 's better to buy for various reasons -RRB- . It does not take long at all - in most cases , you are just cutting fruit or veggies , microwaving it for 3 to 5 minutes , letting it cool , blending , and scooping into trays to freeze . This book will give you an easy system to get it done . If you add a couple trays of new food to your freezer every week , before long you will have a nice selection of fruit and veggies for your baby . Mine is 8 months old now , and it makes me feel really good to know that as a mother who works full time I am still able to give my baby homemade baby food - I do n't worry about what 's in it , and it 's true that compared to jar food it tastes so much better.I usually mix fruit with a rice , oatmeal , or grain cereal for morning and night meal , and do a warm veggie `` soup '' for my baby 's lunch , and he loves everything . I 've found the cooking times for the food in the book to be accurate , if you go too long it might bubble over , so that is nice . And I am very confident in making baby 's food now . Finding a food in the book is also a nice reassurance that it is appropriate for baby , though I am not introducing foods in the exact order listed in this book.I bought 2 other books of baby purees , but so far this book has been all I needed ... sice you only want to introduce one new food at a time , this simple book is enough to keep you busy with a new baby . I like the suggested combinations for mixes , as well . Before long , I may start using the other baby puree books , but honestly it probably wo n't matter to baby , the food I 'm giving him now , though simple combinations , is keeping him healthy and happy . Now I do n't know why I thought making my baby 's food would be hard ... but clearly I needed a little help since like a lot of busy people these days cooking just is n't my area of expertise , and it 's been a long time since I had a baby.Finally , for soft fruits I like to blend with the Kidco electric baby food blender , the size is nice and mixes very well , and is easy to clean . For more chunky fruits or veggies , especially potatos , I am VERY glad I have a Vitamix , which gets it nice and smooth . Also better for large batches . My son has a major gag reflex , so I still have to keep his food VERY smooth/watery/soupy , so this is important . For freezing , I have trays with ice cube size and slightly larger size holes , and both are nice , I like being able to choose larger or smaller portions . I also absolutely love the small 4 oz rubbermaid containers with lids , great for a small portion that you can thaw and mix right in the container for serving , or for when you have enough food left for just one or two containers , do n't want another tray in your freezer.Good luck ! If you are worried making baby food is hard or too time consuming , this will show you otherwise , highly recommended . Even if you have just a little time , you can buy some jar food , and make your own food when you have the time , and then slowly transition to all homemade baby food as you get the hang of it , that 's what I did .
 I bought this set just after my baby turned 6 months . He 's my first , and I knew absolutely nothing about making baby food . The book is particularly useful and gives easy-to-follow instructions , categorizing the `` recipes '' by age so that you have an idea about when to introduce different foods . My child is now almost 11 months , so after using the set for a while , I have some suggestions .1 . You might consider just buying the book . If you have a child who eats a lot -LRB- as mine does -RRB- you probably do n't need the trays at all . It was n't long after starting solid food that I ditched the trays altogether and just refrigerated or froze the food in larger containers . It got to the point where he was eating 6 cubes at a meal -- at only 4 servings per recipe there was n't much point in messing with making and storing cubes . The video only restates the information in the book .2 . Making the food from fresh produce works great and the instructions are great , but a much more cost-effective option is using frozen fruits and vegetables . The investment of prep time and money is significantly less when using bags of frozen food.In all , as a introduction to making baby food , I ca n't imagine a much better option than this book .
 I opted to buy this whole kit instead of just buying the trays for the food , and I am so glad I did . The `` cookbook '' is so helpful . It offers tips on picking out the best of the produce ... what to look for for Apples , Acorn Squash , Butternut Squash , etc. . This part was super helpful for me , because I had never bought any kind of squash before . It also tells how to properly store the food at home before you cook it . Should it ripen on the counter ? In the refrigerator ? Also , they give you suggestions on making medleys once your baby has gone through each individual food . Sweet Potatoes and Bananas go well together . I have been using this system for about 3 weeks now . I have made about 2 months worth of food in a total of maybe 1 hour and spent MAYBE $ 10 on food . It is ridiculously easy . Since you cook the food in the microwave -LRB- which is perfectly safe and just as nutritious as other cooking methods -RRB- , it only takes minutes to prepare . Then just toss it in a food processor and puree . Next spoon the puree into the trays and freeze for 8 hours . I just store the leftover in the fridge until I can use the trays again . I am very happy with this kit .
 Bought this for my daughter-in-law to make food for our first grandchild . She loved it !
 This is great - I really wanted to make my own baby food and this makes it so easy and actually fun . I have been using this for months . I like that the trays are bpa free , and even though you could get your own ice cube trays this book and chart are worth it - so helpful ! And it really only does take about 1/2 hour a week to make and freeze the food and then you pop it in freezer bags and are set ! So much better than jar food , especially with all the concerns about what containers are made of . And this way you know exactly what is -LRB- and is not -RRB- in your baby 's food .
 I absolutely love this . It breaks everything down and it is all in one place , you do n't have to search 10 different websites . I ca n't comment on the DVD as I have n't used it.The only drawback for me was that the book uses mostly the microwave . I 'm not a mircowave person , so I am baking and boiling most of the food . It really is simple and it takes very little time or effort .
 I love this kit ! No need to watch the DVD . The book is easy to read and the instructions are easy to follow . My son loves the fresh baby food and it taste and smells so much better than jarred foods . I only wish the kit came with 4 freezer trays instead of 2 . My son is a big eater , so 24 cubes do n't last too long !
 I love this book as a first time mom . I bought several others and found this to be the most helpful . I like the lists of appropriate fruits and vegetables for each age . The most helpful part of this book is the explanations on each page about how to store and prepare every kind of fruit and vegetable.Caution-it seems ironic that the trays are free from harmful chemicals , like BPA , however the cooking instructions say to use plastic wrap and the microwave . I did not do this . I used this kit to know what fruits and vegetables to prepare , what to mix together , and to use the tray system . I use my Beeba Babycook from Williams Sonoma to prepare the food . See my review at -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Found this to be Very Quick and Easy . The book was very helpful ; I hate to cook and was a little nervous about what the process of making food would be . It was nothing to worry about , VERY easy . I do n't know if you really need the DVD , I am a visual person so it was nice but not necessary . Found the process to be so quick and easy I was willing and ready to do more than one food at a time but did n't have enough trays . I ended up buying more trays only because they had lids on them . I just felt better about the food sitting in the freezer with lids on them , but you could totally use regular ice cube trays too .
 The item is as easy as can be . It 's a real joy seeing your baby eat the fun food that you have made for them . My son loves the food I make for him every day .
 While this kit is common-sense -LRB- as previous reviewers have indicated -RRB- , I like the concept that everything is spelled out & handy . I learn best by watching others & having all the information available at my fingertips.This kit promotes sensible eating . I do n't buy prepared food such as frozen entrees & TV dinners for my husband and me , so why should I for my precious baby . As adults , we know fresh is best for us & it is no different for the smallest member of our family.It is also economical . It cost me $ .91 to make 29 oz of sweet potatoes . Purchasing 5 oz of already prepared baby food cost me $ 1.18 . It 's a great feeling filling up the trays knowing your baby will be eating healthy , preservative-free food while keeping $ $ in your pocket .
 I knew making food would n't be that hard , but I needed something to help me . Having a baby takes up enough time , I do n't have a lot of extra time . This is so easy and quick ! If you want healthy , homemade food for your baby , buy this . The recipes are easy and it comes with the food trays . You wo n't be disappointed.I have n't used this part yet , but there is a memory section about food -LRB- like 1st birthday , etc. -RRB- and each new food has a journal part to it to record when you fed your baby the food and what their reaction was .
 As my title states ... I 'm a 1st time Mommy and I knew I wanted natural foods & not jarred food since I work in Nutrition , however , I had no idea where to begin . Thank goodness for this kit ! I was so nervous the 1st time I tried it but I quickly learned that this book makes the preparation/cooking so easy & FUN !! I absolutely love making the recipes . Besides the recipes , the book suggests herbs & spices that can go with the foods and at what ages to introduce them . It also suggests possible food combinations . Obviously some of the recipes , you do n't need a blender & can just mash them w / a fork but exercise common sense & you 'll only succeed ! I truly love this book/kit !!
 After reading other reviews on this product I decided to purchase it . I was very interested in making my own baby food , but did n't really know where to start . This kit is great ! The book is easy to understand and has lots of useful information . The food storage trays are great too ! I even bought 2 more . I would reccomend purchasing extra trays if you plan on making more than one food at a time . Over all a great product and I would buy it again .
 I bought this kit plus 4 more trays and started making baby food for my son before he was ready to eat solids . I am glad I did because if there is a weekend that is busy and I do n't get around to making food for him , I have back ups and never get stressed about not having food made for him . I also have never had to buy any jarred food for my son . Just cereal.I think that this kit is awesome ! It teaches you how to make great and healthy food for your baby and also saves you a lot of money . I calculated it and if I bought jarred food for my son every week I would be paying about $ 42.00 a week . That may not sound like a lot but over a course of 8 months that is a savings of $ 1344.00 ! I would rather have that money in my pocket and have my son eat great rather than spend it on food that has a shelf life of three + years.Not only does it save you money , it is really easy to use . I just take out as many cubes as I need , put them in the microwave for 30 seconds and my son 's food is warm and ready to feed .
 I bought the freezer trays about 2 months ago and havent stopped making baby food ! I also purchased , Top 100 Baby Purees and my son loves everything Ive made ! He was fussy about jarred food and he will eat anything I make him . Its so easy , and SOOO much cheaper than buying jarred food , especially since the Organic brand of baby food can be anywhere from 75c-1 .09 for one jar thats 4oz ! Everyone should make baby food ! One sweet potato can make 3 servings of food , or more depending on age and interest . I was never one to plan to make food for my baby and now I wouldnt do it any other way . Get it !!!
 I love everything about this product ! I love the ease of cooking the food and storing the food ! I love the little cheat sheet that comes with the kit and the storage trays . I would recommend to any new mom that is thinking about cooking for your little one -LRB- s -RRB- . The book breaks down how much you save in a year by making your own baby food and it really makes you think ! I absolutely love it and what a better reason to love it because my son loves the food , too !
 I just purchased this kit two days ago and have already made my lil one applesauce and sweet potatoes . I also made my own baby food for my other kids but was SO clueless . This kit makes it quick and easy . I have 12 servings of applesauce and 12 servings of sweet potatoes sitting in my freezer right now and it only took minutes.I gave my lil one jarred applesauce yesterday morning and he gagged and spit it out and made HORRIBLE faces . I gave him mommy 's fresh applesauce last night and he gobbled it up . Get this kit it is very much worth the money !
 I bought this for the trays , and figured the book and dvd would be super helpful . I really like the trays - the pureed food pops right out of them , and they are easy to clean . That being said , if I were to buy again , I would only purchase the trays , and use wholesomebabyfood.com for a resource on what to cook when and how .
 I find it very easy and very cost effective to make my son 's baby food . I found this product searching for ice cube trays and since it came with a book for only a couple bucks more , I gave it a try . I love the laminated `` quick sheet '' now on my fridge . The book tells you what to look for in produce , but my favorite part is how much to buy to fill two ice cube trays . For now , I put one tbsp of pureed food into each cube , and I defrost 2 for lunch and one for dinner ... I put the cubes in a small advent bottle , and into the bottle warmer it goes . Simple . My son is only 5 mths old , so as his appetite grows , so will the portions . If I find he is still hungry for more dinner , I just grab another cube . The book is very informative , and the only thing I would change is how to cook the food . Everything is cooked in the microwave ... not a big deal , google and common sense helped me figure it out . But something like butternut squash is something I never made before ... I cut it half , and placed cut side down in an inch of water and baked for 20 mins . Otherwise , it 's a great buy .
 The Fresh Baby so Easy Baby Food is quite simple to follow . The storage containers have worked really well so far . The DVD was not really that necessary even though the authors recommend you watch it before beginning . One thing that is up for debate is whether or not to cook the vegetables by microwaving them . Another book that I read recommends steaming rather than microwaving . So I decided that I felt more comfortable and natural steaming the food . The book 's recipes are in order according to the baby 's age and offers ideas on how to make combinations . I would recommend this product .
 I bought this kit 3 months ago and I love it . I 've been trying to keep my son on an organic diet and this is the most affordable way to do it . The kit has a dvd and a cookbook/journal to walk you through every possible question . It really is very simple . If you plan on making your own baby food I would highly suggest getting a food processor . I tried using my blender the first few times as suggested by the kit and it really did n't do that great of a job and there was waste at the bottom caught up in the blades . Making your own food is the best for your baby . It eliminates poor produce/unripe fruit , fillers , and preservatives . This kit allows you to control what goes into your child 's body , the most important thing of all . The only draw back I could site is that it has no recipes for any meat which most think should be introduced around 8 months of age . Other than that it is perfect ! This would also make a great gift for a new mom to be !
 When my son was born , I hesitated to even think about making my own baby food when the time came to start him on solids . I work a full time job , my kitchen is small , I want to spend my free time with him , I 'm not sure how to do this
 This is really as easy as the title . I was able to whip up a lot of different baby foods using only a blender and my microwave . Unfortunately I have a very very picky eater and I had started him on Gerber foods before I found this . I think if I would have started him on these he would have taken to them better . But for the price and the ease I do n't think you can beat this kit . I have had friends who have bought those expensive machines to make baby food and I think this has worked just as well . I would give it 5 stars if my baby would eat more of the food .
 This is a great product ! Before this kit , I was n't very kitchen savvy ... Still not the greatest cook , however , I now find myself incorporating fresh veggies into meals for me and my husband ... I am cooking more healthy meals for us along with our now 8 month old son ... I would recommend this to anyone who cares about what is going into their children 's tummy 's , and who do n't want picky eaters as they get older ... It really does n't take that long to do , so no excuses ! : -RRB-
 I use this all the time . My 9 mo old has NEVER had jar food yet ! So easy to do and it makes you feel good too : -RRB- The best part is that you KNOW what your baby is getting when you make it yourself . Awesome product ! Purchased this one for a friends baby shower . Hope she loves it as much as I do .
 Now first of all , I 'd like to say that baby food making is n't for everyone . Yes , it can be time consuming . Sure , it 's easier to pop open a container of ready-made applesauce or carrots . But I think that if you are shopping around for a baby food cookbook , then you must already feel as I do -- that store bought , commercial foods are full of preservatives , were made who knows when , and you just do n't feel as good feeding your baby something that does n't feel fresh . -LRB- You would n't eat a diet of entirely canned foods , would you ? -RRB- That being said , I got this kit when I was pregnant and could n't wait until my daughter was 6 months old to start trying some of the recipes.First of all , the trays are AWESOME and do n't bend or crack in the freezer . I started freezing breastmilk in them early on when she started teething . The second thing I love about this kit is the easy-to-follow cookbook . Seriously , it 's easy . No intimidating recipes with multiple steps , just simple purees and suggestions for add-ins -LRB- such as cinnamon or lemon juice -RRB- and meal combinations -LRB- like peas & tofu -RRB- . I now have a freezer shelf full of containers labeled with the puree and date made so I can keep track at a glance . Now 7 months , my baby typically eats 2-3 food cubes a day -- 1 at lunch with cereal and 2 at dinner . -LRB- She still breastfeeds a lot , so her solid intake is not as high as perhaps some other infants her age . -RRB- My sister got me a different baby food cookbook , and although the one she got me has beautiful photographs and has nice fancy recipes in it , some of them are so complicated that it feels like I 'm making a huge mess and creating a separate gourmet meal for my baby . I always end of returning to the `` So Easy '' cookbook instead . I like the simplicity of a good ` ole puree , and you can combine fruits and veggies to your heart 's content . It 's also great because it has each food labeled with the best age to introduce , and comes with a nice handy chart that tells you good sources of a bunch of vitamins and minerals . The only negative thing I might have to say is that , like another reviewer mentioned , it does use a lot of microwave cooking . But honestly , microwaving in a minimal amount of water does retain most of the nutrients , and you use the cooking water to water down the puree , thus adding any lost nutrients right back into the food . But if this is a problem , of course you can cook in an oven or stove top if you prefer . Overall , this is a great kit and I 'm definitely going to be getting it as a shower gift for my friends !
 I feel more confident making baby food after getting this kit , but I realized quickly that I could have gathered the same information from different websites and saved some money . But like any new mom , having a kit was reassuring . It 's something I 'll pass on to friends so that we can get some more use out of it . I like that it provides guidelines for what foods and seasonings at what age .
 Great recipes , nice dvd instructions and useful baby food freezer trays . It 's very easy . I would have given 5 stars if there were recipes for making fresh baby food meat instead of just fruits and veggies .
 I got this book for Christmas in anticipation of feeding my now 6-month old son , and have been using it for a couple of weeks now as he gets started with baby food . It has worked great . It is so easy that I can not believe I bought baby food at all for my now 4-year old daughter . The book says 30 minutes a week is all you need - I do n't even think it takes that long . The `` recipes '' are very simple , but they are just what I need . It specifies which foods you cook -LRB- apples , pears -RRB- and which you just mush up without cooking -LRB- bananas , tofu , avocados -RRB- and tells you how long to cook it . Probably very basic stuff for a lot of folks , but this is right up my alley . I was n't interested in making risotto or any other crazy stuff for my baby . I just wanted to make nice wholesome food whose origin I knew . The ice cube trays work great . They are BPA free and the cubes come out easily after running under warm water . I take a couple of cubes out in the morning and I am good to go for the day . I did n't use the CD -LRB- or is it a DVD ? -RRB- that comes with it , so I can not comment on that . This is great for beginners .
 Of course , you can always freeze baby food in regular ice cube trays , but lets face it ... convenience is # 1 when you have a baby . These are the perfect size , and very easy to use . I LOVE making baby food now ! Whoever said they were hard to pop out needs to simply needs to reread the instructions , which say to run warm water over the back . Within 3-5 seconds I hear cracking from the cubes releasing . These are great . Ignore anything negative you read about them . You can be overwhelmed with all the different baby food recipes out there , so its nice to have the basics on hand . I highly recommend this as a baby shower gift . Enjoy .
 I love this kit ! The book is great ; it explains every aspect of making homemade baby food and has excellent tips . The trays make perfect portions and I love that they come with lids .
 This was the best price I found . These trays and cookbook are great . My daughter loves the food . It gives me a sense of assurance that I know I am feeding my daughter something fresh . I am a busy working first time mom and I was able to fit making food for my baby .
 I use it EVERYDAY and LOVE IT !!! It 's a `` NO BRAINER '' ... . you should buy this . I plan to get a kit for all of my mommie friends ! They are being sold at Target in January too ! :-RRB- Great product ... SO EASY !!!
 We have n't had any problems cleaning this chair -- occasionally we need to use the crevice tool on the vacuum , but that is simple enough . Most of the time , we simple take a wet paper towel or wet wipe and run it around the seat sides . -LRB- We 'd do that with any high chair . -RRB- The tray does n't fit in our dishwasher , but that too has been easy to clean in the sink.We love the neutral and plain color of the oatmeal vinyl . Our daughter is very happy in her chair . She is only 16 months , but very big for her age she has no problems fitting in this seat at all.Our only complaint is that we have to push the tray release handle in when we put the tray on in order to lock it into place or else our daughter can push the tray almost out . that may be a defect on ours rather than a design flaw -- we just live with it since it is n't that big a deal .
 I bought this highchair for my 2nd son , with our first son we had a Fisher Price highchair that we HATED . It was hard to clean , the wheels locked up , straps were cheap , etc. . I got rid of it as soon as he turned 1 and moved onto a hard plastic booster seat that strapped onto one of our big chairs . It scratched up our chairs and was STILL a pain to clean so when baby # 2 arrived I forked over the extra $ $ for the Prima Pappa based on my friend 's good experience with it.I LOVE this high chair - I think the reviewers who complain about it being hard to clean do n't realize that ALL highchairs are hard to clean , and this , in my opinion , was the easiest to clean out of all the ones I 've tried . All you have to do is take a damp paper towel -LRB- or one of those pre-moistened Lysol wipes , or a plain old wet wipe -RRB- and wipe the seat down - it is really very easy . When my first son was in the strap-on booster he got gunk all over our table , under the table , on the table legs , etc. . At least with the highchair the mess is contained to the chair.The tray is a little high for little babies , but they spend more time in it as they get older and then the tray is the perfect height.The wheels roll across my floor easily and do n't lock up . Plus , the colors match any decor , much nicer than the garish plastic fabric on my old Fisher Price.So for me , it was totally worth the money . The problems you 'd find with this highchair you 'll find with any highchair .
 This is the BMW of all highchairs . It 's super-sturdy and the Italian leather seat is easy to care for . Ignore the reviews about being a `` pain to clean . '' You need to clean EVERY highchair - nooks , crannies , and all .
 I got this chair when my 1st born was 3 months old , 5 years ago . She used this chair for eating and napping , it was wonderful . When my 2nd child was born three years later , I used the same chair and the beauty is that all i had to do was order a new cover for the seat without having to buy a whole new chair . I EASILY removed the straps and washed them by hand , it was looking brand new . Im personally a clean freak . My house is always spotless even with my two children and the chair was always easy to clean . Im pregnant with my third child now and I did not even hesitate to pick this chair for him . I guess this chair is not for everyone , some people should just stick to Graco or something cheaper . This is a quality chair and it deserves quality care .
 It took us forever to decide on a highchair and we actually took our then 6 month-old on shopping trips to see which one he responded to the best . We found this one to be the most versatile and the least likely to catch his fingers in the tray . I also like that it has a five-point harness . I see that a lot of people had problems with their babies reaching the tray . Our son is very tall , so this was n't a problem for us . I also find it easy to clean , the straps come off and are machine washable and I use a damp cloth to wipe it down . It folds up nicely to go to grandma 's house and it 's nice to have so many levels of adjustment so that we can feed from the couch if necessary . The chair leans back for those times that he eats from a bottle or wants to snooze in his chair . It wheels easily from dining room to kitchen to living room . I know that it 's pricey , but it supports kids up to 50 lbs , so I plan to use it for a while and it 's durable enough that I 'm sure someone else will get plenty of use out of it after we 're done .
 I got this chair after having a wooden one . My son is so much happier in this chair . He is actually comfortable and will sit to eat . In the wooden one he was always climbing out and would not sit down . The straps in this chair keep him in . I never thought I would find a chair that would do that to my wiggly worm . I have the leather pad and I find it very easy to clean and the wipe down . The tray pulls out very easy for cleaning . Pulling the chair up to the table is a HUGE bonus . It is a chair that can easily grow from infant to toddler . The reclining feature is great . I think that perhaps the people complaining my not have tried other chairs , they will find that other chairs have just as many problems , perhaps even more . This is my second chair and my Mom also has a different one for our son . This chair by far is the one I would recommend . I am mad at myself for not getting rid of my other chair sooner . This is a great buy .
 Despite some of the reviews I read , I bought this high chair and was pleasantly surprised . We bought this when my son -LRB- who was born 8 # 10 oz . -RRB- was 4 months old . I bought it because it looks nice and goes with our decor , has wheels so it travels easily , a removable tray -LRB- on top of the main tray -RRB- , a big cushioned head rest , easy folding feature , a reclining seat , adjustable height and easily washable surfaces.When my son was 4 months up until he started eating solid foods , I would put him in it while I was working in the kitchen with the seat reclined , seat belt on and tray off . He would sometimes fall asleep in it . As he got older , the adjustable height worked well for us - we could lower it to match the height of the table and raise it if we were eating at the counter . During the summer we would wheel it out to the back porch to eat dinner and he would sit in it for a while watching the boats . Now that my son is 11 months -LRB- and 19 # -RRB- , he uses the tray to snack while I 'm working in the kitchen and when it 's time to eat , we wheel him over , lower the seat and he eats at the table with us.I really recommend this high chair , as well as this brand . Sometimes I wish I was that small so someone would put me in this comfortable seat to eat !
 We 've been feeding our baby in this since he was six months old , and while the tray is a little high , it was never a problem . It is very sturdy and should last through at least a few children.My only complaint is that we sometimes pull off the tray and put it on the floor with Cheerios , but the `` Peg Perego '' logo on the front of the tray rubs off very easily . It is almost like a lottery scratch ticket . Since baby lifts the tray when it 's on the floor and puts his mouth on the tray , the logo `` ink '' could potentially be ingested . For this reason , I just rubbed off the logo.Otherwise , no complaints . Definitely not a travel highchair but with the addition of the Chicco Hippo , we have all of our bases covered .
 I had the eddie bauer chair and my son hated it - he is six months old . I returned it and purchased this chair . I love this chair . I ca n't believe how many people complain about cleaning it - I purchased the clorox everywhere spray that is safe for babies and tht is it - just wipe clean .
 I read through many reviews for this product -- aparently this is a new color , and there are n't any reviews here ? I bought it despite many complaints about it being difficult to clean all the nooks and crannies . I think the people who hate it have older babes who are self-feeding and making bigger messes . And the ones who love it have little babes who are not making their own messes , yet . I 'm still in the love category , but my son is eating finger foods and it 's really not that difficult to clean.I love the easy to wipe fabric , and the fact that it does n't have a print on it . It 's not all that bad looking -- for a high chair . The straps are easy to operate and it creates a safe zone for a squirmy tyke . I love that it has a bar between the legs to keep my son from sliding down.The adjustability features work easily and well , although I 've seldom had cause to use them . I imagine if you had this chair when your child was newborn , it would be a great napping place with the seat reclined.My son is about average size , and the tray table is slightly high , but not unworkable . I also think it slides in close enough to him . He does drop some foods into the seat , but what child learning to feed himself wont ?
 My husband and I bought this high chair for my son when he was 4 months old and starting to eat solid foods . At first he seemed too small for the chair , but we propped him up on one side with a rolled up receiving blanket . That only lasted for a couple of feedings . Our son soon figured out that he could place his arms over the sides and support himself or on the tray it self . -LRB- Plus he is learning to sit up on his own . -RRB- The closest tray setting is only about an inch away from his belly , but he is still able to put his hands and part of his arms on the tray . He weighs around 16 pounds and 26 inches tall . The chair is very easy to recline and folds up flat for storing away in a closet . The tray and leatherette clean up easy too ! We can roll our son any where in his chair such as to the kitchen so he can watch us prepare food ! The only gripe I have about the chair is that the tray does n't make a `` clicking '' noise to let me know that it is in the desired position . I have to pull back on the tray to make sure it is secured in position . Otherwise we all love this chair and could n't be happier ! And the oatmeal color is very neutral to go with any decor .
 Many people will tell you that this chair is hard to clean but I think that they must be slobs ! Not in my 3 year olds messiest of messy episodes did I ever have much to clean much on this chair . Maybe a little bit of chicken or ravioli that fell down in the crevice but never a full chair scrub ! I LOVE this high chair . My girls have spent TONS of time in this chair . It adjusts up and down so that you can use it if you are standing or lower it if you are sitting in a chair . You can make it table height so that your toddler can be pushed right up to the table and eat with you . Sarah used this right up until MaryClaire needed it and would have used it longer if # 2 had n't come along ! The tray is a great size to put toys on for them to play with or for them to open and play with books . I recommend the leatherette instead of fabric , then you just wipe it with a cloth to clean . The tray has a snap on cover that you can just pull off and wash in the sink or dishwasher . It has 4 recline positions and my girls sleep in it when they are congested and ca n't breathe laying down . I think that # 2 slept in it for over a month at one point -LRB- naps and night -RRB- . It is on wheels , which is even better . I started using it at about 4 months just so that the girls could sit up and see what was going on ! They loved that . It is rather deep which is what makes it a great chair for toddlers but I just put a folded up baby blanket or two in it for the little infant phase so that she was up higher . MaryClaire just turned 9 months and I just took one of the two blankets out from under her , no big deal . In addition , the chair folds up to a really cool flat position that makes it easy to put in a closet , put in your trunk to take your in-laws -LRB- who wo n't buy their own chair -RRB- or carry up and down stairs .
 i 've researched and tested many different product for my baby 's first high chair . i really wanted safe , solid , and easy to clean one and this is the one i decided.i 've been using it for last two months and i 'm very satisfied . first of all , some say that this is hard to clean but this is the EASIEST to clean in the market . the other high chairs come with ruffles and fabrics that are hard to clean but the leatherette , i just wipe with baby wipe or if stained and dried , use little cleaner . of course , plastic booster might be easier to clean and takes less room , but my 7months son would easily have safety problems on a booster.it 's very stable chair and very , very safe for the little one . i love the fact that it 's 5 point harness so that my son can not pull forward -LRB- he 's constantly trying to pull himself up from his stroller , carseat , etc. -RRB- and have major accident.also , it 's easy to store away when it 's not in use and tray is very stable that the baby can not move it but easy for me to remove . the top tray is removable and could put in the dishwasher.some people are concerned with the height of the tray for the baby and i 've used it since my baby was 5months and i did n't notice that the tray is high . i sometimes use this chair when i show my baby his dvds and it works great also . The reclining seat and adjustable height is a wonderful feature . highly recommend it .
 Three words for you if you 're considering this high chair ... SPEND THE MONEY !!! It 's only a little more than the others , but wow , what a difference in QUALITY ! And SO COOL looking ! I love that it looks like a piece of furniture in our house , not another silly looking baby toy with bears on it ... not that there 's anything wrong with bears ... but this high chair is the bomb ! Comfortable for little baby `` bumpers '' to park on , easy as pie to use , easy breezy clean-up , and rolls effortlessly from room to room with us , adjusting to whatever heights you need , whether you 're on the couch or at the kitchen table ... would n't recommend any other ! I noticed some other reviewer commented on it being `` wide '' or something at the bottom , but I truly do n't know what that 's about ... it 's the most compact one I 've seen on the market ! Apparently that person has n't seen the other high chairs in stores ... You 'll love this one , trust me ! No other chair compares to the Prima Pappa !
 This is our second Prima Pappa high chair . The first one we had was given to us 7 years ago when our daughter was born , and it is still in great condition now . We had to buy this chair for our second child -LRB- a son -RRB- because he would climb out of the first chair in seconds -LRB- no 5-points strap -RRB- . To clean the food out from the chair , we used the hose of the vacuum and vacuum all the food after each use . It took only 10 seconds and the chair is clean like new again .
 We had a wooden highchair because I wanted it to LOOK nice . Well , I should have listened to the reviews , it was dangerous and useless . Finally , I bought this chair -LRB- in black leatherette -RRB- and could n't be happier . This highchair LOOKS beautiful and is so versatile ! In response to a review that says the padding is difficult to put on , all you have to do is recline the seat and the padding snaps on very easily . Plus , the shoulder straps come completely off for easy cleaning . The waist straps are not removeable , but I simply collapse the highchair , turn it upside-down and rinse it in my sink . Ca n't say enough about the double tray ... and I can put the highchair at it 's lowest height so my son can watch his Baby Einstein DVD 's in the living room while I get some cleaning done . All-in-all , a great chair !!!
 This highchair is very nice and easy to keep clean ... its not too bulky and my daughter seats great in it , it reclines and has adjustable height , I recommend this to anyone ...
 My family loves this high chair . I have a very big two year old -LRB- 37 lbs , 38 inches -RRB- , and he still fits comfortably . I have it in white . The straps are a little difficult to clean , but the seat could n't be easier to clean . It whipes well for simple messes , and comes of easily for more thorough washes in the washing machine . I love the reclining features , which especially came in handy when he was younger and would sometimes fall asleap in the chair . I also love that the chair adjusts up and down to so many levels , making in easy on Mom and Dad 's back and safe for my son who now loves to climb in and out of his chair . The large tray makes it great for using the chair for so many activities such as arts and crafts and puzzles . And the tray is simple to put on and off with one hand . I also love that my son has n't figured out how to take the tray off by himself yet , which he has with the chair at my parent 's house . The chair is also very easy to fold up and take along on trips . And being on wheels makes it easy to move to any area of the house . My bigest complaint is that my parents had tried to purchase this chair several times , and each time there was a defect with the arms . The tray would n't go on right . I think it was probably a problem with shipping and handling or how the store was storing the boxes that bent the arms out of place . All in all , I have been very happy with this chair , and I am looking to get another one now that twins are on the way .
 Okay , let 's get real . Babies are messy . Baby food is messy . If they can mash it and spread it everywhere , then it will happen . If you are a clean freak , then do n't have a baby ! Other reviews say this chair is smelly , hard to clean , etc. . I love my Prima Pappa . After my messy 7-month old boy finishes his meal , he gets a wipe down and so does his chair . It takes about 30 seconds to clean . Once or twice a month -LRB- maybe -RRB- , I give it a good overall cleaning with a little bit of mild soap and water . I have never noticed the chair looking gross or smelling gross . House guests compliment me on how clean I keep things , considering an infant lives here . -LRB- Ha ! If they only knew ! -RRB- If there is ANY high chair that exists that no one has to clean or wipe down daily , please let me know . And ... whoever invented it will make millions ! In a nutshell , all high chairs have to be cleaned , so just face the facts . It might as well at least LOOK good.Overall , I am very pleased with the look and quality of this chair . It was so easy to assemble and is very easy to roll around wherever we are eating ! The other high chairs at the store were just plain ugly and had just as many cracks , straps and crevices to clean.A good friend of mine had a Graco high chair with a removable tray that you could pop in the dishwasher to clean . She thought this would be super easy ! Well , her baby boy soon learned that he could also pick up the tray . After that , anything that went onto the tray also went up into the air , onto the floor , and even onto the ceiling . The Prima Pappa tray also removes but is `` baby proof . '' Unless baby has Go-Go-Gadget arms , then this tray will stay put . Between all of my friends who have kids , we have owned every kind of high chair available . This is by far the best ...
 I can not believe what a bunch of whiners have reviewed this highchair . We 're all entitled to our opinon , but for heaven 's sake ! All I hear is `` I ca n't undo the straps ... . it 's so hard to clean ... etc. `` This is the best highchair on the market . I am about to sell it now that my boy is nearly 2 but it looks like new . Yes NEW ! The leatherette -LRB- not leather as someone seemed to think -RRB- is the easiest thing to clean and the straps undo with two simple screws . Pop them in the washing machine and good as new . As for all the cracks . Huh ? All highchairs have some cracks . I tested a lot of highchairs and this is the ONLY one that combined all the issues I was concerned with
 This is my second high chair from this company . The only reason I got rid of the first one was becuase we thought we were done with having children . We had our first Peg Perego high chair for 4 years . Peg Perego really makes their things to last and wear well.The color on this high chair is so nice and blends well into our elegant home . The padding on the chair is nice and soft and so easy to clean.I ca n't say enough about this item . We have had it for 6 months and it still looks brand spanking new!I have to admit , I did cut off the shoulder straps on the chair , they were kind of cumbersome and since I never leave my child unattended while feeding I decided to take them off . Besides there is a large plastic post at the end of the seat that makes it virtually impossible for the baby to even lean over.I love the double tray , the fact that I can just wisk it off and put toys up there for the baby to play with while we are finishing dinner is so easy . Everyone who sees this in my house has commented on what a nice chair it is .
 I love this chair . In fact , this is our second Prima Papa . The first one was 7 years old now but it is still in like new condition . I bought this chair for my younger son -LRB- almost 2 yrs old now -RRB- because the first chair did not have the 5-point harness and my son could claim out the chair in 2 seconds.Many people are complaining that this chair is hard to clean . For me , it 's not hard at all . I used the hose and the accessories attachment of my up-right Hoover vacuum to suck the food/crumbs out once every few days . To wash the chair , I put it on the deck and used a garden hose to spray water on the chair . I usually stood a few feets away when I spray water so that I would not get wet . The force of the water will wash everything out . I left the chair on the deck to air dry it but I laid it down in different positions so water will not stuck in the chair.I hope this will help you .
 This chair is great , especially for a larger child . Our son is five-months old and is already 18 lbs . and 27 inches . Other chairs on the market fit him to a tee right now , so we opted for this one that will allow for growth . Husband , an engineer , thought this chair was designed better than the others . We also like that it folds up to a small size.Tray fits closely and securely to him when the chair is not reclined . The fully reclined positioner is nice now too since he can not sit up on his own.I like the cloverlette and have found it easy to remove . Unfortunately , this cover is not machine washable , but that 's not an issue for me -LRB- I like that the `` plether '' can be wiped down -RRB- . The only negative for me is that there is n't a bar on the back to dry bib and cloth .
 This is our first high-chair , so I am not able to compare it to others , however , we absolutely love this chair!It was easy to put together and is easy to fold for storage and unfold for use . The chair looks great , like real leather , and is very easy to clean . My son loves sitting in it and laughs every time I buckle him in . I love the removable , top-rack dishwasher safe meal tray . After my son is finished eating , I will remove the tray from the `` toy/snack '' tray and give him toys to play with . He loves being up high so he can see everything , and if I want to sit on the couch and watch TV while I feed him , I can easily lower the seat while he is sitting in it.Is it worth the big bucks ? I think so . I 've spoken to several women who told me they were not happy with their high-chairs which ranged anywhere from $ 50 to $ 150 . I got this chair as a shower gift , but if I had n't , I would have spent the money on it myself . My sister-in-law purchased this high-chair for her son , and she loves it just as much as I do .
 My wife bought the prima pappa tan leatherette high chair for this holiday season . Our granddaughter is 7 months old and enjoyed breakfast , dinner and Christmas dinner in her new chair . It is so easy to clean and fits both our kitchen and dining room table heights . Before her parents left , they ordered the same one on line to be delivered real soon to their home . It is so convenient to have locks on the wheels ; but most importantly , the wheels make it so easy to maneuver . Any baby can be safe in the restraint system which is the same as the venezia stroller we purchased for our granddaughter also . The tray area gives baby a place to play as Grandma and Grandpa prepare baby 's meal . We love the way the high chair can be stored til the next visit .
 I too read the reviews and was a little worried , but ya know what ???? I love this chair . The heights are adjustable and my daughter is comfortable in it . I do take some points off for the tray that is not close enough but can deal with this -LRB- in my opinion nothing is perfect -RRB- . As far as cleaning is concerned , I just wipe it with a wet cloth and go on my merry way ! I recommend this product !
 My husband and I love this Highchair ! When we registered for this highchair I love the fact that it is so well made , looked comfortable and is compact . Our darling Victoria at 9 months loves her hight chair too ! Besides eating in her chair she loves to sit in her high chair to look out the window to see what 's going on . Sure when it get 's dirty from food and it gets into all the tiny crevices . However , the straps come off easy to properly clean them in the sink . The leatherette seat cover comes off and is easy to clean as well . We received it from my co-workers as a gift!James and Mary
 I am a nanny and I have been with two families that have used Prima Pappa highchairs and they really are the best - just as the other reviews have said , it 's EASY to clean -LRB- I must do so after EVERY meal . . everyone should do so with any highchair ... or you may just get a nest of fruit flies coming around . . -RRB- It looks great in any kitchen , and is comfortable for the children - which is obviously most important . Also - it 's quite durable - we 've had it in this house for over a year and the leather is in great shape .
 I was cheap at first and bought an inexpensive highchair thinking that would be the more reasonable thing to do considering it 's just for eating ... after I got it home , putting it together was just the beginning , it was a nightmare to say the least to operate . Thats when I decided to go the most expensive route and buy this , everyone made it sound so great , i 'm glad i listened -LRB- had to order it elsewhere , cause they did n't have the color I wanted -RRB- but it 's an absolute dream ! It comes already assembled , which was a blessing and worth the money right off the bat for a 9 month pregnant lady with a husband that has NO patience for putting things together . The chair is so simple to use and looks great too , it 's easy to set up , take down , wipe clean , etc. . . I think the $ 200 was well spent . Just remember , , , you get what you pay for , and it 's totally true with highchairs . My nightmare brand was `` evenflo '' and seems that a lot of other women felt the same way , peg perego really proved their selves with this chair !!
 We purchased this high chair for our daughter -LRB- she was 8 months then -RRB- and we are so glad we got it . She had a hand-me-down high chair from a relative but she was never comfortable in that one . She was always in a slouching position . With the Prima Pappa , she sits comfortably now and she just loves being in her new chair . It 's so easy to clean and it 's not cheap plastic . It 's a very good quality product and we would totally recommend it to other parents .
 This High chair is not only the BEST LOOKING but also the best in function . My son is now 13 months old and we both love this chair . The best feature is that it is SO easy to clean , babies make some big messes . Also it is very safe and comfortable . This to me is well worth the money .
 I love this highchair my little girl is 4 months old and has just started to eat solids . The chair is just perfect for very little ones . The fold back seat feature is perfect for when she falls asleep . Clean up is very easy with the removable tray .
 I ordered this chair and then went on to read the reviews , a few of which worried me , there were recurring complaints of how hard it was to clean , and that you had to use screw drivers to take the cover off.However when I received the chair , I immediately took the cover off to see just how hard it was and to my surprise it took me about 20 seconds , no screws , just four press buttons , it also took me about 20 seconds to get back on . The cover was wipe clean and very nice to look at too.My baby is not the biggest and when we bought this chair she was 6 months old , she could see over the top of the tray , and also likes to sit in the chair to play , but to feed her we have to take the trays off as they are too high to get the spoon into her mouth easily . But to me this just says that it is a chair that will last her a long time , one she wo n't grow out of too fast . It is also great as we can wheel it up to the dining table and she can feel part of the family meal.I love the fact that the chair has adjustable height and recline positions this also means that my daughter can feed herself her bottle in the chair.All in all I am very very pleased with this chair and would highly recommend it to anyone .
 What a versatile highchair ! My daughter started sitting in it when she was 4 months old . Although she looked a little lost in it , I could strap her in , push the tray all the way up and pull the seatback upright . As she 's grown , we 've been able to move the seat height so she 's eye-level with us at the table . The double-tray is a must-have in any highchair . We like this highchair so much we bought one for our city house -LRB- in Sable -RRB- and one for the country house -LRB- in Tan . -RRB- I 've been warned to stay away from the white because baby food stains really show up on it .
 This is our second Peg Perego high chair . We liked the first one so much with our oldest son that we just bought a second one for our baby that is due in 1 month . We will take the 4-year-old chair upnorth to the cottage and keep the new one here at home -LRB- rather than transport one back and forth -RRB- . It 's comfy for baby -LRB- reclines back if baby falls asleep , etc. -RRB- . It folds up nicely for storage in between feedings , if desired . The base is nice and wide/stable . The quality is worth the extra $ $ $ . Like they say . . you get what you pay for . Granted , there will be messes to clean out of crevices from time to time -LRB- but that 's going to happen with ANY high chair -RRB- .
 FINALLY ! A highchair on wheel that sits upright nicely ! I had an Evenflo highchair and hated it . I am so pleased with this one and the leatherette is awesome .
 I did not want a big plastic ugly thing in my kitchen that I have tried so hard to decorate nicely . So far , we love this high chair . We compared to the Chico Mamma and the Graco Neat Seat . The Graco chair is much `` larger '' taking up a lot more floor space than the Prima Pappa . The Chico Mamma was a close second ; but the `` looks '' of the Prima Pappa as well as the ability to fold up the chair without removing the tray and the slightly less floor space needed won us over . Our child does not regularly use a high chair yet ; but so far we are happy with our purchase .
 I purchased this one and let me tell you I just Love It !!! It is absolutely wonderful . It has everything a highchair should have , perfect padding , nice and easy to clean vinyl -LRB- just like leather -RRB- , recline , height adjustments , tray , basically everything , and most important my baby has plenty of room to grow . It even turns into a youth chair . I would recommend it to anyone . If you do n't want to spend the big bucks , look for coupons and sales . My husband about had a heart attack when I showed him the price , but even he agrees that it is worth every penny . It comes already assembled right out of the box . The other one took almost an hour to put together , and was very flimmsey , this one is sturdy as can be !! Perfect for any baby , big or small , the recline is so simple and smooth . Another plus is that you do not have to use the full T-strap harness , you can take off the shoulder straps and just use the bottom straps across the belly and thighs , I 'll use the other ones when he gets a bit more mobile . I know , I am going on and on , but truthfully it is great , I wish there was chairs like this when I had my 1st son . Hope all this helped , good luck shopping !!
 I love my 2003 Prima Pappa tan leatherette ! We 've had no problems with it what so ever ! Cleaning is easy ! -- I do n't know what the other reviewers are talking about ! It 's so easy to use ! It looks and feels like it 's quality made-unlike most of the other high chairs out there ! . My baby loves it!I looked at almost every high chair 's reviews and ratings . Several had recommended and rated the Fisher Price Healthy Care very highly . The Baby Bargains book 5th Edition gave the Fisher Price Healthy Care and A and the Peg Perego Prima Pappa I think it was a B . We went out and looked at all the high chairs at BabiesRUs , The Baby 's Room , L'il Deb-n-h = Heir etc. . Of course I dragged my loving husband with who whined and groaned every time ! I like to research everything and test everything before I buy . It drives my husband crazy ! I liked the Prima Pappa , but the Fisher Price Healthy Care Deluxe had more bells and whistles , better ratings and was half the price . It came with toys and extra side basket and bottle holders . We bought it . It lasted in our home for about 3 days!The Healthy Care is ok , but it felt very cheaply made . I had problems with the recliner , it was very jerky to move . It would sometimes get stuck while trying to recline . I use this feature all the time to put my baby in or to take him out.The wheels did not move smoothly . The locks on the wheels would fall to the lock position by itself ? The tray could be removed very easily by the baby himself in the future . I did like the height of the tray better though . The seat pad had ruffles and crevices ! I only had it for 3 days , but I could see that the ruffles would be hard to clean and the crumbs did fall in all the crevices . Well enough about the Fisher Price Healthy Care Deluxe Plus.Why I love my Peg Perego Prima Pappa tan leatherette high chair :1 . It comes fully assembled ! Unlike the Fisher Price that had so many parts and pieces to assemble ! It was easy enough to follow the instructions , but who has all that time and energy ! 2 . The reclining feature works so smoothly ! It moves up and down with one hand - even with the baby in it ! 3 . The height adjustment is so easy also ! With my baby in it I will lower it so that I could feed him sitting down . Sometimes I will raise the chair and roll it into the family room to watch his favorite video . -LRB- Baby Einstein video - the only tape he owns -RRB- 4 . It is very easy to clean ! I 've read some of the other reviews which gave me some doubts about purchasing this chair!Try it yourself ! I have the tan leatherette and it cleans with no problem ! I wipe it down after every meal with a Lysol cleaning wipe or a sponge . -LRB- The Lysol Wipes are great by the way ! -RRB- Yes it does have crevices , but the Fisher Price had more crevices plus ruffles ! I just use my handy Shark vacuum when needed . No problems with food getting stuck anywhere ! VERY EASY TO CLEAN ! The chair pad can be removed and reinstalled very easily also . I do n't know why some of the other reviewers had problems .5 . Folds easily and very , very compact for storage . The tray even folds up . Great feature ! 6 . I like the color . It blends in very well in my kitchen . It 's like a piece of furniture . It does not stand out like some of the others which looks like another toy sitting in the room .7 . The wheels or casters work great ! I sometimes move my baby around in the kitchen with me when I am cooking . The locking mechanism is on the back wheels only . Who needs them on all four wheels ? 8 . It is very sturdy ! I wanted something that would last for at least a few years ! I do n't think that the Fisher Price I returned or any of the other brands would last very long . This chair was made to last through many children!Other reviewers had problems with the height of the tray and the space between the baby and the tray . I do n't know if they changed anything , but my seat moves all the way up and the distance between my baby and the tray is perfect ! The tray is higher than most of the others . I even thought that it may have been a problem . After looking at the other high chairs and this one more thoroughly I came to the conclusion that after a few months he would be at the perfect height . Where as the other high chair trays would become too low when the baby gets taller . It was very easy to just fold up a towel and have my baby sit on it at first.You would think that I worked for Peg Perego ! Well , I do n't ! This is my first review of any kind . I just felt compelled to write about this high chair since after reading the other reviews I still was n't sure about buying it . I am so glad I did ! You will love it too ! Believe me , I looked at all of them !
 Here I am shopping for yet another Peg Perego product when I decide I 'll read some reviews on my daughters high chair . I have 5 dogs and 4 cats and live as far into the wilderness as it may seem possible -LRB- Approx . 17 miles from civilization -RRB- . I have read the complaints about the chair and I feel most have no substance and generally are petty gripes . I purchased my daughters chair just after she turned 3 months old ... she has just turned 1 year . We all -LRB- my wife , myself and our daughter -RRB- all absolutely love this piece . We find it VERY easy to clean and KEEP clean . Mild to absolutely messy , it all cleans up easily . I find the straps are very easy to remove and clean with one hand and the chair is VERY well made . When my wife was pregnant I started studying on what products we were going to purchase for my daughter . I have put over a hundred hours and a few hundred miles into studying every product I could from car seats to high chairs to cribs , I chose this for the high chair . I have special needs with every product we purchase because I have limited use of my left hand from an accident . The only issue that I have encountered that held any merit was the height when she was young . I went to Wal-Mart and purchased a foam pad for $ 1.67 , cut it to fit behind her back and under her but , took me 15 minutes inclusive of putting away the scissors . A month later I removed it and threw it away . The straps are not rocket science ! One thing I have noticed is people forget why the straps are there in the first place , for the safety of your child . It is difficult enough that your -LRB- upwards of 2 year old -RRB- child ca n't undo the straps themselves but not so difficult that they ca n't be undone with one hand . I can do a full strip down of the high chair with my daughter in my other arm . The only way this could be easier is if someone else does it for you . Customer service has been top notch with them as well on all of our products , thus far of course . I have found over the years that people have a tendency to embellish a bit when it comes to poor customer service , and trust me I have more than enough experience with it over the years . Bottom line is , this is worth its weight in gold and is by far the best on the market .
 We purcahsed this for our 22 month old . we have been using a booster seat and it WAS NOT working . She was shaking it and could get the tray off . After several scares , we went to Babies r us , and tested her in MANY ! Most were frilly & ugly -LRB- ok , they were less money -RRB- . Until we came to THIS ONE !! I love the Tan leather , easy to wipe , the 5 pt harness , and double trays . WE LOVE THIS CHAIR and ca n't believe we waited so long to buy it ! It folds up also , so if you have a smaller kitchen like us . . It also come ready to use ! all I did was unfold it , put on the rollers and was ready to use , no tools req ! and worth the money -LRB- we paid 169.99 -RRB- 5 STARS !!
 I gave this highchair as a gift . It is stylish and functional . The plain leatherette is a welcome relief when your house is littered with baby stuff all with thier own patterns ! The double tray comes in handy for removing the mess and leaving a tray for your little one to play . Leatherette cleans nicely with a damp cloth . Harness is adjustable enough to hold an infant starting solids . Height adjustments are easily made . I would reccommend this product to anyone , and feel it is well worth the money . Peg Perego makes quality products that you can count on with classic looks . I own the roller version of this highchair the only differences being it does not fold and has a basket . I would not hesitate to give this chair as a gift again !
 For my second child , I used my high chair experience from my first to help me select this chair . First , it looks great ! Secondly , the sleek style of this chair makes it a snap to clean -LRB- no ruffles and you can just wipe it down -RRB- . Read some other reviews regarding the Prima Pappa and people indicated this chair would be hard to clean . I have to disagree . This chair can fold easily for storage and the five point harness makes it seem safe for even a small infant . The lift off tray is a nice touch and can easily be cleaned off in the sink . Most of all this chair seems to be really comfortable for my little one ! My daughter loves sitting in her big girl chair!Although this chair seems a little pricey , it has all the bells and whistles you need and looks great around the table . If you can spend the extra money , this chair will last you through the toddler stage !
 We purchased this highchair after a recommendation from a relative and could not be happier . It is very well-made and comes completely assembled . Very sturdy !! Highly recommend spending the extra money as this is a product that will last and eventually can be used as a toddler chair .
 This high chair is not only great looking , but very comfortable for baby and functional for me . Easy cleaning , the cover comes off or it can simply be wiped down . You can lower the chair for comfortable feedings and effortlessly roll it anywhere you need . This chair is one of my best picks for baby in function and value !
 This looks prettier in person . The quilt is beautiful - some of the parts -LRB- solid hot pink parts -RRB- are fuzzy material which adds to its charm . The fitted sheet is made of 100 % cotton . It feels so good that my baby loves putting her cheeks on it . I love this product ! Highly recommend it .
 This was my second high chair . I hated the first because the leg bar was on the tray . This chair is great ! I 'm able to put my daughter in and strap her without worrying that she will climb out . Some people complain about the height of the tray , but it worked for us . My daughter would grab anything in reach . This tray allows me to keep a few things out of reach . Plus the highchair looks good and has a really stable base .
 the bassinet liner and hoodie was very adorable , fit well and was exactly what I wanted .
 We bought this product from The Baby Catalog and it included the base . It is a great product . It was at first difficult to install in our minivan ; when placed in the Venezia Stroller it seems to be a little loose for my liking .
 but the hood for shade does n't stay down to block out the sun . the seat is very well padded therefore , gives bigger babies less room to move ... my son is not real happy about that . once i was able to remove the head support i was surprised how much more room he has . i would highly recommend this car seat as it it has very high safety ratings and to me that is the most important .
 I 've read a lot of bad reviews about this carseat and I really do n't understand why . OK I agree with a couple of things :1 - Baby sweats a lot in the carseat2 - not easy to carry around3 - the clip in the middle is not very convenientBut honestly , I do n't get the complaints about the fact that it 's too snug . It was too snug at the lowest setting when my baby was 3 weeks ... Well he was born at 8lbs4oz and 22in , so yeah , and now at 2 months he is 15lbs and 251/4 in , so yeah it has to be set at the loosest possible , and it 's true that he is outgrowing it . But all infant carseats have the exact same limits for heights and weights !! I do n't understand the complaints on that matter ! The Graco snug ride has the exact same limits
 We bought this car seat to go with our Venezia stroller . Initially we were going to get the Graco Snug Ride until we saw how flimsy it sat in the stroller . Our daughter is four months old and we are still using this car seat . I feel that she is so secure in it , whether we are riding in the car or clicked into the stroller . Plus it has held up so well that I am sure that it can be used for all our future babies . I definately recommend it .
 I definitely feel that this seat is worth the extra money over the other popular seats . It seems to have more cushioning and just feels more substantial . I do agree with some of the other reviewers that the seat is warm . My son -LRB- who is 3 months now -RRB- sweats terribly in it , which is a problem since we live in Florida . He outgrew the head rest rather quickly , but he also had great head control and he hated the head rest -- I think he felt too confined . The only other drawback about the seat is its weight - very heavy . A plus is that it fits my Maclaren Global stroller very nicely . All in all , a good , safe seat .
 I was given the car seat from some friends of my parents . We had just had our 3rd child . . unprepared . . call it a suprise baby and had nothing . The seat was much better than any I used with my other two children . The baby fit so snuggly and it is perfect for undoing and readjusting straps . She is a hearty girl . . now over 14lbs at 3 months and fits perfectly in the seat . I can set it on grocery/shopping carts and it is easy to carry -LRB- besides the weight of baby -RRB- . We were recently in a major head on collision totalling our van . The baby and my 4 year old were in the car and because they were in the safest car seats they both survived . My baby I believe was truly kept safe by the carseat . It is a sturdy , secure , excellent made seat and although I would not have originally put the money out myself for such a pricey seat with the 3rd child , I would now . I recommend it to everyone I know . There is no price for safety and it 's the best seat out there for that .
 I received this car seat as a gift , along witht the Venezia stroller , and I have been very happy with both . My son weighed 9lbs 10 oz at birth , and at almost six months , weighs 19 lbs , and is 26 inches long . He still fits in the seat quite nicely , and 90 % of the time will fall asleep in the car , so I believe he is comfortable in it . The fabric washes very well , and after six months , our car seat still looks brand new . Most importantly , when he is in the car , the system is very secure . The straps are fully and easily adjustable , and so fit snugly against him -LRB- which is as it should be -RRB- . I find that the seat fits rather nicely into shopping carts , etc , but as one other reviewer said , that 's not what really matters anyway . Of course it 's a bit heavy with my son in it ... but would I feel safe in a crash if my baby were in a car seat that was not as sturdy ?
 This carrier is wonderful !!! We bought this car seat because we wanted something to carry our daughter around in . It has been terrific . It 's easy to put in the car and the LATCH system makes it so easy to remove the base as well as install it.The seat itself is so easy to install and remove from the car .
 This travel system is very easy to use ! Make sure the car seat works in your car before purchasing . The new base does not work in some cars !
 I received this car seat as a gift when my son was born and he is now 3 months old . This is the greatest car seat out there it has cushion in the bottom of the car seat and others are just cushioned on the cover . The person that said the child got to hot in the car seat , hello what car seat would a child not get hot in . My son loves his , he falls asleep everytime we put him in it . It was his bed his first 4 wks of life , since he would not sleep in his bed . INVEST IN THIS PRODUCT , IT IS MADE IN ENGLAND AND THERE SAFETY STANDARDS ARE HIGHER THAN THE US !!
 We have this seat as past of our Pliko travel system in the Chesapeake pattern . We have loved it so far . Our daughter looks very secure in it . The pattern is very sharp too ! The base is very easy to install in the car and the seat snaps easily into the base . The only bad part is that this seat should n't be used if your baby is over 20 pounds , which is less than most other infant seats .
 This car seat is great for small babies . My daughter is almost eleven pounds and still fits in her seat . It is probably due to the extra padding that is in it . I have read that it is heavy with bigger babies in it , but what car seat is n't ? The only down fall to this car seat is the handle ... I do have some trouble moving it down -LRB- esp . when the car seat is attached to the stroller -RRB- . Also , this car seat does not fit in a shopping cart like others do.Other then that this car seat is great .
 That 's one of the reasons I bought it . The other reason is because it 's the only carseat/base that would fit my car well -LRB- BMW 5 Series wagon -RRB- . I researched almost all the seats and tried about 7 at my babiesrus store parking lot . The Primo Viaggio was the easiest to use and also felf the most sturdy/solid of all . Some of the other seats seemed really flimsy and extremely light weight . I noticed that those did poorly in the CR test for saftey.I like the variable height adjustment on the base compared to the other seats which were preset heights adjustments . The height adjustment also helps to loosen or tighten the tethers . The level indicator is easy and is a must have for any carseat/base . It 's a little heavy but I 'm not a big guy guy either and I can still easily lift my daughter -LRB- 151/2 lbs -RRB- in the seat . My wife -LRB- petite -RRB- has to struggle a little but in the end she can manage easily enough . We use the seat on one of those universal car seat carriers which I highly recommend because they are a lot cheaper and work fine . I also like the mini latch snaps . These are the only latches that work well in my car - plus they are way easier to latch and unlatch than the typical latches on the other seats . I 've only seen these other latches on the Britax seats -LRB- my next purchase -RRB- . The disadvantages 1 . The hood does not come over far enough to block sun/wind/light . We always need and extra receving blanket draped over the front - easy to deal with though . 2 . She will grow out of it in about 2-3 weeks -LRB- she 's 22 weeks now -RRB- - the Primo Viaggio is probably one of the smaller car seats 3 . During the hot summer days it seems as if the seat was too hot for her -LRB- sweaty back and a lot of crying -RRB- . 4 . It was the most expensive seat - by far!Given the highest safety ratings by Consumer Reports and the listed advantages I can deal with the disadvantages . I do recommend buying one on EBAY though - I noticed you can get them for a lot less .
 This is a great seat . It 's easy to latch in your baby -LRB- once you get the hang of it -RRB- and get a good , snug fit . Our son would fall asleep in his car seat almost immediately every time we drove anywhere . I never had any trouble taking the seat on and off the base , or snapping it into the pliko stroller . Also a huge plus , it is compact enough to fit in smaller cars -- we have a vw beetle . The only drawback for us is that this seat is only for rear-facing use , and really is only suitable for newborns and smaller infants . Though peg perego says it can be used from birth to a year , at six months our son outgrew it .
 We bought this seat as part of a Peg Perego travel system - as well as an extra base for a second car and the clip on diaper bag for the stroller . Over all I think this was a great infant carrier . Our daughter did start to out grow it height wise before she was at the 20lb . weight limit , but the closer she got to the weight limit the harder it was to manage the carrier any way . Carrying a 20lb pocket book would be no easy task . Being able to get her in and out of the car and leave her sleeping was great.We found the latching system and fabric to be very durable and comfortable for our child.The Cons are the price - especially if you buy the pieces separately , the stroller is heavy -LRB- it not designed nor advertised to be light -RRB- which is a factor , the cleats in the stroller that latch on to the carrier are plastic - for the price metal would have been better . And again on the stroller it was not one that was truly one handed operation.I am still happy I had this model , but we only used the carrier for about the first 9 months or so and the stroller for the first year and half of our daughter 's life.We bought ours late summer that is generally when the model year changes . You may not get the latest fabric or feature but you will save big money , Check the web , sites like Baby Catalog of America 's website or Strollers4Less.com and compare prices . If you know you will be using the car carrier in more than one car regularly it is worth buying an extra base -LRB- sold separately -RRB- to put in the second car .
 I think this is a great car seat . We bought it with the Pliko P3 stroller and love them together . This car seat is heavy , but maybe that 's just because i 've got a big baby in it . At first , our son did n't like to be put in his carseat at all , but i would n't blame that on the brand of carseat . Now he practically falls asleep the second we put him in it . I think he likes the snugness of the seat . he is already almost 26 inches long and about 16lbs , at 4 months , and we really have no problem getting him to fit in it . Do n't know why people say that 's a problem . Also , one reviewer commented that you ca n't use the seat without the base ... HELLO !! you 're not supposed to because that 's really unsafe . I know some people use their Graco seats without the base if they switch cars because it 's got a slot for a seat belt to slip in ... I think that 's giving parents a false feeling of safety , like it 's okay to use the seat that way . wrong!The combo of this carseat and the nice , lightweight pliko p3 stroller is just great . I would never get a bulky graco stroller and therefore ca n't use their carseat , even though i know it gets good reviews , too . People complain about money , but this is your baby ! spend the extra bucks for something that works well !
 When my baby was 2 weeks old a lady hit our car . Needless to say the car and the carseat were totaled but no-one was hurt . I had the normal Graco $ 80 infant car seat for her and it was nice but when I went back to replace it the lady at the babies r us asked why I needed a new one and I explained the wreck to her . She told me not to consider any other than the Peg Perego for safety reasons alone . I am so happy I took her advice . I love it ! It is heavier than the other but the padding is 10 times thicker and it has much more cushion to support baby and her head . It has a really easy handle and great fabric that lets you wipe of the stains easily . Needless to say if I was doing this over again I would pay the extra money up front to get the best . When you come close to having your child hurt in a car accident the cheap ones just do n't hold up like the Peg Perego . I could not be happier with it !
 I love this car seat . I actually bought this carrier because it does weigh so much less than the other carriers I tested . I also had an eddie bauer carrier and hated it . The peg perego was much more compfortable for baby and lighter to carry a heavy baby . The material has held up extremely well and I will be using it shortly for my next child . I love the fact that you can just wipe it clean if you have any accidents . My only complaint is that my child grew out of it by 51/2 months of age . Other than that , I would highly reccomed it .
 Everyone told me to get a Graco but my mother -LRB- bring old school -RRB- said that Peg Perego was one of the best brands for babies and celebrities still used this brand . My daughter used this seat until she was one years old and 18 pounds.The only thing that I dislike about this seat was that it is extremley heavy -LRB- like 25 pounds before baby -RRB- so add 18 pounds and you get a heavy seat , but it is very sturdy and it has a great harness system !
 The Primo Viaggio is a wonderful car seat and well worth the money , WHILE IT LASTS . I bought this car seat and stroller before my daughter was born and was then very pleased with its preformance , looks and safety ratings . When she was born , the seat was a perfect fit , comfortable and safe for her . However , my daughter is now 4 months old and now no longer fits comfortably in the car seat , as she has quickly outgrown it . I 've heard this complaint from SEVERAL other parents about this seat , so I 'm not the only one . The car seat was a perfect fit for her until she hit 13lbs. , then it became TOO snug for her comfort . And now , at 4 months , snug is n't the word I 'd even use . She 's so uncomfortable and squished that a car ride is terrifying for her . I absolutely love this product , but am dissapointed that I only got 4 months of use out of it before I had to replace it . A wonderful car seat again , but a very costly shorterm investment .
 To the `` baby enthusiast '' who wrote about this carseat on May 6 , 2004 , her `` facts '' are unfounded . Consumer Reports did rank this carseat , and not the one she has , as # 1 . And yes , heavier does mean better for careseats . And Graco is required by law to tell consumers if their product is faulty and there is a recall ... they did n't just do it because they care . There is no question that this carseat is the safest and best carseat around .
 I chose this carseat based on its quality and style . I especially liked the fact that I could easily remove the carrier from my car and attach it to the Peg Perego stroller ! My daughter never complained about being in it ; both car rides and mall strolls were great . Also , the base was very easy to install into different cars . My only difficulties
 My husband and i truly love this car seat . We haven ; t had any issues with overheating altough our son was born in cold January . He was a big boy weighing in at 9.4 lbs , and he is quiet comfortable in this seat . Now at 12lbs we are still satisfied with our purchase . Saftey comes first and if that means he only uses it for the first 3 months of his life , so be it . We would certainly reccomend it to others .
 I purchased the Peg Perego car seat after being encouraged to do so by my mother . She is a big fan of Peg Perego products and used them for me when I was younger.The seat is a little heavier than other models but we love it . My husband prefers the design of this base system when we compared it to the Graco models . I am very happy and highly recommend this car seat .
 My sister and brother-in-law loaned us this seat when our baby was born -LRB- they kept the rest of the travel system -RRB- , and it worked great for us . It was easy to install , and very easy to strap our baby into . If you have a higher car -LRB- like our SUV -RRB- then it can be a bit of a struggle to lift the seat out if you 're on the short side . If you do n't want to spend the extra money on a travel system , or you got your seat second-hand like us you can purchase a universal car seat carrier -LRB- Kolcraft makes a great one for $ 30.00 -RRB- that adjusts to fit up to 12 different infant-seat brands . We used this with the seat until she outgrew the seat , and it was a great investment . When we have another baby we can just purchase an infant seat to use with the stroller frame . All in all , we were very happy with the carseat .
 The car seat is great , and snaps into the Venezia stroller perfectly . I would rate the stroller very highly , HOWEVER , beware of the 2003 model . The child snack tray sits on top of the bumper bar , -LRB- it does not snap into place -RRB- . At the very least , it is kicked out of place very easily . At the very worst , it is extremely easy to cut your arm on the sides of the tray while putting anything in it for your child . Other than that , great stroller . But you would think that if you are paying $ 300 for a stroller , the snack tray would fit .
 Oh please , could you people nit-pick a little bit more . This is the best Infant seat/carrier I have ever purchased !!! My daughter was 4lbs . 4 oz . when she was released from the hospital , after being 1 month premature . If it was n't for the Primo carrier I would not have been able to bring her home from the hospital . She absolutely loves this carrier , she is 61/2 months old now and weighs 131/2 pounds . I am getting my money 's worth with this carrier , she still has a few more months of use for it and when she outgrows it I am planning on donating it to a womens shelter .
 No question this is a great car seat for us . With a child that has always hated the process of getting strapped in it is a lifesaver not having to complete the task with each stop . I truely do n't find it heavy even with my little one reaching 15 lbs . I welcome the workout . We have the venezia stroller as well and are certainly getting our monies worth . I absolutely love the system and dread the day we can no longer use it . Even if it is only for 6 months at least it was a pleasant 6 months .
 The car seat is an infant carrier , people ! Of course your baby outgrows it quickly , it is designed for the convenience of taking young babies in and out of the car when you have your hands full of diaperbags and cell phones and all the other junk parents are forced to drag with them every time they leave the house .
 This travel system is the best . It is easy and safe for your child . All of our friends have it . It is not cheap but well worth the money . It is sturdy . The seat basically goes into the base by itself . However , I have never owned any other stroller but this one . It works so well and it is so easy to put in and out of your car and stroller . Just click and go . Good luck .
 Although we were considering a different car seat we went with this one based on several recommendations , especially for the matching stroller . At 6 months old our baby still fits in it , although he will outgrow it lengthwise before width . It is very sturdy which makes it a bit heavy but we usually put it on the stroller or in a store cart anyway . The only complaint was that it was difficult to place it in my car and our local police department had trouble getting a snug fit too . We had to add padding to the seat and now it 's a perfect fit . -LRB- You can also buy the base separately for additional cars . -RRB-
 We loved our Peg Perego infant car seat . With the headrest insert is was great for our 5 pound preemie and it grew with him . He is now 5 months old and is still able to use the seat . What we like best is that it snaps in and out of the car easily so that we do n't have to wake up the baby to get him out of the car . It also easily attached to the stroller by Peg Perego and unlike other travel systems this car seat does not attach to the tray of the stroller which is plastic , but to two latch style hooks in the seat of the stroller that are easily folded down for using the stroller after your child has grown out of the infant seat . We also picked this car seat because it was ranked very high for safety by Consumer Reports.Do keep in mind that an infant car seat is only for short time use . Once your baby reaches 20 pounds or 26 inches you need to get a new car seat .
 I 've read a lot negative reviews about this item . First and most common , `` my 6 month old out grew this '' well duh ! It and along with 95 % of ALL infant carriers is only intended for infants up to 27 inches , normally around 6 months of age . Do n't be a dumb parent and keep shoving your baby into a carrier if they 're over 27 inches , guess what you get into an auto accident and the insurance wo n't cover any injury to your baby or cover the cost for a new seat . They have height restrictions for a reason so follow them !!!!! It does have a lot of extra padding that most car seats do n't have so it is snug on the shoulder area BUT it 's SO much safer than GRACO car seats since it does have extra padding and a 5 point safety harness . We got into a car accident with this car seat and I credit the 5 point harness for no injury . Those crappy GRACO over the head straps would have resulted in my child being thrown from the carrier into the back of the seat . Another common complaint is that it does n't fit into carts . I 've yet to come across a cart that it does n't fit into ! You slide the metal cart back into the deep slot in the car seat pull the car seat forward until the slot that locks is over the metal bar above the cart handle . It 's easy to get in and out of the car and also into the Peg stroller . A word on the stroller , it 's heavy for a reason ! It 's built so much better that 's why , we have an SUV and I just keep it together in the back instead of folding it up . This is such a great car seat , it 's pricey for only getting 6 months use of it , I 'm pregnant with baby # 2 now so this has a lot of use ahead . It can be tricky to remove the cover but if you read the directions it 's not hard . Overall a MUCH BETTER SEAT THAN ANY OTHER INFANT CARRIER !
 We purchased this carseat for our daughter after much research and even buying and returning another brand . This carseat is safer than American Carseats because the standards are higher in Europe for Carseats . The thread count on the straps makes this a great buy not only because they are safer but they also do n't curl up like other brands . This carseat does not weigh 25 lbs . like some people state . It is slightly heavier than others but not enough to tell . It goes awesome with the stroller because it is lightweight and can travel in smaller spaces better . LOVE IT !
 I bought the Pegperego Travel system that came with this car seat . I found it # 1 in safety and since it came together I bought it . The Carseat is a little heavier but I found it does not jiggle around once placed in the car . Other carseats do no matter how tightly you place them . Primo Vaggio was easy to remove and carry . I feel better with this one than a lighter one . The stroller has the attachments on the seat instead of the tray and it is much more sturdy than others . I LOVE this system .
 I do n't know why there are so many negative reviews about this carseat and stroller . My husband and I love both of them , and our daughter settles down everytime we lock her in . Our baby was born in the fall , so I ca n't say anything bad about the fabric either . The carseat is heavier than most , but it makes me feel better knowing that if we were in an accident it 's less likely to move around like the lighter ones.We chose this set after extensive research online . We were orignally going to register for a Graco set because of the price difference , but right before we did that carseat was recalled for missing parts . Then I read an article in a magazine which ranked this Peg Perego set # 1 for safety . I also liked how this carseat is anchored into the seat portion of the stroller compared to some carseats which locked into the tray portion of the stroller . That just did n't seem very safe to me.I also do n't understand why people complain about their baby outgrowing their carseat . It does n't matter what brand you buy , almost all infant seats go to 20 pounds or 26 inches . If that is a problem for you , then I suggest you buy a convertible carseat .
 We actually have this seat in the grey charcoal color . But regardless of the color , we love the seat . Our baby seems to love it as well . We also purchased the Peg Perego Atlantico Trek Stroller and this car seat snaps into it with ease . The seat is easy to insert and remove from our car as well . Also , the fabric and quality of the seat is fantastic.But most importantly , the seat is strong and stable in the car and seems very , very safe . Excellent product !
 Having read some of the reviews , the love / hate relationship that customers have with the Peg Perego infant seat is clear . But for those who believed Peg Perego 's claim that this seat would be viable up to the first birthday should re-check standard growth charts for infants
 Consumer Reports has a book that rates the baby products that are most commonly used . The 2004 edition -LRB- printed in February of 2004 -RRB- clearly states on page 109 that the Graco SNUGRIDE is number one , BUT not by much ! The only difference is Graco received and Excellent in belt -LRB- crash protection -RRB- and latch -LRB- fit to vehicle -RRB- whereas Peg received a score of Very Good . These are the only differences listed .
 This is by far the best carseat on the market . I received the Graco Quattro Tour system which includes the Snugride Carseat and the Peg Perego P3 Stroller with Primo Viaggio Seat as shower gifts . My husband and I decided to use both on our baby and then give the other system to friends who are expecting . We found Peg Perego is the best product by far . The Infant seat is much more stylish and comfortable for baby . Our son has no trouble being placed in the seat and the material is soft and beautiful . I do n't understand the other comments that say their baby sweats a lot when placed in this seat ... does the baby have 4 layers of blankets on or something ? The seat Canopy is better than the Snugride and so is the way the seat clicks into the base . We found it to be much sturdier . We also found that the Peg seat is better as a travel system with the matching stroller . The seat attaches to the Pliko Stroller with metal anchors as apposed to sitting on the top of the Graco stroller . Yes , you do snap little plastic pieces over the seat in the Graco , but the metal anchors and the position of the infant seat in the Peg stroller is by far superior . The only thing I liked better on the Graco Snugride is the feel of the handle , it grips a little better than the Peg . Even though it 's a little more expensive , the Peg Perego products are better ... and once you are finished using them , sell it on Ebay ! The used infant seats and especially the strollers go for a lot of money , far more than Graco products .
 I love this seat . I bought it to match the Aria stroller -LRB- also a wonderful Peg product ! -RRB- . My daughter has not had any problems with it being too small and she is almost four months old and far from out growing it . Also , it is not any heavier than her Graco car seat . As for the sun shade I am not sure what the problem is . Ours blocks the sun as well as any car seat ! Granted this car seat is almost twice the price of the others but you get what you pay for . Have you felt the padding in some of the others ? This car seat is the best in the market ... trust me I did my research .
 My husband and I adore this carrier/car seat . Not only does it look great but it is so easy to use ! The seat attaches and detaches so easily from the base and the base is super easy to move from car to car regardless of using the LATCH or regular seat belts . Very easy to use once you `` play '' with it a few times ... we will never buy any other brand !!!!
 Cozy fit , reliable . Baby sweat in the seat often , though . I 'd still buy it again .
 My husband -LRB- MD -RRB- and I -LRB- RN -RRB- both work in ERs , and wanted to be sure that our son got the safest seat available . After much research , this was a close second behind the Britax Marathon convertible . We mainly bought it because baby boy would be transferrable in this seat from car to stroller or house without much disruption if he was sleeping . He fits in the seat just fine at 4-1/2 months and 15 # . It is a warm , snug seat , but it 's still wintertime -LRB- supposedly ! -RRB- in Seattle . My biggest complaint is that the `` Warning '' tag inside the seat has been fraying for weeks now . We 're buying the Britax soon .
 I used to own a Baby Bjorn and used it with our first child -LRB- lost it when we moved -RRB- . I hated to spend Bjorn money so I opted for the less expensive Snugli . This is very similar to the Bjorn in how you insert and remove your child . I would say it is no harder or easier to use.So , here is why I like the Snugli better
 We received this carrier and a Baby Bjorn carrier for our baby . I much prefer the Snugli ! With the Baby Bjorn , my shoulders hurt after a few minutes of walking . I can wear the Snugli carrier for hours and it does n't bother me . I think that it is because of the waist strap . It seems to distribute the load more evenly . We go hiking and walking in this . I am not a big person , and it fits perfectly . It also fits my husband who is much bigger and taller than I am . The latches are very sturdy on ours , but I do always check them before we go anywhere . I think that should be done with all carriers . To sum up , if you are choosing between this carrier and a Baby Bjorn , I would go with this one . It is less expensive -LRB- the Baby Bjorn is very pricey -RRB- , more comfortable , and it holds a higher weight .
 My husband and I tried several cheaper carriers with our baby . Not only did he hate them -LRB- screamed the minute he was put into any of them -RRB- , but they were very uncomfortable and painful to wear with baby in front position . Since our son was too young to be in back-pack style it was important to us to find a front carrier that he could accept and which did n't kill our shoulders and back.We saw someone else with a child in this Evenflo Snugli carrier while on an outing at the zoo . It looked awesome , the dad wearing it looked extremely comfortably as did baby . We asked him about it and he said it was one of the best buys he and his wife made and that the baby in it was baby number two - he had used it for 3 years with his oldest child . This was testimony to the fact that the product is not only good but durable and lasts . We went home and ordered it right away . Our baby LOVES it ! He can be in the front next to our chest and face either in or out . When he is bigger he can be in it back-pack style . It is the only carrier that he tolerates and , best of all , it gives you excellent back support so your shoulders are n't doing all the work and getting damaged . Awesome product ! Do n't hesitate with the price , it 's worth every penny . We even used it on a 2 hour uphill hike and amazingly there was no back or shoulder pain afterwards .
 Altough a littlebit too hard to adjust when used by mother and father at the same .
 This is a fantastic baby carrier ! It is super comfortable with the padded shoulder straps , and the lower back straps too - no major strain on one shoulder or on the back . My baby is super relaxed and comfortable because she can be all snuggled up with me . She falls asleep in this carrier , and enjoys being able to look around at everything that I 'm is doing when she 's awake . Baby loves to be held all the time , and this makes it possible to get things done around the house easily ! Not girly in any way , so the men can be comfortable carrying baby around in this as well . Definitely a great buy in every way , including a more attractive price than compatible carriers !
 Overall very good , but assembly could be easier , takes a while.Still , it is highly recommended .
 I bought this for my niece , and it was the hit of the baby shower . The separate pieces are charming and beautiful . They are also very well designed for a baby 's use . I highly recommend it -LRB- and so does my niece -RRB- .
 I 'm always interested in what others have to say about items that I might buy . I 'm also always humored by two things : `` I just got X in the last week but here 's what I think ... `` AND `` It 's so difficult to set up ... `` I do n't usually write a review , but had to in this case . The Baby Jogger Performance Single Car Seat Adapter is simple to set up , contrary to what MANY reviewers have stated . I 'm not an engineer or a mechanic . I use my hands , but that 's only to stick needles into people to cure diseases.Basically , I took the Adapter , lined up the screw holes to the Jogger , and screwed the thing in . It took me about ten minutes , mostly because I was trying to find my screwdriver that my three year-old had borrowed.Good luck . It 's a great item and my wife already loves it . Oh , and we 've had it only about a week ... hahaha .
 My son is 7 months old and I still use the adapter , even though he 's big enough to sit in the Baby Jogger on his own . I get to interact with him , it 's easier for him to nap -LRB- his favorite thing to do when we head out for a run -RRB- , and it 's easier to keep him bundled and warm in the colder weather . Also , the path I run on is alongside a busy road and having him in his car seat allows me to protect him from flying pebbles , exhaust , etc. . Obviously , I have to switch him out soon , but it 's been such a great thing I 've used since he was 2 weeks old ! I 've gotten my money 's worth !
 I installed this adapter onto a 2001 Baby Jogger II , after calling Baby Jogger and learning that they sell the same adapter kit for all of their recent jogging strollers with 20 '' wheels , regardless of actual product name . The adapter works very well with our Graco infant seat now that it is installed , but the installation was not a trivial effort . No only did the adapter come with no instructions , but the instruction PDF that I found on Baby Jogger 's website is very vague and the pictures are almost worthless . Fortunately , I 'm a tinkerer and quickly determined that the spacers on both the stroller and that came with this adapter were too big , so I just cut them down to size and found some extra washers in my toolbox . I had the adapter connected after about an hour of finding instructions , deciphering them , discarding them and , finally , doing my own thing .
 I was a little skeptical about this adapter after reading the reviews here . Would it be difficult to install -LRB- I read one reviewer say they had to drill holes -RRB- ? Is it flimsy ? Will it work ? After testing it out on a hilly 5k course , I can safely say that this adapter does exactly what it is supposed to do!I do agree that the instructions are a bit cryptic , but once you figure out where everything goes , it 's a snap to put together . I think they need a few more pictures in their instructions . You do need a wrench for the hex bolts . I installed the plastic clips up on the side bars below the handles right above the first snap . Then I bolted in the adapter . You have to remove the bolt that 's in the middle of the side bars and replace it with the long bolt that comes with the adapter . You do NOT have to drill any holes . Once I got everything put together , I snapped in my Graco snugride 32 -LRB- with baby inside -RRB- and was good to go ! I actually forgot to strap in the carseat with the attached belt for the 5k . Oops.My only regret is that I did n't wait another month to purchase this , as the price went down . Oh well . It 's definitely worth it if you are a runner , especially if you are training for a race with a baby . I have a half marathon coming up in a month , and will take my baby along for my long training runs .
 Beautiful bed . But it is small ; before buying I tried to compare with twin bed but this is really just a bigger toddler bed . My 6 year old will have outgrown very soon which is a bummer since I just bought this . Certainly not for 10 year old as given by Stokke .
 I am so thrilled with my new stroller ! I spent a lot of time researching for the perfect stroller . I have a 4 yr old and a 19 month old and our old stroller finally gave out . I wanted something compact and light . Something stylish yet practical . I was finally trying to decide between the Graco Quattro and the Pliko P3 . Ultimately I chose against the Graco because of the size . I am so glad I did ! The Pliko opens and closes beautifully . The steering is smooth and easy . My 4 yr old loves to stand on the back and my 19 mo old loves the comfort of the seat . The adjustable handles are perfect for my 6 ' 1 '' husband and for myself -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- . The umbrella cover snaps on and removes very easily and it also closes over the stroller competely . The basket is on the smaller side but it works wonderfully for me . I bought a diaper bag that hangs on the handles , and I actually like it more because everything is so accessible . It is in the pricer side , but you really do get what you pay for . It also got great ratings on Consumer Reports . I bought it in mint . Did I mention how happy I am with this stroller ?
 The second I laid eyes on this stroller , I fell in love ! It is a beautiful stroller . You can see and feel the excellent quality of the stroller . It is super light weight and to use the matching car seat , is as simple as 1-2-3 ! The stroller folds very compactly as opposed to other big strollers . The weight is what sealed the deal . It is VERY light weight ! Very impressed with the stroller ! The price was n't even an issue when I realized the superb quality of the stroller !
 We have gone through 2 strollers to find the right one that does it all . This would be the ONE !!! Liteweight , trendy , compact , many amenities . Our little girl 23months loves it . When she feels restless we pop of the cup bar , put on the harness and she feels not so trapped in . Lots of room for her to move and is comfortable enough for her to lay back and nap . A must need stroller for every Mommy !!!
 I 'm using this for my 2 and 4 year old girls . I LOVE it ! My little one is completely cozy in the seat and can nap comfortably , while my 4-year old is thrilled to hop on the back and go for a ride ! We 've gone for 45 + minute walks that included hills , curbs , etc. , and she and I are both completely comfortable . It 's a breeze to push , turn , maneuver , etc. , even WITH my 4-year old on the back ! It 's also easy to transport , and we travel a lot , so that 's important . I sold my Joovy Caboose -LRB- which I was REALLY disappointed with -RRB- after I bought this . We 're finally a one stroller family !
 I love my PEG stroller and infant seat . I use it everywhere I go . The stroller is so lightweight and compact and it is super easy to fold . Even when I am in a hurry in the rain . The only drawback is the infant seat is kind of heavy . I am really petite and it is almost too heavy for me to carry . As long as I am going right into the stroller it is fine . It does seem to be safe though . But the stroller definitely deserves five stars ! My husband and I both love it !
 I had been using a graco stroller that went with our infant carrier and It was such a pain . I finally saved enough money for this one and it was so worth it ! I love it . It 's east to fold , carry and steer . I can steer it with one hand opposed to fighting with my other one when using one hand !! It also has shoulder straps to keep my little escape artist from climbing out !!
 I bought several strollers trying to find THE ONE . I found it with this stroller . looks great , moves with ease , baby appears comfortable , hood moves all the way down blocking sun , easy to close and open , lightweight . I ca n't think of any negatives . it 's pricey but well worth it .
 This is the best stroller ! It was easy to put together , folds up fairly small , is relatively light , and is easy to open and fold back up ! It is easy enough to push with the baby in it while carrying my 3 year old , and steers like a dream . It seemed like a lot to spend on a stroller , but there is no comparison to the $ 150 Gracos or Evenflos .
 Love this stroller . When I had my little girl , I was looking for something to replace the strollers my two sons had worn out or no longer needed - at the time we had the worn out stroller , the travel system , the double jogger , the heavy duty stroller , the umbrella stroller and one more to boot . I had heard friends give good reviews of this stroller , loved the maneuverability and it was lightweight and compact like an umbrella stroller , but full function . I also love that the shade comes all the way down to shade a sleeping baby . I fell in love with the darling pink version , after having had two boys this really appealed to me . Living overseas with the military at the time , I was fortunate to be able to get it for a fraction of the price that it sells for here , but after having used it , it would have been worth it to me for the full price over here - it really does replace several strollers with a high quality all in one . I would say it would not serve the same function as the heavy duty all terrain stroller we had , but a good baby backpack works better for those scenarios anyway -LRB- I recommend Kelty backpacks -RRB-
 I always wanted a Peg Perego stroller . It is light in weight , it 's comfortable , a lot of people complaint about how you can not used the basket underneath when the seat it is totally reclined , I do n't see the problem because you can put your shopping bags or other stuffs from the front of the stroller , there is plenty of room . My only complaint will be that the seat does not recline completely flat . But after all this is a great stroller I even used it as a bassinet next to my bed until my daughter was 2 weeks old . LOve it . . love it .
 I have a 4 year old son and an 8 month old daughter . I had always used a full-sized Graco stroller , but now with two kids I was looking for a more lightweight stroller that would n't compromise on quality . I looked around quite a bit and tested tons of strollers in the store , but all of the lightweight ones lacked features that I love . Most did n't have a child tray and they did n't seem as comfortable as a full-sized stroller . Finally I came across the Peg Perago P3 . It is lightweight , but the padding is very cushioned and soft . The hood is sturdy and can be pulled forward to keep my little girl out of the sun . The child tray is great and I love the parent cup holder . I thought initially that I would miss the bar-type push handle but I actually like the separate handles - they are comfortable to hold and easy to steer . The stroller is a snap to open and close and it folds compactly . It is a pleasure to fold the P3 up and lift into the back of my Explorer - I do n't miss lifting my heavy Graco stroller into the back of my SUV . The available patterns are very nice and the stroller padding is removable for easier cleaning . My son enjoys riding on the back of the stroller when he does n't feel like walking . The basket is a good deal smaller than in my Graco stroller , but it would be unrealistic to expect a full-sized basket in a lightweight compact stroller . I purchased a new diaper bag that hangs on the stroller and it works wonderfully . Also , another reviewer stated that Consumer Reports rated the P3 poorly for safety but that is incorrect . The Peg Perego Aria stroller was rated `` poor '' for safety - the Peg Perego P3 received a `` good '' safety rating .
 I love this stroller . I loved my graco travel system but the stroller would n't fit in the trunk of my car so I was off to find one that would . I found this one . And it is great the way it folds up and it even leaves some room in the trunk for bags etc. . I love the colors of the stroller . I only wish that there was a better place/way for the parents drink ... but as my baby is small I have been using her cup holder as it is more stable . That is the only complaint I would have ... this guy is light weight and pushes with ease !
 great for playing . keeps my baby entertained as she streches her legs to kick the buttons and see the animals pop up . she get 's a kick out of it . Also , i 'm able to see my baby which is the main purpose for the purchase . my baby having fun was an added in bonus .
 I love this item . It is functional in that I can see the baby when her car seat is reversed ... also it gives her something to look at while I am driving . She is still young but the bright colors seem to keep her attention . She coos at the cat in the picture . HIghly recommend .
 i got this toy at my shower . everytime you put the carseat in , it gets in the way . it moves all over the place . it has a tiny mirror in it . i took it back & bought the one by fisher price . it has a remote control , music & lights . it 's very convenient & i love it ! i would recommend that one instead for only $ 5.00 more !
 We started off with the Graco Travelite and when it was damaged beyond repair we went looking for a replacement . Our key points were weight and ease of transportation -LRB- including how compactly it would pack -RRB- . This stroller fit the bill very nicely on both counts . The Aria MT stroller is extremely light -LRB- we thought the Graco Travelite was light but this is even lighter -RRB- and very easy to pack up -LRB- the handle folds inwards - which a lot of strollers do n't do - to reduce footprint when storing in trunk of car -RRB- . We have a daughter so the pink color option worked out well . This is not the cheapest stroller around but so far very impressed .
 Lightweight , easy to fold plus it stands on its own when folded . Which comes in handy when I am alone w / my daughter . I also love that it has a tray that my lil one uses as a foot rest . Smoothest ride in town . One con is that the stroller shade is n't big at all not enough sun shade , so I brought a sun shade .
 After 3 months of struggling with a bulky travel sytem stroller , I decided that I needed an everyday lightweight stroller . I LOVE that the Aria weighs only 9 pounds ! It folds up smoothly and is extremely easy to unfold-I can do it one handed ! I love that it has varying reclining/sitting positions-all you have to do is pull the tab ! It 's virtually fool proof ! The Aria also has the largest bottom basket of all the lightweight strollers . A great thing to have ! I have not had any steering problems . After weeks of research and many nights at Babies R Us testing out every stroller , I am SUPER HAPPY that I spent the money on this fabulous stroller !
 I purchased this blanket set for a carriage for my 1st grandchild . The carriage was my son 's and is 30 years old . My daughter-in law said she would love to have it for their 1st child . The carriage is in excellent condition but I needed the pillow and blanket to make it complete . The blanket is a little thin but the pillow is perfect and makes the carriage complete . The fabric is a pretty eyelet .
 Very nice padding , not too high so your child can still see out and still be involved with what 's going on around them . A good quality product .
 this car seat travel bag is something that from now on i wo n't be with out cause it does it 's job and it comes in really handy , it is a product that has to be tryed by those who think it might not be worth it but it is worth it cause i did n't think much of it until my wife to me that it would be a great idea and to my surprise it is a great idea , you should try it i bet you anything you would like it .
 I was hesitant to check my daughter 's carseat on the airline but the travel bag was great . Not only did the carseat arrive and return in great shape but I was able to put a pack of diapers , pack of pull-ups , potty seat , even some snack size food in with it .
 This bag has been so convenient ! I can fit both of my kid 's carseats in one bag -LRB- Britax Roundabout and Graco Booster with a back -RRB- . Even though I have two bags it 's easier to lug just one while traveling alone with the kids . It rolls so nicely ! It has held up pretty well considering it has flown with us on many , many flights in the past 3 years .
 My Marathon car seat fit perfectly in the bag with plenty of space for toys and books . The strap makes it easy to carry the akwardly shaped bag on your shoulder or even across your torso . I checked the bag at the airport twice and noticed minor wear and tear , but nothing too major .
 Granted , we 've only traveled once with this carrier bag , but it fit both our Britax infant carrier car seat AND its base and made our trip much easier . On the return trip we filled the bag with the carrier and its base and heaps of clothes and it came through perfectly . Too bad it does n't come with a sherpa or strongman to carry it after you load it down !
 This is a great way to protect your carseat while traveling by air . We had one previously that was left in a rental car and just purchased another one . Have n't had any problems with either one .
 We have twins , so we have to lug two car seats around . This bag really helped . We were able to link it around our stroller handle , which made cruising through the airport fairly easy . When my husband had to carry it , he wished the strap was a little bit padded , but he said it was n't too bad -LRB- hence the four stars -RRB- . Overall , it made our trip easier , and protected our car seats , which was also important . If you travel on planes even twice a year , it 's well worth the investment .
 It did its job for an extended round-trip flight . The bag fit our Cosco Summit High-back Booster -LRB- with base attached -RRB- , though it was tight to get it in . I also question the durability of the material , since it already has a tear from handling from one round-trip flight -LRB- it was gate-checked each connection -RRB- . It would also be nice if there were two straps , like a back-pack , instead of the single strap . Lastly , the treatment chemicals on the bag , set off an airport chemical sniffer , so it had to be searched in detail .
 I recently used this bag to hold my 4 year olds Graco booster seat . It fit perfectly with plenty of room for other things . I actually filled a garbage bag with diapers , baby food , toys , etc. and was able to fit it in the bag with the booster . I was a little concerned about it because the material it 's made of is somewhat thin , but it held up well . It would be nice if it had back pack type straps . But other than that I would recommend it .
 I bought this item for our first plane trip with our 22 month old son . It was definately worth the money . Our Alpha Elite car seat fit fine in it and we had LOTS of extra room to put things in that we did not have room in our luggage for . The strap on the back made it comfortable to carry . We checked in in with our baggage as we did not have a seat for our son and did not need it on the plane and it protected the car seat well . Would recommend buying this if you are traveling with young children .
 This is the best travel bag out there ! Our evenflo triumph fits perfectly in this and it was such a breeze to carry the car seat around . It 's the best money spent for your little one ifyour traveling . YOu can also fit other stuff in the bag . it 's just perfect .
 My husband and I love the large size of this car seat travel bag . The material of the bag has held up well for two trips already . The infant carseat and base fit in the bag while plenty of room to spare . We even took this bag on a trip when we did n't need to bring a carseat . It is so large that you can throw all your dirty clothes and large size items -LRB- that might not fit in a regular sized suitcase with wheels -RRB- . Great buy for the price .
 This bag was great . I was surprised by the sturdy , heavyweight nylon , given the reasonable price . Although I had to wrestle with the heavy nylon to get my mammouth Marathon in the bag , it fit without any problem . AND , there was still room for my sons clothes and diapers in the bag . I also like the rubber handle , that allowed me to drag it through the check-in line . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars , was that it would have been nice to have 2 straps to wear it as a back pack , instead of one that I had to sling over one shoulder . The single strap worked in a pinch , but was n't comfortable . I would definitley recommend this bag !
 The first time I bought this product was for my toddler when we did her first trip on airplane . We have used this bag for two roundtrips
 We have a Britax Marathon and an even larger Summit high-back booster . -LRB- And I mean HIGH BACK . The thing is TALL . -RRB- The Summit is tight -LRB- have to lower the headrest to lowest setting -RRB- but zips up fine in this bag . Practice a little first before your trip . Nice to have the extra hollow space in the bag to put loose items . Also like that there are multiple places to clip the extra-long adjustable strap , so you can find the position that 's easiest for you . Car seats are pretty heavy , though . Would be nice if that shoulder strap were padded in some way . I 'll probably take a shoulder pad off an old laptop case and thread it on there next time . The sturdy rubber handle on the back of the seat bag was also very helpful for hauling it up onto x-ray belts , etc.Gate-checked with no problem ; no missing buttons or plastic parts ! -LRB- Tried this before without the bag , and had to purchase replacement parts when we got home . -RRB- It even had to come out on the conveyor belt with the regular baggage when we came through customs , and was just fine . Hope Amazon restocks this item soon . Have found it available elsewhere online - it 's worth looking around for !
 I was worried that this travel bag would not be big enough to hold an infant rear facing seat . I was worried it was designed for a toddler size one piece seat . I should n't have worried . This bag fit the infant seat PLUS its base . In addition we were able to put our coats into the bag along with the seat at the airport so we did n't have to drag the coats on the plane . I would recommend this bag to anyone who travels with an infant !
 We used this car seat bag for an overseas flight . We used it to cover our Britax Wizard , which is a pretty huge carseat.On our return flight , we had more luggage than we intended to have , we actually used the extra space in the car seat bag to carry soft toys and blankets whioch was a nice bonus . ; -RRB- It 's more rugged than I had hoped and I am very happy with the purchase . I would definitely recommend this particular car seat bag to other travelling parents .
 We are so happy with the Travel bag , we are wondering what we have done for so long without one . We were able to fit a Cosco Car Seat and a Graco booster seat in the bag and had room for diapers etc.This was a great purchase .
 I was very happy with the travel bag . I have an Evenflo Triumph car seat and it fit in there with a little extra room . There was a slight tear after our trip , but I would expect that with two flights .
 I agree with the other reviewers . This is a great product . I saw a similar one for sale online for ... over twice the price ! I highly recommend it whether you 're checking the car seat or just need to schlep it through the airport . It makes the schlepping easier too .
 Always used it when we went on plane rides . Easy to use . Just zip and put your seat right in.Great shoulder strap . Will buy again !
 I used this travel bag for a full-sized child safety seat from Graco . Not only did it easily accommodate the seat , there was room to spare . -LRB- I also have an Eddie Bauer seat that it will probably be used for eventually , too . -RRB- Like I 've seen in other people 's reviews around the web , I tossed in some extra diapers and wipes and other things that I did n't mind getting thrown around in luggage.The cover held up beautifully , even under United 's rough handling . This is what I was looking for - something durable with a heavier gauge than the red seat covers you see that look like they are made from a thin nylon.The cover was excellent and I can see it lasting through other trips as well . If you run across one , I recommend that you grab it up immediately .
 Great purchase ! It kept my sons Britax car seat from getting wet and dirty ! Could be a bit longer to fit a Britax car seat with a GoGo Kidz TravelMate attached !
 I had bought this right before we moved 1/2 ways across the world . It was perfect . We were able to fit out Chicco Keyfit and teh Graco Turbo booster in this bag . It turned out that we needed an extra bag , so I took the carseat out and replaced it with the First Years reclining booster seat -LRB- for eating -RRB- , a boppy and some clothes and had a ton of room . For the price it did exactly what it was supposed to do . The only thing that would make this product better is to have wheels and a handle .
 I bought the Eddie Bauer Car Seat Travel Bag to fit my Britax Roundabout carseat . It fit with room to spare . It kept my carseat clean and not damaged when checking it as luggage at the airport ! Great product !
 We bought this bag to protect our Evenflo Triumph car seat on our first flight with all the baby equipment . I had seen people check their car seats in garbage bags before , but wanted the car seat to be protected . The car seat fit in easily with plenty of room to spare . We packed my son 's clothes for a week in the bag too . The straps are a little awkward , but we were able to get everything checked in OK . The bag still looks brand new after our trip ! We had a total of 4 different flights . There will be room to add a booster seat in the same bag when baby # 2 comes along . I know we will get a ton of use from this bag in the years to come !
 We used this bag on our recent summer vacation . So far so good . No rips - even with checking it as luggage . Holds a Britax car seat easily along with lots of toys and diapers - good extra space if you need it .
 I love this bag ! I bought 2 of them for our boys ' car seats -LRB- each has the Eddie Bauer 3 in 1 seat -RRB- and they fit perfectly with lots of room to spare . I was able to throw a bag of diapers in as well as all of our coats and still have plenty of room left over . I was very pleased with the construction - the only recommendation I have is to make it with backpack straps . OTher than that , you ca n't beat it for $ 20 ! I had ordered the more expensive ones from One Step Ahead and it was on backorder for months - I 'm glad I cancelled that to get this one !
 This bag is just what we needed . Last time we took the carseat to the airport we put it in the box it came in which got beat up and was hard to handle . This bag was wonderful !! The carseat fit in it no problem and the strap made it much easier to carry it through the airport . I wish I had it the first time we traveled !
 I was truly at a lost on how I was going to take my 10 month old on her first trip by plane . I was the sole adult traveling and this BAG made carrying that bulky car seat a breeze ! AND I did not worry so much about it being damaged before reaching out destination .
 We have 4 young children and purchased 4 of these great travel bags only nights before our trip . What a great find at the greatest price . We have all large Britax Marathon car seats that fit easily into the bags and survived their journey unscathed ! I highly recommend the purchase for as many as you need !!!
 This car seat travel bag is great ! I have the Evenflo Triumph seat , and it fit with room to spare , allowing me to pack other things with the seat . The material is heavy duty , and it has great carrying straps making it easy to get in and out of the airport . A smart purchase for anyone who is taking a trip via plane .
 Always great for extra luggage items . The car seat is not considered extra luggage so you can pack other items inside at no charge!Great item overall !
 In the past I always used a heavy trash bag to put my carseat into . Not this time . It was perfect . When I got off the plane the carseat was in the same condition it was when I checked it in . I was also able to put some of my babies toys in the bag that we did n't have room for in the suitcases . I would truely recomend this item to anyone who is traveling with a carseat .
 We have been using these Car Seat Travel bags -LRB- two car seats -RRB- for over two years now and they are doing very well . They have survived a few international flights , some trans-oceanic flights , and several trips in the continental US . The shoulder strap is solid and allows one person to wheel luggage and carry two car seats .
 the bag is sturdy and does the job - covers the carseat ! we are really happy we bought it and we able to bring our own seat on our vacation . it arrived quickly and served it 's purpose .
 This easy to use bag makes it easy to travel with your car seat and keep it from getting dirty in travel . For 20 dollars it 's worth is especially when transporting 250 dollar car seats . It easily fit my britax marathon and the shoulder strap made it easy when I was traveling with my son alone .
 I love this product ! My family and I went to New York and the Cape Cod for ten days . This travel bag allowed us to carry not only our car seat but several other items we were having trouble fitting in our regular suitcase . It also fits either of our car seats and neither of them are Eddie Bauer . The product is affordable and a must have for a traveling family !!!
 I purchased this car seat bag to use for airline travel . The 2nd time after I checked it as luggage , it had a big hole/rip in the bottom of it . Since the fabric of the bag seems to be pretty sturdy , I was pretty surprised to see the hole , especially only after being checked as luggage twice . But I used duct tape to fix the hole , and it survived two more trips . Overall , this is a great bag -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- -- but just know that it can rip if you 're checking it as luggage .
 We purchased this bag to use with our first trip with our two month old . The bag not only held her car seat and car seat base , but several articles of clothing . Considering airline restrictions on the number of bags , this item was great to pack the car seat and additional item . The bag also held up well through the entire trip !
 We bought the carrier to use on our first airplane trip with our daughter . It had tons of room ! We should have practiced first - instead , we were trying to figure out which way the car seat fit in the bag in the dark at the airport . But once we got that figured out , there was still room for a blanket , 3 winter coats , and excess toys , etc. of our daughter 's . It would be nice if the bag has wheels , as it 's a little cumbersome as a duffle bag - but that 's what Dad 's are for ! The fabric is very sturdy and there is a small zippered pouch on the outside to put the strap in when checking the bag .
 My family has travelled extensively since our twins were born in March . We unfortunately did n't have this with us on our first trip and it rained so the boys ' seats were wet when we picked them up at baggage claim . So when we got home I went right out and purchased two bags . We have used them over and over with infant carriers and bases and were even able to use the extra space when we overpacked suitcases . Other than the plastic strap loop breaking on us we love it and you ca n't beat the price !
 I bought this to carry my infant car seat on a trip to Florida w / my 5 month old son . I had the baby a Very large diaper bag , 2 suitcases and my purse . The car seat fit in this bag beautifully and it has a shoulder stap that made carring it a breeze . I do n't think I would have made it through the airport , to the car or anywhere without it -LRB- due to lack of a third hand -RRB- I would definitly recommend it . Especially if you do any lots of traveling with baby .
 Inexpensive solution for flying with an infant car seat . Before purchasing this bag , we would pack our car seat in a plastic bag for travelling . However , almost everytime the plastic bag would fall off . No protection . This Eddie Bauer bag stays on and so far , has n't torn.Tip
 We have the Britax Marathon car seat and recently took a trip to Spain . When we booked our flight with British Airways we asked for an infant seat . We thought that meant we could take his car seat on the plane , but we later found out -LRB- at check-in time -RRB- that an infant seat means your child sits on your lap ! Had we not put our carseat in the travel bag , it would have been ruined in the cargo hold . This carrier is excellent . It held up perfectly as we traveled to England and Spain . Plus , we were able to stuff some clothes in the bag along with the car seat . The bag and the car seat came through with out a scratch ! It 's a great bargain for only 19.99 !! -LRB- We did use the car seat in our rental car ! -RRB- And ... no problems fitting the very large Britax Marathon in the carrier !
 We bought this bag in preparation of our first trip home with our 3 month old . We were flying home for Thanksgiving just a few weeks before moving home for the winter . Great things about this bag : * Carrying strap - just throw it over your shoulder and go - or use the hand strap on the top to grab it at baggage claim . * Extra space - in addition to fitting my daughter 's infant carrier and base in the bag , it also held 5 regular size jackets and 14 sweatshirts . It was wonderful to have the extra space ! * Durability - this bag took the same handling as our luggage and came out looking great ! * Best of all - it was a freebie , since we flew Delta , this is the only airline I can speak for , but we had one extra piece of luggage and since this was the baby carrier , they do n't charge you for it ! * And of course the side pocket , you can put the carrying strap in and I put a few trash bags so that when we needed to get the car seat out , all I had to do was stick the clothes in the trash bags and then right back into the travel bag.Not one bad thing to say about it , if you plan on flying and are not taking your car seat on the airplane , I would say that this is a must have . Plus it will grow with you , we also bought a convertible seat for my daughter and the Alpha Omega Elite fits in this bag just as easily as the infant carrier .
 I just purchased and used this carseat travel bag and I have to say that I could n't have gotten along without it . The material is fairly durable considering all that the airlines put luggage through and even though the bag came out a `` little '' beat up , I would hate to see what the carseat would look like without it!Eddie Baur did a great job of giving you plenty of room , because I was able to stuff a pack of diapers , container of formula , blankets and some extra shoes along with the carseat in this travel bag . The one downside was that for such a heavy , odd-shaped piece of luggage the shoulder strap did not help at all . Thank goodness there was also a handle to hold onto , otherwise I would not have gotten the bag very far . All in all this prouct was a great purchase and I would higly recommend it to all .
 This is great for travelling . At the check-in counter the attendant actually thanked us for using it rather than trying to check in a bare car seat . There is tons of room and I packed all my babies clothes and supplies , including diapers , in with the seat . It was nice to have my suitcase all to myself . I checked it in and it arrived in good condition . Hint
 This bag held up great and was well worth the money spent . It was very roomy - Not only did it hold our toddler 's huge car seat , but we were able to store the base to our infant seat in it as well .
 I recently travelled with this bag , and it kept my carseat safe , clean , and protected through the baggage process.This bag was `` reviewed '' by the airport safety after it was checked , and because it has a zipper , they just unzipped it , checked it , and rezipped it . No need to worry about them ripping apart your trashbag . You can remove the shoulder strap and put it inside the bag , so that it does n't get tangled in baggage claim . There is also another handle on the bag that is shorter if you do n't like a shoulders strap , but it did make carrying the carseat more awkward.We had connecting flights both ways , and I 'm sure this bag was handled a lot between planes , and it held up . No tears or anything , and our car seat was not damaged at all.We have the Evenflo Triumph 5 , and while the carseat just fit heightwise , it was not hard to get in or out of the bag , and there was room to store a jumbo package of diapers in there too!Overall , I think this is an excellent bag at an excellent price and I look forward to bringing it on more trips !
 I used this to carry my daughters car seat in when traveling by myself to visit my parents . I could easily fit the car seat in the bag and a back pack . The shoulder strap really help but I wish there was some padding on the strap to protect my shoulder . In all it made it easy to get my daughter , the car seat and me to and from the airport . -LRB- I shipped our clothes a few days before arriving so I did n't have to take a suit case ! -RRB- Altogether , the bag held up great and made life easier .
 This car seat bag has held up wonderfully through our travels this summer ! After being handled many times -LRB- and I 'm sure thrown around many times -RRB- it shows very little , if any wear and tear ! The detachable shoulder strap and the attached handle made transporting and handling the bag -LRB- with car seat inside -RRB- convenient . The bag is very roomy and made getting the car seat in and out very easy . We took advantage of the extra room and put a duffle bag -LRB- to haul back souvenirs -RRB- and a tote bag with nightime necessities -LRB- stuffed animals and blankets -RRB- inside with the car seat . This is a great product and will be well used on future trips !
 In response to the message about the Britax Marathon seat - YES !! It does fit into this bag . I tried it with my seat and it works with room to spare !
 We 've used ours several times for airline travel . I appreciated it the MOST when I travelled by myself with my 2 year old . Not only did it hold her Britax Roundabout perfectly , but it had TONS of room for all the extra toys & goodies I brought along for the plane ride . I was able to carry it on my shoulders , along with my backpack , and push my toddler in her stroller . In line , I easily dragged the bag on the floor . Very , very durable !
 I got this to take my son 's Cosco Alpha Omega carseat on the trip and hoped I could squeeze in just the booster part to big brother 's Graco Turbo booster . I was pleasantly surprised that after I put in the Alpha Omega that I could put in the high back top to the booster seat upside down then slide in the booster part and still have room for the noodle I use with the Omega . So I was able to pack both carseats in one bag .
 This is a terrific travel bag - for $ 19.99 I expected a thin nylon bag but this bag is very heavy duty and has plenty of room for an infant car seat and base as well as extra space for other things - we stuffed extra diapers and wipes in there . For the amount you have to spend on a car seat , it is more than worth the money to buy this bag to protect your investment as I think we all know how badly luggage gets treated on an airplane . We thought we would n't bother with the bags and just rent car seats from the car rental company at our destination but quickly changed our minds when we found out it would have cost $ 13/day for 2 car seats ! Buy this - you wo n't regret it .
 I am delighted to say this bag fit my Britax Wizard perfectly . It is terrific ! A great price too !
 This car seat cover is extremely heavy duty and excellent quality . We used it on a recent trip and it stores an incredible amount of stuff . Zipper is very good quality and bag is very durable . You will not be disappointed .
 This is not a review . This is cry for help . Does anyone know if this bag would fit Britex Marathon ? I have to travel with my 6 month old baby alone and I need to find out if this bag will fit my Britex Marathon carseat . Please help .
 It 's incredibly awkward and heavy to carry , but it did a wonderful job protecting the carseat .
 I have a Britax Decathlon car seat -LRB- which is quite large -RRB- and this fit with no problem . It was great to have a cover for the car seat , so that the fabric was not damaged or soiled from the transport and airport baggage carousel . Both the handle and the arm strap were helpful in carrying the seat . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I recently purchased and utilized this car seat travel bag , and it performed beautifully . When we retrieved our car seat off the luggage carousel , we found that the travel bag had grease stains on it . I was very relieved to have the stains on the bag , and not the car seat !! The car seat fit nicely in the bag -LRB- also an Eddie Bauer -RRB- , and the shoulder strap made carrying the seat no problem . I strongly recommend to anyone traveling and checking the car seat .
 This is an awesome car seat bag ! I waited to write a review because I wanted to make sure this product would hold up over time . After several international trips this bag has really performed ! The fabric is very strong and has outlasted the luggage handlers at the airport . I would highly recommend this product to anyone . This bag is used to transport my Britax Roundabout car seat , several blankets , toys , our winter coats and a pair of adult shoes ! It really is versatile . In addition to all the space you get inside the bag ; it has an outer pocket to keep extras too like gloves and the carrying strap . It is a great find . We have loved having the extra space and durability . On arrival our car seat has been in perfect condition and all objects inside the bag are well protected !
 We travel a lot with our two year old and have always bought a plane seat for her . This bag makes it easier to carry her carset and other supplies while running through the airport . Overall it is very durable with one exception . We have been in situations where we have had to drag this bag and there are now some holes in it . The truth is not many products would not have a hole if they were treated how we have treated this bag . The best solution -LRB- and one I would love -RRB- is if they would come out with a similar product that had wheels .
 We have used the travel bag for no less than 10 flights in the past 18 months and it is still going strong . Not a small feat when you see how luggage is handled . Especially useful to pack coats and extra toys . When we get to the airport we pack the car seat and place coats and toys inside before zipping . Great for extra space easily available . Only downside is our son will soon be two and he 'll have his own seat on the plane .
 I have the -LRB- large -RRB- Alpha/Omega car seat and was having a difficult time finding a travel bag . This bag fits perfect . It has room to breathe as well space to add other items . By far the best price that I found online or otherwise . The look is quality , and its Eddie Bauer ... you cant do much better ! Kudos to EB , Baby 's R US/Amazon and Gold Inc. .
 We bought this bag for our summer travel with our Britax Roundabout car seat . It was perfect . Those seats are a bit larger and there was still room for some other stuff including our baby backpack . The strap made for easy carrying and there is a separate side pocket to store it in once you check it . I totally recommend this item .
 For someone who travel with an infant this bag is a must have , it is a life saver . I bought the Cosco Alpha Omega car seat and this bag fit perfect , at first I was like it 's not going to fit but let me tell you when I tried this baby on I could not believe it , it 's big enough to put other stuff in with the car seat , I can say it is a must have , who ever travels alot should invest in a Eddie Bauer car seat travel bag ...
 I recently purchased this item to travel to visit family for two weeks . I was able to place so many of my daughters toys , in addition to the car seat , in the travel bag that her two week stay in unfamiliar territory was easy on her . The only problem I had with the bag is that two small holes were rubbed into it by the carseat base during the return flight . I believe this was due to my overpacking , -LRB- you can not imagine how much this holds -RRB- and not due to any problem with the canvas that makes up the bag .
 We have twins and we took our first plane trip when they were 12 months old . These bags were a life saver at the airport on the way there . Our car seats -LRB- Triumph -RRB- fit perfectly with room to spare -LRB- which we packed full on the return trip ! -RRB- We were each able to carry a baby in our Baby Bjorn carriers , a car seat each and luggage without a problem . The bag is very durable ! I have even used the bags to store their Evenflo infant car seats with the extra bases in the bag in the attic !
 My family and I went to Dominican Republic on vacation for 2.5 wks . One of our suitcases got ripe , the other 5 suitcases were beat up really bad , however , our car seat travel bag was still in pretty good condition . On the way to DR , I was able to put the car seat , jumbo bag of diapers and two packs of wipes . On the way back I put the car seat , 6 pair of shoes , and a bookbag full of dirty clothes . I hand washed the bag and it looks great now .
 I bought this bag for our enormous Britax Decathlon car seat before our first plane trip . The seat fit perfectly and left space for diapers and toys , and the whole thing made it through the trip unscathed . No rips , snags , zippers fine .
 I own two of these bags for my children 's two carseats . I have taken several trips with the two kids by myself so having bags for the carseats is invaluable . I have used them for carrying on and for checking the carseats . They fit both my Britax Roundabout and my Graco infant carseat with no problems . They are especially useful for checking the carseats as they protect them from getting dirty and possibly losing seatbelt parts etc. . Plus , you can put extra blankets and diapers in them saving room in your luggage for clothing and toys .
 This worked perfectly for sending car seats through the airport luggage process ... we had two . BONUS
 We went skiing with our 3 year old and we only wanted to take a total of four bags on our trip . I was afraid that since we took our car seat that I was going to be limited on luggage space . On the way I put all of our ski bibs and shoes in the bag and WOW talk about room ! I packed some extra trash bags and on the way home I put our dirty clothes in there along with our shoes and did n't have any problems . I highly recommend this bag to anyone taking a trip - even with my Britex Roundabout I had as much if not more room for clothes than with one of my suitcases . It was well worth the purchase !
 We bought two of these ... 1 for an Evenflo infant seat and 1 for our big Eddie Bauer 3yr olds seat . I was a little leary to think these two big carseats would fit into the bags but BOTH did and still had room for blankets/coats and such . We 've taken several trips with them and they 've come back just fine and our carseats unharmed too . Dh loves that he can just throw them over his shoulder . My father also had to help carry on a couple trips and was really impressed with the product ! My advice
 We loved this car seat travel bag . It does n't provide the best protection since it 's thin material , but my car seat has n't been damaged and we have used it for 2 years now . I would practice putting your seat in it at home so you are n't struggling with it at the airport . Do n't lose the straps it becomes a pain to carry . My husband has to lug this around , he wishes it was more of a back pack then a duffle bag , but this really is a great item . Even our huge Wizard Convertible car seat fits in this .
 I decided to purchase the Eddie Bauer bag because I was traveling with my 2 children . I was able to fit tons of extras in with the car seat . The bag held up great . Not even a scratch . I used the over-the-shoulder carry strap and it worked wonderful as I carried my son on the opposite side . I would highly recommend this product !
 After reading the mixed reviews on this travel bag , I purchased with caution . We fit this bag over our Britax Marathon , and it fit -LRB- though rather snug over the top because of the car seat 's height -RRB- . The travel bag held up very well through baggage claim . I give this bag 4 stars because it need wheels . It was very heavy to carry through the airport before we got to baggage check it .
 This bag is great ! It performs as advertised and there 's a lot of room within the bag and in the side pockets to carry those extra baby essentials . This bag fit our Eddie Bauer Car Seat perfectly!Being the daddy and having to tote this around the airport , the one design feature that I think could be better designed was the shoulder strap . It 's a standard nylon shoulder strap which tends to get a little uncomfortable after walking around the airport for more than 10 minutes . I believe that a padded strap would do the trick or even better if they designed the bag with two shoulder straps so the bag could be carried like a backpack .
 This bag is perfect for all types of carseats . We have two of them . Once you get the carseat in you can add other items that do n't fit in your suitcase . It has really protected our seats from airline mishaps !
 We needed a travel bag and choose this one based on other reviews . This bag is a tight fit but held up well to airline travel .
 I bought this travel bag for a recent trip to Florida . Traveling alone with my 21 month old , I was definitely looking for something EASY to use and durable ! The car seat fit easily into the bag because of how roomy this bag is !! Just zip it up and you 're off -- and there 's room for ` last minute toys you decide are not going on the plane after all ' when you get to the airport !! I too was looking for dimensions on this bag since we have the toddler size car seat and NO PROBLEM !! This bag will fit the largest of car seats !!
 Simple as that . It 's a MUST HAVE for air travel .
 Well I bought this because I have 14hr overseas flight to look forward to with my 2yr old and myself . It seems like a nice product and makes carrying around a carseat ALOT easier.I 'm thinking the strap could be padded . All together it 's a alot easier than trying to lug a car seat around through an airport with a toddler in tow , especially when your doing it alone . That in itself is a hardship . I wonder if they make anything to transport the toddler ... hmmm .
 I have n't used this carrier yet , but I know it will come in handy and that 's why I only gave it four stars . We are getting ready to travel overseas , and I ca n't imagine trying to hand carry my infant car seat and my toddler 's booster seat . I only bought one , but now I need a second one . You can probably fit two infant car seats in this , but without the base . I thought I may have been able to fit both car seats in there , but no luck .
 I can honestly give this 5 stars as last month I flew from Ca to Tn . and this held my daughter 's infant seat -LRB- Graco Snugride -RRB- , window shades -LRB- side pockets -RRB- and 2 full bags of baby gear -LRB- toys , extra bottles -RRB- that I had left at Grandma 's last time because I had no room for them . I could have easily put in a pack of diapers and been okay . It made it through the baggage claim without a scratch and I can see me using this for many more trips back home as we live far away from family.None of my things were damaged or dirty and I can feel better knowing my daughter 's seat does not have the germs from the traveling . I had my daughter in her sling and since traveling alone was easily able to get my 60 lb bag of luggage -LRB- gone long time -RRB- , this seat and carry her . I did not hurt my back and got the seat out while waitng for our ride , put her in her seat and took off the sling which I slipped in this bag all while alone!Andin less than 5 minutes ... no kidding ! A lady next to me said how amazed she was I did so so easily and quickly.You will not be dissapointed ...
 Once you figure out which way your carseat goes in , this product is AMAZING ! I was able to fit a large carseat in it as well as some other junk that would not fit in my suitcase . I LOVE this item !!!! Very durable , and keeps your carseat protected from abusive handling by the airlines ! Do n't hesitate - buy this !
 I have a Britax Marathon . I took a trip requiring 3 different airplanes and am so glad I used this bag for it . I was able to put the seat in the bag and then fill the space around it with packages of diapers , wipes , and other heavy things like shoes , thus saving my other bag from being overweight ! It worked like a charm .
 This bag is great ! STOP packing your carseat in a garbage bag or in nothing -- this bag easily gets through security and it opens with ease -LRB- airport security will not rip it open and tape it back up -RRB- . Use this bag for your carseat then add diapers , blankets , toys , etc. . Also , the price is perfect , I 've seen similar bags in other catalogs ... A must buy for traveling , especially if you are traveling alone , it 's easy to carry with either a strap or a handle . Buy the way -- I used this bag with a Graco Snugride Infant Car Seat .
 Our Britax Marathon fits PERFECTLY into this bag . We have one of the newest Marathons available - and are so glad to have this bag . We wo n't fly without it . Someone else on this review list said that their Marathon does n't fit - I 'm very surprised - our extra Marathon is sitting in the bag , all zipped up and ready to go , right now . This is a must have for travel ... and lots of extra space in the seat area for packing more items . Great product !
 I bought this for our last trip when my son was 3.5 and daughter 4 months . We had a tremendous amount of luggage , so being able to use this bag and check the carseat and booster was a huge advantage ! My daughter was still in the snugride carseat with it 's base , and my son was in a Compass B500 booster . I was easily able to fit both into the bag with a little room left to squeeze our sweatshirts in ! What more could you ask for ? Our only problem now is that our daughter is in a Marathon now , and both that and the booster wo n't fit anymore . Guess I 'll just have to get another bag for the booster and use the two bags together to pack everything we 'll need ! I wo n't even need normal luggage !
 I was worried when I ordered this that it would not fit my Graco Ultra Car Go Booster seat . All the reviews were about car seats and nothing was mentioned about the taller booster seats . I received it yesterday -LRB- 11/30 -RRB- and the booster seat fit perfectly with plenty of room to spare . I can see already how helpful this will be for me to travel with my two year old this Christmas . I even have room to carry a diaper bag and a backpack to use as carry ons .
 It was a bit bulky but as I was traveling internationally , it helped with switching planes and cruising across airports during holiday travel . I also bought a folding cart , $ 14.00 at Walmart , that seemes to help with the load . One of the nice things about this is I could put my jackets in it as well and not have to put them in my carry on . The bag folds up and stores easily too . All in all I say it 's a great product . Better than hauling the car seat around on it 's own .
 We were planning our first plane trip and knew we needed a travel bag for our expensive carseat . I researched and decided to buy this one and what a great choice . After being on four different planes it still looks like new . It held up very well and there was still extra storage for souveniers ... A great buy at a great price ... A + +
 Have used this to go to AZ every year , fits the Britax car seat we have , just the right size . We usually stuff our coats in there so we do n't have to lug them on the flight.It is holding up really well-a few scuff marks is it.This car seat travel bag is a no brainer-get it now !
 we got this travel bag with doubts , since all reviews i read did n't talk about our carseat . we have the safety 1st 3 in 1 carseat . -LRB- my baby is long ! she grew out of the graco one too quick -RRB- since our trip in december will be on a plane we needed a travel bag to protect our carseat . we got it and it fit like a glove , with some room to spare for us to put our winter jackets in during the plane flight . i ca n't wait to see how it stands up during our trip ! great product !
 This is a great , sturdy bag that holds our car seat as well as enough room for a few more things . I would highly recommend this bag if you 're taking your car seat on the plane to be gate-checked . This way it stays clean , any toys on the seat stay on the seat , and it 's just easier to handle . My husband says it 's a little bit bulky and kinda uncomfy to have on your back , but it 's much better than trying to carry it in your hands along with everything else .
 I purchased this car seat travel bag for a recent trip to CA . Our daughter is now over two , and we did n't want to lug her car seat , along with all of the other gear required for traveling with a toddler , on and off of the plane , especially with connections . She 's definitely big enough to sit on the plane without the car seat ; an added bonus was that she was unable to kick the seat of the person in front of us . Always a key for good traveling diplomacy ! : - -RRB- The car seat bag was definitely a key piece of gear for us . We have a Britax Marathon , and it fit perfectly , with room to spare . We had to buy some toys -LRB- Mega Blocks -RRB- for our little lady because we just were n't entertaining enough for her . We were able to stow the bag of blocks in the bag along with the car seat . We tossed her two blankets in , as well.When we pulled the bag out to restow the car seat for the trip home , I noticed a tear in the material . I 'm sure that it would be easy to fix with a bicycle tire repair kit . My guess is that the baggage handlers and their equipment just were not that easy on the bag . However , this is my only complaint and the only reason I gave it 4 stars vice 5 . All in all , I would recommend this product to anyone in the market for a car seat car seat travel bag !
 This is a great idea ! Wonderful for airplane travel . Bag held up very well and served its purpose . We fit our Portabout infant seat in the bad with lots of extra room for other things . I am so glad we bought this !
 This product is holding up well after 3 years of use and is well worth the cost to protect our car seats . I 've used it to cover three different seats -LRB- all various sizes and shapes and brands -RRB- and the seat always fits inside . Its also stood up to rough handling from the airlines with minimal damage -LRB- a little scuffing on the fabric -RRB- . When not in use it does n't fold perfectly flat , however , the seams are a bit stiff , as is the fabric - just a note if storage is an issue .
 This bag protected our Britax Decathlon very well on our recent airplane trip . It was plenty wide enough , but we had to position our car seat just right inside if we wanted any chance to zip it closed at the top . We could n't fit much else in besides the seat . Nevertheless , we wo n't be flying without using this bag to protect our Britax . The strap was great for over-the-shoulder carrying and it was sturdy enough for the inexpensive price we paid .
 This bag is exactly what we wanted . The material was sturdy and held up to airline use from coast to coast . It was large enough to fit our Britax Boulevard , and we even added some clothes to the seat - so it was stuffed ! Shoulder straps would be nice , as it 's pretty bulky to carry , but I was able to use the shoulder strap across my chest and carry the seat on my back , while pushing a stroller and pulling another suitcase . I would definately recommend it and even buy it again if it were to get damaged .
 I just recently traveled by plane with my 2 & 1/2 year old son . The car seat was way too big and bulky to carry along by myself with a back pack , stroller , and not to mention a very squirmy toddler . With the car seat bag , I checked it with our luggage . The bag is very durable and easy to carry . I highly recommend purchasing one if you have to take a car seat with you on your travels .
 I 'm very pleased with the size of this bag ; our larger convertible seat fits it in with plenty of room to spare . I 'm a little anxious to travel with it , because the fabric seems a little thin . The handles and straps are conveniently located as well . If it holds up to being treated as airline baggage , I 'll declare it a solid winner ; as is , I 'd definitely say it 's worth the price as a storage bag for a car seat , or for other than airline travel , at the least .
 When I was traveling alone with my baby , it allowed me to push a stroller , pull a suitcase , and carry the carseat at one time . If I can make one addition to the carrier , it would be to add another strap so that an adult can wear it like a backpack .
 We purchased 2 of these for transporting our car seats when flying with the twins ... They are thick , durable , and have * plenty * of space in the bags . We fit both the infant seats in one bag and a full size car seat and small booster in the other plus a few blankets and stuff.They continue to be useful even when not used for transporting car seats - they are great for storing them too . Ours are in the attic right now !
 We took our first trip and the relatives we were visiting made fun of us for buying this bag . They said all we needed was a trash bag then proceeded to tell us stories of how their daughter 's seat got ruined , lost the cushion , etc. . So , I felt this was necessary and it worked like a charm . It was very easy to throw over my shoulder , while pushing a stroller , carrying a diaper bag , and trailing the luggage behind . It held up very well through 4 flights and does n't show any signs of wear . It is very roomy and we used that extra space to pack a few more items . I would say the -LSB- cost -RSB- was well worth it and I am very happy to have bought it .
 I highly recommend this item if you plan on having more kids or passing any car seats down to someone else . I use it to store my car seats in the attic and it keeps them from getting all smelly and dirty . Keeps them looking new .
 While we had this teether it was great ! It was baby boy 's favorite toy and teether-he had to have his fish . I would buy again and just be sure to put it on the `` toy leash '' .
 This teether has been the best teether I 've found . My 12-month-old chews it for a long time and it keeps her happy when we 're waiting in line etc
 Both my kids love -LRB- d -RRB- this teether . It has lots of different textures and colors and is chunky enough for little hands to hold easily . The tail fin even allows for some special positioning -LRB- I want the teether at this part of my gum -RRB- . Combine this with a safe slender teether -LRB- we used a jester teether that had finger like hat `` spikes '' -RRB- to reach those teething molar spots and a hot-cold teether for real painful days and you are set !
 A great cheery looking , durable and easy to grip teether . It lays flat and easily slips into a side pocket on a diaperbag or purse .
 I work with children affected by Autism spectrum disorder . One child in particular has a biting problem and so to help him bite appropriate articles I bought him this teether . Other teethers we had tried had proved to be too flimsy for his biting strength , this one however is sufficiently durable for a 7 year old , and has many textures and colors to keep his interest . He enjoyed feeling the surface textures with his fingers as well .
 I am a Mom who researches just about everything possible before I purchase it . I 'm glad that I did n't research this one first though or I might not have bought it . We attatched this to a fisher price tub when my daughter was 4 months old . She gets so excited when she sees it that I could n't bear to not let her have it . The whole problem about the toys falling off seems silly since I take the toys off for her to play with anyway . Sometimes she likes to reach up and grab the empty worms and this mobile has been very durable in such cases . When it comes time to put her in the `` big tub '' I plan on taking the whole thing apart and letting her use each of the pieces as they were meant to be used ... scoops , sifters , floating mirror , etc. . I think she 'll have even more fun then . So the suction cup never really came into existence for us - no need .
 My older sister lent me her Graco swing , hated it ! It was hard to get baby out , had to be wound up every 15 minutes and had no toy tray.We decided on this swing because we 've had nothing but wonderful experiences with Eddie Bauer baby products . And this swing is no exception . My 4 month old daughter loves this swing . She giggles everytime we put her in it . Also on days when she is really overtired and fussy we turn on the music and vibrations and it calms her and helps her to sleep . She takes her afternoon nap in this swing almost everyday.The toy tray is big enough for a few of her favorite items , the little elephant mobile is adorable , and the harness and snap in place tray keep her extra safe . It is easy to get her in and out , even when she is sleeping . It has a locking mechanism so it does n't swing away from you while trying to get baby in and out . It is lightweight and easy to move around the house as well . Would n't be hauling it up and down stairs , but from room to room it is great . Also it is attractive enough where i do n't mind it sitting in the middle of my living room.I highly recommend this swing !
 I just love this swing !! My son was born at 29 wks so now at 3 months he only weighs 9 lbs and he fits perfectly into this swing . It has a great recline so he does n't fall foward . He loves sleeping in it , and when I take him out he does n't even wake up . It 's lightweight and good looking . I have the EB Ballard Pack n play and High chair and since it 's all in the same room it looks fantastic . I personally think it 's a must have .
 Great quality swing . Easy to maintain , setup , and take down . We have all of the Eddie Bauer products and they have been great .
 I got this for my niece and her mom says that the baby really likes this swing . It 's durable and easy to clean . It sleeps the baby and keeps her entertained . The plug in saves a lot of batteries !
 I love this swing . Mainly because I can plug it in , no batteries , no having to wake the baby winding it like the older swings -LRB- not to mention bumping them on the head -RRB- . They can swing all night if you want . It says it has five speeds , and as I can tell a difference between them there is n't a whole lot of difference . The speeds it does have works perfectly fine though . I have a two month old and I still leave it on the lowest speed for him , any higher and he sort of freaks out . The thingy that comes down for him to look at is n't really in the best place for him to see it very well , that is a negative , but I just hang other toys from it that light up and stuff . Its better then little stuffed animals anyways . The one other thing that is n't so wonderful is how much is reclines . It has three positions and again their is n't much difference between them . But again I can work with that , i just prop him up with one of those little cushions you use to hold them in place when they sleep in their crib . Basically if your looking for a PERFECT swing , it has its problems , but I gave it five stars cause of the plug in feature . That makes it perfect enough for me . Its best if you intend on your kid swinging a lot -LRB- or if he is like mine and thats the only thing he will sit in if he is n't being held -RRB- .
 My only complaint is it does n't recline far enough for a new baby . My daughter loved this ! I take monthly pictures in this swing so I am keeping it out untill my daughter turnes one . My older daughter loves it too ! Before her sister was born -LRB- she was 14 months old -RRB- she would get in it on her own and swing . At around 20 months old she climbed in all by herself , turned the swing on and fell asleep . So even though she was about 27 lbs the swing still worked great !
 My little daughter loves this . Its a good way to keep her occupied while my wife and I do other things . Excellent swing .
 nice swing but the music didnt work when we got it but they send us a new one right away and we had it in a few days
 Our baby loves motion and had bad colic for 2 months . This swing was a lifesaver and our daughter loves it . We do not use the attachment with the toys because they did n't captivate our daughter at all . The music is indeed loud but we took another reviewer 's advice and put tape over it which made the volume much more pleasant . We love this product and do n't know what we would have done without it . Amazon , thank you for shipping this larger item to a military APO address .
 I wanted this swing for the plug in feature and I like the neutral colors . My baby was born an average 71/2 lbs but the swing was too strong for her at first . Her head was fine with a towel roll , but the swing swung too fast or hard . She did n't like it at all . However , now that she is older and bigger -LRB- around 9 lbs now -RRB- , it 's perfect . The lowest setting is the perfect speed and amount of `` swing '' for her and she definitely likes it now . I do n't know what the other reviewers are talking about when they say it swings too slow even at the fastest setting . Over all would definitely recommend for someone who wants to save on the batteries !
 I just had my fourth baby in October and really researched prior to choosing a swimg for this baby . Here are a few reasons why I LOVED this
 I love that we can plug this swing into the wall and not have to spend so much money on batteries . The option to use batteries is a nice feature . If you ask me , all swings should have a plug-in feature . The only negative I have is that the thing swings way too slow even at the highest setting .
 I have three swings now . The ocean wonders cradle swing , the link a doos magical mobile swing , and now this one . I will be selling my other two and keeping this one as it is the most practical . -LRB- By the way burlington coat factory sells this for 79.99 -RRB- . The only thing I think would make this more wonderful would be added features such as a toy bar on the tray , the mobile move , or just make it into a cradle swing.FINALLY THEY GOT THE RIGHT IDEA ! It 's about time and I 'm glad it was fisher price because they have the best customer service !
 I bought this for my four month old because she likes to sit upright and she loved it the instant we put her in it . She looks at the mobile and listens to the music . Six speed settings and having a plug is great and it does n't take up much space in the living room . I 'm not sure if it reclines enough for her to fall asleep but she seems to be comfortable in it . The tray table allows her to have her toys in reach and when the swing is on it 's very quiet .
 This swing is very practical . My husband and I always said that swings should be electric and then this one came out ! It 's cute and nice and compact in size . I wish it had more reclining positions though . My son loves to sleep in it anyway !
 I love this swing . I set it up in under an hour with a 4 year old demanding my attention and a crying baby . It 's simple and easy to use as well which is also nice . The choice of music -LRB- loud , quiet , and none -RRB- is also nice since my son tends to like having noise while he sleeps.Honestly you ca n't judge the performance of the swing by how finicky a baby is . Some of the comments are based on the child 's preference rather than the functionality of the swing itself . The mobile is at a good height . Low enough to see and high enough that it can be batted at but NOT grabbed . My son loves staring at the mobile , but he also loves watching people moving about . The swing allows you to swing your child at a faster and slower speed based on your preference . -LRB- At a lower speed your child wo n't slump forward if he 's sitting up . . -RRB- Being able to collapse makes it easy to store and side pockets are great for pacifiers and putting stuffed animals into to peak over the side -LRB- this adds to visual stimulation for the baby :-RRB- -RRB- I love this swing , I find it a life saver when it comes to opening up some time for yourself . -LRB- Dishes have to get done you know . . -RRB- It 's quiet , does n't take up a lot of room and is rather comfy for a baby .
 Me and my daughter both love the swing ! As her sight develops she 's really been discovering the animals on the mobile . She 's now 3months and still likes it ... . finds the swing very relaxing . So , I disagree w / a previous customer who says that this is boring . I like it , in fact , because it is not overstimulating to my daughter . -LRB- sometimes they need to wind down and relax -RRB- . Also , it is one of few swings -LRB- honestly I do n't know if there are others in this price range -RRB- that you can plug in . Other pluses are that the music is nice , it can play low or higher volumes , and there are several swing speeds . LASTLY , the colors are pretty neutral -- good for boy/girl and most decors in your home.I highly recommend it !
 This is a great swing ! Our baby loves it ! The seat reclines in many positions so we were able to put him in it the first couple weeks after birth . Our first son had a swing with batteries and we ran through so many D batteries . This one you just plug in and let him swing away !! The music that is plays is also very soothing . Great swing . Love it !!!
 This swing is absolutely great we 've had it for 3 weeks . The only thing is the music sounds distorted at times and it doesnt shut off in ten minutes like it says it does in the instructions ... anyone else have this problem ? other then that its a wonderful idea that everyone probably had and everyone is going to love
 We purchased this swing for our forth child and it was the best . Our baby is just 7 weeks old now and she loves to swing off to sleep . I love the side pockets where i can keep needy things handy i.e bottles and diapers . We love this swing so much we are ordering another one to take to Nana 's . Please before you complain about the price think about how much you will spend in batteries ... I mean honestly 4 D batteries every 2 or 3 weeks for a swing that cost 129.00 . Yes we tried other swings the papasan swing was alright but we returned it and got this and saved those few extra dollars !!!
 I bought this particular swing because of all the different features . Being a mother of 7 and grandmother of 2 -LRB- so far -RRB- I 've seen and used many swings , but this swing out does all of them . The person who came up with the idea of `` no clicking '' -LRB- swing winding -RRB- or `` no battery '' is a genius . After seeing how much my granddaughter enjoyed her swing at home , I had to buy one for her while she 's at grandma 's house.Jenny Ryan
 No more batteries - I love itSwings good - my baby sleeps every nap in it still ast 4 months oldThis swing is simple and great for the money . I do n't care about all the fancy extras other swings offer b/c she only uses it for naps and the she likes the music on it too .
 Our grandson loved this swing . so did we , it put him to seep and he enjoys it everytime he visits , , Hie is 4 months old . .
 I bought this swing with my second baby after experiencing many troubles with the swing I -LRB- tried to -RRB- used with my first child . I highly recommend this swing because it does n't eat batteries !! It says it has 6 speeds but they are really more like slow , medium , and fast . It has 3 positions it can sit in . The most reclined position makes the baby look a little uncomfy , but he did n't seem to have any complaints ! I recommend this swing to anyone I meet who is pregnant .
 This product is awesome ! We decided to buy it when our daughter was 5 weeks old because we had spent the past few weeks trying almost everything to get her to sleep . This swing has allowed me to get things done around the house . I can put her in it and within a few minutes she is sound asleep . If this was a typical battery-operated swing , we would be in debt from all of the batteries we would go through . The music is nice and peaceful . I think the seat reclines just fine . I think the mobile is at the appropriate angle . You do n't want it too close to the baby 's face and I like how it swings out of the way.The only thing that I would change is the speeds of the swinging . I find that there is no difference between the lowest setting and the highest setting.My daughter is now 13 weeks old and she probably spends half of the day in her swing !
 I LOVE that you can plug this into an outlet and not worry about batteries ! My newborn really likes the swinging motion . My only complaints are that I do n't like the removeable tray that you have to take off to put baby in the swing and I think the swing is too fast , even on the lowest setting . Otherwise , I like the controls , I like how the mobile can be pushed behind the swing and the swing is very quiet . I 've had Graco swings before and I like this better . And , did I mention that I love the plug ?
 I have a 4 month old boy , I shopped around on the internet looking for a Plug-In Swing and did not find but 2 . I chose this swing for it 's , looks , 6 speed , 10 songs , mobile can be repositioned out of the way , and of course the plug-in capabilities . It sounds nice , but I find that it does not swing my child !?
 I love that this uses a plugin and does n't need batteries , as we 're constantly changing batteries in his bouncy chair and other items . He seems to like it pretty well . I wish it reclined a little more so he could sleep in it more easily . I also wish it was a little smaller . It 's tough to move through doorways . Good purchase overall .
 I love the option of being able to plug this swing in to the wall . I ca n't believe no one has thought of this before now !! It was easy to assemble with easy to follow instructions . The only thing that I could say to improve this swing is to make the tray a swing-away tray instead of totally detachable , but that 's not enough of a problem to give this swing less than a perfect score . I would highly recommend this swing to anyone !
 my husband saw this swing and had to have it for our newborn ! Our first daughter 5 years ago had a hand crank ... no way , not this time ! We love that it plugs into the wall , what an awesome idea and I ca n't believe it 's just coming out now ! We have moved the swing to several different areas in the living room , currently we have an extension cord running under the couch to have the swing where we want it.The print design could definitely be better , there was only 1 at the time we bought ours and it 's a muted color but that 's ok.Highly recommend a plug in !
 I have enjoyed this swing . I bought it because it was the only one at the time that plugged in-truly a must-have option when your baby wo n't sleep anywhere else . The neutral colors are great . There are two flaws
 I love this swing . My daughter is 7 weeks old and spends one to two hours in it every day allowing me to get much needed laundry , dishes and other housework done . I love the plug in feature which was the primary reason I bought this swing . I would have used a ton of batteries by now if not for the plug . The swing lists as 6 separate speeds , but I have n't noticed any difference between the slowest and the fastest . The speed it goes seems to be perfect for my daughter though . I would buy this swing again if I had it to do all over .
 This thing is definitely worth the money if you have the money to buy a swing . Because it is powered by electric instead of batteries , you save a ton of money . We actually had to throw out our previous swing prematurely because the place where the batteries go , went corroded and we could n't use it anymore . Unless you get a deal for a different swing with the price being far less , go for this one .
 This swing is so exceptional and so far out performs the original swings used when my children were young . The plug in feature is definitely a huge bonus . The price is great too . Some grandparents are n't made of money and this is by far the best buy for the money !!!
 We bought the Fisher Price Power Plus Swing in Circus Plaid in Nov and we love it ! Got it from Amazon -LRB- no tax and free shipping -RRB- and it was delivered within days -LRB- we had expected it a week later -RRB- so we were surprised and happy we were able to use it right away as our old swing -LRB- purchased for my first son -RRB- had just been thrown out since it no longer worked.We had shopped around and found this swing was the only one that had a plug in option -LRB- no need for batteries !! -RRB- . The minute we got it , we set it up and started using it right away - plugged in ! With all the toys these days requiring batteries it was a great NOT to have to see if we had enough batteries the right size to get this swing to work!The snack tray comes completely off and for now we use the swing without it . My son is 4 months old now and he does n't squirm around too much yet and the straps keep him in place for now . So with out the snack tray , it 's convenient to put him in and take him out.We also noticed this swing , compared to our old Graco swing , seems a little more comfortable . The seat seems to cradle him a bit more than our old one.The only complaint we may have is that the animals on the toy bar do n't rotate around so he can see the different animals in different positions.Otherwise we and our youngest son are very happy with this swing .
 THe plug-in swing is such a simple and practical idea -- why have n't I seen them before ... . Manufacturers need to get on the ball ! I wish this swing came in different patterns , but it 's worth it if we do n't have to spend hundreds of dollars on batteries !!
 I saw this swing advertised in a brochure I got and knew I had to have it . We bought it although it was a little more than what we wanted to spend . But I figured with all the money we would save on batteries , it was worth it.My 8 week old daughter loves it ! She loves being held , but when she just wants to relax and go to sleep , we put her in and she can either look around or fall fast asleep . Her older sisters -LRB- 5 & 6 -RRB- love to help get the swing going too , so it 's very easy to use.Our first daughter had to be in her swing all the time so the wind up one that we had was very inconvenient and unfortunately we used it with our second daughter too . When we found out we were pregnant for the third time , a swing was one of the first items on the list and of course a swing that plugs in or uses batteries was the perfect option.It 's got pockets on the side and easily folds up for easy storage or transporting . The music is a little loud even on the lowest setting but its not annoying enough to be bothersome . For a newborn , just about anything you put them in is a bit too upright , so it 's hard to judge it on that , but at 8 wks , she 's just fine.My wishes for this swing are brighter colors , although they pretty closely match the pack-n-play and carseat/stroller system we bought , they are a bit drab . I would have liked to see brighter , more baby eyecatching colors . I also wish that the mobile did more than what it does . It 's connected directly to the swing as if it were an extension of the swing itself . The animals do swing back & forth , but they 're so high right now , she 's not able to become interested by them yet and she 's very aware of her surroundings . If the animals circled or could hang lower for younger babies that would be great!I would definitely recommend this swing !
 This swing is wonderful ! We could n't start using it until our daughter was about 2 weeks old because of the need to have about 8 pounds in the seat so that it does n't swing out of control . We also use it with a knit head rest -LRB- like you 'd get for an infant car seat -RRB- . That is really what seals the deal . With the money you will save on batteries , you can afford to add the headrest to make this a PERFECT purchase !
 we bought this swing when our son was 4 weeks old . he loves swinging in it and we love that it keeps him content and it plugs in . he has slept some of each night in it since we had it . Ca n't imagine how many batteries we would have had to buy by now . SO the plug in is excellent !! Since this is the 1st i am sure they will make improvements . Over all I love the swing . Some things do n't like
 All I can say is Great swing , great features , Love the fact I am not wasting money buying batteries left and right , the music is very soothing and not too loud I highly recommend this swing .
 My son loved this swing until he was able to sit up . The center of gravity is too far forward and will stop if the baby sits upright so I had to put it away well before he outgrew it . The only real complaints I have , though , is the lack of choice in colors and the fact that there is really only 1 speed despite the claim of there being 6 .
 Great power swing , but be prepared to assemble it yourself.Included instructions written very good.So find 1/2 hour to focus on this project , and swing will be ready for your baby in no time.I liked variety of music -LRB- mostly lulabyes -RRB- and 2 adjustable volume settings -LRB- low and medium -RRB- . But best feature is plug-in power - no batteries to replace any more.It will be cool to have longer power cable to outlet , but swing allows to use optional alcaline batteries as well -LRB- not included -RRB- . Amazon discounts and free super saver shipping make it a steal !
 This swing has been a great purchase . It 's nice not to have the worry/cost of replacing batteries or winding the thing up all the time . We have only been using it a few weeks , so I can make no claims on the durability or life expectancy of the swing , but so far we are really happy with it . It was delivered quickly and was assembled in just a few minutes.The only reason that I did not give a 5 star rating is that we have n't used the product long enough to attest for the durability .
 I have four children in total , the previous three had the battery operated swings . I even had my baby girl with the -LRB- girlie pink -RRB- lindsay print swing , but soon found out she was a lover of motion , and for my own sanity I let her.Needless to say we were going through batteries -LRB- every few days -RRB- . I finally decided , Im going to get this one , my good friend mentioned she had this swing , I about flipped when she said it plugs in . WOW!So My daughter has been really sleeping in it since she was 8 weeks old , Naps , and Bedtime -LRB- all night -RRB- its helped us tremendously with a fussy girl who is n't the simple baby . She 's not a fan of laying in her crib even at an angle in her crib she still hated it about 65 % of the time . Not to mention she had bad Gastro reflux . and still does to this day . we are lucky to get her to sleep in her crib . She likes motion and I still nurse her , so she needs that little extra to knock her out.Ok now to the swing . I gave it five stars just simply because its a PLUG IN ! I like everything about it really , with very few flaws . the music is tacky , and yes loud . . I 'd rather not use it . I kinda wished it had like -LRB- water and rain sounds -RRB- that is what relaxes most babies . I dunno what the transition will be like here later down the road , but for now she 's still falling assleep in her swing at almost 5 months old . weighing 14 ish Pounds.In any case , this is well worth the money !
 Plug-in option is wonderful ! It 's a very quiet swing . The swing speeds are good . I did think the music volume was a little loud for my newborn so I put a piece of tape over it . The mobile above is not good because it does n't come down far enough for baby to see . Also , the seat itself is pretty hard . It does n't have much padding.Overall , it 's a good swing . It just needs a few improvements .
 I pretty much love any Evolution video . The choreography is always interesting , and usually advanced . Plus , the instructors are always amazing.Typically , the choreo is not broken down as much as what you get in a live class , but that 's on purpose . If you 're watching a video over and over , you 'll begin to memorize the choreo . Therefore , if you had the typical amount of breakdown , you 'd get really bored!Besides , I almost always use these for stealing choreography , more than to actually work out to them ! These are a great instructor resource .
 The picture shows a playard cover , but it is really a cover for a high chair . It is really nice , though .
 In summary , the positive
 This doggy door is wonderful . It arrived in a timely manner and had good instructions for installation . My dogs and cats figured out how to use it in just a few minutes with minimal encouragement . I would recommend this door to anyone considering buying a doggy door .
 I picked up this doggie door insert last night . First the negatives
 Got one of these earlier this week . I just installed it this morning and I would have to say that the early returns are good . Vertical fit was great except for a snafu in the my track that had settled a little towards the frame . So that said it is n't in the bottom track as good as it might be in a newer house . Small gap horizontally which was negated by the stripping and the glass seal strip seems to be fine . Just be sure you clean your door before adhering anything . I did n't try to do the latching mechanism because it did n't seem like it would line up with my older Anderson slider , so I will just do a rod insert in the track for security.All in all it is a much better fit than I hoped for and the installation was n't rocket science .
 nice and big , accommodates my pit mix and my chihuahuas - sturdy , had one like it before , just smaller for the chi 's
 I bought this door with the `` extra large '' flap , lured by the photo of the tall-legged dog who looks a lot like my own dog . He gets exactly the same appalled expression on his face , too , when I encourage him to pass through the very scary flap . But with a little help , he 's learning , and after only a few days he at least knows it 's how he is supposed to get out . He still requests human assistance with the flap . Nonetheless , it 's clearly going to work.I 'm writing this review mainly to say that the door fits perfectly , and easily , into my sliding glass patio door . It fits without a gap or the need for weatherstripping -LRB- though I 'm guessing I 'll add some in colder weather -RRB- . The flap seals itself nicely , too . But the amazing thing is that I fit the door without any tools whatsoever , and in approximately 60 seconds . I did think at first that it would n't fit ... that it was too tall . I discovered that there are cardboard packing inserts that keep the spring-loaded height adjustment from compressing fully . Once these were removed -LRB- they pull out easily -RRB- , the door fit perfectly onto the track . It did take some concentration to pull the height adjuster down sufficiently , but as I said , 60 seconds . Outside it 's really hot and humid ; inside it 's air-conditioned ; there 's no hint of the passage of air . Wonderful.From reading the other reviews , it 's obvious that not all patio doors are equally compatible with this product . I 'm in no way a do-it-yourselfer , and was very happy and very relieved that installing the door was completely simple .
 GREAT PRICE , GREAT DELIVERY!Pet Door was delivered promptly and with no broken parts . I checked 5 Dealers and this Dealer had the lowest available price .
 Okay the panel fits . Do you want a permanent install ? If so you will have to drill holes in your doorframe and use sheet metal screws . I also recommend using weather stripping between the panel and the inside of the doorframe as the screws pull the door into the frame.There will be gap , which negates your screens effectiveness ... I use a pool noodle to fill the gap so the flies do n't come in if the weather permits a screen.The glass trapped between the sliding door and the door panel ... which is now and forever unreachable unless the panel is removed ... will remain dirty and full of dead bugs , spider webs ect ... . until you unscrew everything , un-tape everything and pull the panel out ... then , and only then will you be able to clean the unreachable glass.You will need 2-sided tape along with duct tape to keep the door sweep in place as the weather changes . Duct tape has a dark side and a light side and holds the universe together ... hence it has the `` Force '' necessary to keep the sweep from flopping off onto the floor if the weather changes and the gooey on the tape reacts to differences in humidity levels . If there is a sudden change in the weather i.e. a cold front move in forcing a moist and naughty air south ... or visa versa ... nothing , not even super glue , double sided , plus duct tape ... will work . Trust me , I have many years of first hand experience with this phenomenon.I also recommend a wood bar to keep the sliding glass door from being opened when you are gone.Fervent prayer and fasting is required to bind the evil ones from breaking and entering in your now compromised entry ... but ... if someone really wants into the house , it does n't take much doggie door or not . A swift kick by any teenage thug demanding entry into the house is all that is required.If you have a very large dog , hopefully the thought of getting mauled by the animal will keep the thieves away ... because people in a variety of shapes and sizes can fit through the medium , large , and extra large size flaps ... easily.I love the dog door and I really do n't worry about Breaking and Entering as I have insurance and the two BIG dawg 's got the outside ... the door is for the little guy who needs a bit more protection from the elements etc. . . This is my 2nd door ; I 've fiddled with it for years and have it down to a science . Would I poke a hole in the wall and put a permanent door in ? No . Would I poke a hole in a fireproof door and put a door in ? I 'm not sure ... a small door -- in a replaceable door ... maybe.my 2cents ... hope it helps . If it does ... vote helpful . Thanks / / jb
 For my new 3 month old puppy a Golden Retriever , I wanted to get the largest they have just in case . I checked out the PetSafe website and noticed that the `` Tall/Large '' was for me . I was sent the `` Large '' . Amazon customer rep is very helpful and sent me a coupon for my next purchase . They also have another item number for the `` Tall/Large '' and the price was much more . After it arrived , and after going through all that -- GUESS WHAT ? The opening is the same ! The only thing that makes the door `` Taller '' is the additional material below . So I returned the more expensive `` Tall/Large '' and kept `` Large '' -LCB- I really wish Amazon would change the name of the item because you get the `` LARGE '' ONLY , NOT `` LARGE/TALL '' . It was very easy to assemble . The lock did n't work for me so I did n't use it . The weather strip kept coming off so I used a professional tape for wigs -LRB- i 'm a salon :-RRB- which I had to tape twice and it 's still staying as we speak . What I love about this product is that with a puppy , I do n't have to get up wee hours of the night to take him outside , I put him next to the pet door and he goes whenever he needs to ! I 'm so glad I found this product because I was almost contemplating knocking a hole in my wall . A pet door is the answer and there is no mess to clean up in the crate , floor , etc ! I only wish I knew about this sooner . BUY IT ! BUT YOU WILL ONLY BE SENT THE `` LARGE '' if you click on `` PetSafe Large/Tall Deluxe Pet Panel for Sliding Doors , Satin ''
 Ordered this -LRB- large - satin -RRB- for my 76lb mix . She has yes to figure out that she can push the flap to walk through it , but we are rating the door not the dog ;-RRB- . I am sure she will catch on , till then we leave it taped open when we leave the house.Door installs well , clear instructions . The latch wont install on my existing door because it is beveled , thus putting the latch out of line . I 'll make something custom.Solid built and the `` satin '' matches bare aluminum well . The magnetic flap seals ok for the moderate temperatures here .
 Now do n't get me wrong ; this is a great door ! I love it ! It took me 15 minutes to setup , and another 5 minutes teaching my one year old Lab to use it . The magnets hold the door closed well , and the door looks good from outside and in . It did take another hour or two to make the door winter-proof
 I ordered this pet door for our new cat . It has a clean look , fits well and our cat started going in and out without bothering us to open a door for him within an hour . This door offers good security by keeping all other critters out of our house -LRB- a real problem in the mountains -RRB- . Our cat likes to sit and look out the window in the panel and then when a bird lands on the patio , he flashes through the door . It 's obvious , he thinks it great . As far as latches for locking the slider , well , the instructions plainly state that all sliding doors are different and adaptation may be necessary . I discovered in about 30 minutes , we had complete security with a stick in the slider track rail that can only be removed from the rail from inside the house . Opening the door from the outside is impossible with the stick in place . And the best part , the security stick was free from our wood pile.This product slipped into the track simply and easily with the spring loaded adjuster on top and I slid the slider closed to it and we were in business . A great buy and better quality than other pet doors I 've seen costing much more in stores .
 Because our sliding glass door opens from either side , this dog door worked great ! We did n't have to do any drilling to make it work as we put it on the glass side that would stay in place and not open . By using a large dowel in the bottom and top track , we could push the glass door completely up against the dog door making a tight seal . The glass door that slides continues to lock the normal way . We found that an old water hose worked better than the rubber flap included to help make the sliding door air tight . The rubber flap would not have stayed unless we used screws to keep it in place . By taking an old water hose and cutting a slit all the way along the side , it was easy to attach it to the edge of the sliding glass door 's inside edge . Using a few things around the house turned this dog door into a good buy . Our dog figured it out in no time by having one person on one side with treats and another person on the inside with treats . She could see both people and before too long was going back and forth to get the treats .
 I ordered this door to help with the training of our youngest maltipoo -LRB- 3 months -RRB- . He would go to the door , but if we did n't see him , he would do his business else where . Now he can go in and out and we have had no acidents . Our older maltipoo loves it also . Previously he would stand by the door and bark . Now he does n't have to depend on us to hear him . Same goes with our cat . We have a fenced in yard and have to go out and clean it , but it sure beats in the house.I love the fact it required no sawing , drilling or any kind of maintenance . We did buy some extra weather stripping -LRB- thin -RRB- to enhance the tightness between the slider door and this one . And when we leave this property , we can still take it with us . I would recommend this product to any one with pets .
 I purchased this carrier a little skeptically , since there were n't many reviews to go by . I figured I could always return it if I was n't happy with it . Turns out that wo n't be necessary . I find it to be comparable with the Bjorn in quality and comfort -LRB- I borrowed one from a friend to compare before buying this one -RRB- . Perhaps mine is a slightly different model , but mine snaps under the armpits like the Bjorn does , so I do n't have the problem the other reviewer stated about restricted arm movement . I find this carrier easy to put on and take off . I also had no problem getting the baby in and out of the carrier , unlike the carrier I had with my first which was nearly impossible . Overall , I find this one to be worth the extra money over the entry-level carriers -LRB- like the regular snugli -RRB- , but a better value than the high-end carriers which do n't offer any extra features or higher quality in my opinion . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 This carrier is awesome ... . It 's exactly like the Baby Bjorn but cheaper . I always wanted a Bjorn so when I had my first baby I bought the Bjorn and loved it immediately !!! While on vacation to Hawaii we forgot the Bjorn on the plane . . I was DEVASTED !!!! The Bjorn is sooooo expensive and I defintely needed one while on vacation . I walked into a store in Hawaii and saw the SNUGLI it looked similiar and the description was similar to the BJORN it was the closest thing they had to it . So I bought it . So I pulled it out and I cant tell you how awesome this SNUGLI is there is no difference between this carrier and the BJORN . Except with this carrier your baby can use it up to 26lbs !!!!! Even better than the BJORN !!! Anyways I love this carrier it even has the same style as BJORN I would recommend it to anyone who wants a awesome carrier and not to mention you can save $ 20 !
 My daughter and I really like this carrier ! I first bought the baby bjorn brand and returned it because it was just so expensive , and I thought there had to be one priced more in the middle . I decided to give this one a try -- I like it just as well and saved $ $ . It is very soft and comfortable for the baby . She is 3 months old and she likes to face out so that she can see the world , and this carrier allows her the support to do that . One reviewer said that their baby 's arms were restricted . I just put my daughter 's arms over the top fold , which holds it in place and lets her fly freely ! It is easy to get on and off , I thought , and it is very well made and cozy . What a relief to have my hands free sometimes ! Thanks !
 When I bought this carrier I was looking at the baby bjourn 's , but I could n't see paying that much for a carrier that did n't seem to fit my baby right ! I love this carrier it is comfortable and feels really stable on ! My daughter likes to be faced out , the only thing I have to say is when she is faced out I have to put arms over the the part that folds down -LRB- unlike the picture -RRB- or it will continue to flip up over her face ! All in all a comfortable and reliable carrier ! Good for the $ $ $ !
 This back pack is fantastic . I just love it . I can carry her around with my hands free as she enjoys the world around her . sometimes she even falls asleep so I know she must be comfortable . She enjoys the closeness and warmth as do I but it takes the stress off my arms . I see that in some of the reviews some moms complain about the top flap covering the baby 's face , but you can fold it down easily . I wanted a good quality sling but did n't want to pay 90 $ for that expensive one . I saved 25 $ -30 $ and I believe I got a sling that is just as nice as the Bjorn sling .
 I have used this carrier with both of my children and just love it . I have also used slings and found the Snugli carrier to be more secure and easier and quicker to put on . I do n't know how any mom with a toddler and baby lives without one of these-it is a must-have for shopping , walks , and even doing chores around the house . I only regret that my babies outgrew the carrier around eight months , when they were just too heavy for me to comfortably wear them in it any longer .
 I went back and forth many times during my pregnancy as to if I needed such an item . After much advice , I decided to register for one , but could not bear to have someone spend $ 90 on an item I was unsure I would use . Low and behold , I use it and love it . It gives you hands free around the house when your baby is fussy . Mostly , I love it right now for walking . I put my son in the snugli and that way I can also bring my dog and feel in control of both . Plus , when walking , I do not have to worry about curbs , dirt , etc. . I would highly recommend having one . And this type could not be better .
 Sturdy & Stylish . This bouncer does not have a vibration feature but is oversized and can fit a larger baby . Also , it is more of a rocker than a bouncer but does bounce slightly . It is easy to clean since the cover is removable and the fabric is very plush . Both the back and the footrest are adjustable to the point where you can create a little rocking chair once the baby is older . I love the carrying handles . Overall this is an awesome bouncer that is more sturdy than the average bouncer on the market .
 Our baby slept in this chair for a few weeks to alleviate slight reflux issues . It is well padded , and it 's adjustable . We are still using it for occasional napping , or for a convenient place to hang on to him while we travel . We chose it because we did n't want vibration , and we did want something easy to take along on car trips . The toys were never a bit hit , but I stuck our Whoozit on or another velcro toy , and that worked out . It 's aluminum , not plastic . The one problem we 've had is that the wooden pieces in the back , which are adjustable , sometimes slip .
 Purchased through Amazon prime . Shipped via a freight company . They told me the original box had sustained damage , so they opened it . As delivered , it came in 7 large boxes , all of which were fairly heavy and hard for one person to carry . So , I 'm thankful for that . A single box would have been impossible.Build quality of materials is fantastic . The weight is great -LRB- they 're heavy and sturdy -RRB- and I would n't worry about any sitting on the bottom.Construction was straightforward , but at several points required a second person -- for safety of me and the materials . I 'd guess it took about 2 hours total , not trying to rush and to make sure I got the curves in the right direction.The hanger section is shallow . None of our child angers fit with the doors closed . It 's a neat feature , but is n't as useful as we 'd hoped.Overall , we 're very happy with the results .
 I got a sample of this with another purchase and am planning to buy a full size jar . It has a wonderful , light scent to it , sort of like a powdery perfume -LRB- not a baby powder scent though , which I personally dislike -RRB- . It absorbs quickly and really softens your skin . Very rich . Does n't leave a shiny , greasy , or sticky residue like a lot of other lotions .
 My husband and I picked this bassinet out for several different reasons . The look was nice and modern , not lacy and out dated . It was nutural in color and Apeared to be made well . We bought the bassinet just the other day and as he was finishing putting it together he noticed that the screw holes were missing on one of the wooden arches . We were able to take this piece only back to the store and exchange it rather than taking the whole thing apart . My husband called the customer service line that was included in the directions but they were not much help . Just a word of advice , make sure all of the pieces are properly drilled before you start to assemble .
 We just bought this bassinet even though we are n't due until February . I love the look of it and once you figure out which screw is which it is fairly easy to get together . I think it took my husband and I about half an hour . It feels really solid and rolls around nicely . If you feel the need to iron the dust ruffle things , like I did , I would recommend doing this prior to assembly since you have to take the basket off of the stand to get the cover off . But it irons beautifully and looks great . Compared to all the ghastly plastic things we looked at this one is certainly the best looking . I ca n't wait to use it .
 I must say the bassinet looks just as good -LRB- if not better -RRB- in `` real life '' as it does in the picture . I have it all set up waiting for baby to arrive . I love the classy look of this bassinet -LRB- not too frilly and works for either sex -RRB- and it looks great in our bedroom . The onlt complaint I have so far is putting it together . For the most part , the directions are very helpful and things go together easily . However , when you get to the wheels , be prepared . The do n't just `` snap in '' like they are suppossed to . We had to wrap a wash cloth around them and actually hammer the things in . But once you get it together , it 's cutness makes you forget about those pain in the butt wheels ! Hopefully baby will like it as much as mom does ! : -RRB-
 I work as a Doula and through my patients/clients have an opportunity to see many bassinets , cradles , and cribs . There are so many beautiful bassinets out there ranging in price from $ 50-60 and topping out well over $ 1500 -LRB- YES , for a bassinet !! -RRB- . Price alone has n't been a guarantee of quality from the experience of our practice . Several of my clients own this Eddie Bauer bassinet and enjoyed it so much that it prompted me to purchase it for my Niece as a shower gift . She 's as pleased with it as my client 's were . There have been no reported safety problems , had there been , I would certainly have spoken up and definitely would n't have purchased one for family ! This is a wonderful bed to tuck your new little one into .
 I originally chose this bassinet because of it 's looks . I then read the online reviews and was a little skeptical . As everyone says , the music is horrible . Our fix - we do n't play it . We mainly use the bassinet for night time sleeping in our bedroom and really would n't want him to get used to listening to music to fall asleep anyway . I listened to the reviews and replaced the mattress that it came with -LRB- very thin and flimsy -RRB- with the simmons bassinet mattress -LRB- not expensive at all and is a nice tight fit -RRB- . Now I can use the bassinet sheets that B ' R US sells -LRB- Koala brand fits perfect -RRB- . Our son did n't sleep in it right away , but after a week of trying and some swaddling , he started to sleep in it just fine . Now , that 's where he sleeps every night -LRB- he 's 2 months old -RRB- . I love it . If he starts to fuss , I reach over and rock him back to sleep . I 've never had a problem with him rolling to one side even when the bassinet is unlocked -LRB- able to swing -RRB- . I think it is a very sturdy bassinet and should last us a long time . Plus , because of the design , it does n't stick out with our decor . I would definitely recommend this bassinet to others .
 I did n't have a rocking bassinet with my first one , and I wish I had this one . It rocks and lullabies baby to sleep so easily ! No more hours in rocking chair middle of the night in order to put baby down ! It 's really cute , and safe , with soft padding on the sides , and my son loved it.It has casters , so you can roll it out of the room and take a nap while your hubby rocks baby.I read some reviews and was wondering if people even follow the instructions NOT TO PUT BABY OLDER THAN 4 MONTHS . I have n't seen a newborn who twists himself in a circle in a bassinet . Have you ???
 This was the perfect bassinet for us . It is very sturdy and has a small base making it easy to fit in a small area . It does not rock on it 's own like we originally thought ; however , either do most other bassinet/cradles . We liked that it did not rock from the base like most bassinets/cradles . It makes it perfect for families with larger dogs . It rocked slightly when locked , but never leaned when our son started pushing himself towards the sides . The music was awful , therefore , we just opted not to put batteries in . We did not have a problem with the sheet . We just used lap pads underneath our son . We had to wash it only once because of him getting it wet , in which case , a pillowcase worked just fine . We are very happy with the purchase and plan to use it with our next child .
 Beautiful bassinet that makes caring for your litle one so much easier . EASY TO ASSEMBLE . Would reccomend it to anyone expecting
 We love this bassinet , it 's comfortable for our newborn , it 's beautiful and well made . I see the potential hassard that others are writing about with the bassinet not locking very well in place and now a baby can roll to the side but that 's why we bought wedges that keep her on her back and prevent her from rolling . I think that 's a potential risk in any bassinet that rocks and everyone should have the wedge 's regardless since it helps prevent SIDS . We really love this bassinet though , and highly recommend it .
 THIS IS OVERALL A WONDERFULL ITEM . THE ONLY THING THAT DISAPPOINTED ME WAS YOU HAVE TO ROCK IT YOURSELF . I HAD THOUGHT THE BATTERY OPERATED BOX WOULD DO THIS BUT IT ONLY PLAYS MUSIC . OTHER THAN THAT IT IS GREAT .
 we just purchaced this basinette and it is very nice :-RRB- after reading previous reviews i believe people did not asemble it corectly ... the directions were not that hard to comprehend . It was a little tricky getting the rocking cam-bolts in , out side of that it is a very sturdy basinette Iam looking forward to putting my little one to sleep in it ...
 We received this bassinet as a shower gift and mostly keep it downstairs in our family room . It was perfect for me , since I had a C-section ... I put all baby 's supplies on the storage area underneath the bassinet , and did n't have to keep running upstairs to baby 's room for everything . Plus , it blends in nice , being neutral in style and color . I agree with other reviewers that the mattress was bad , and I bought a nicer one for about $ 10.00 at BRU . My son loved being bundled up and sleeping in it ... he is almost 5 months old now and has pretty near outgrown it , but I still keep in in our family room , mostly for the storage . As for the reviewer who was concerned about the safety , obviously they did n't read the instructions ... there is a `` lock '' option on the bassinet so that when you are not rocking the baby you MUST LOCK THE BASSINET in the center position to avoid baby tilting to one side or the other and possibly suffocating . My husband assembled the bassinet and said it was fairly simple to assemble , and our bassinett is totally secure , no parts have ever come loose and we used it pretty much every day . But again , that reviewer likely did n't follow the directions and that is why they had so many `` problems '' . Overall , I really love the bassinet and would definitely recommend it !
 We just purchased this bassinet a little while ago and our baby is not due until another month . Me being excited , I immidiately wanted to put it together , which I found very easy . I only had my husband tighten the bolts for safty knowing that their nice and tight . I did get all the parts in the box and had no problems following the directions . The quality of the bassinet seems great and yes there is still a tiny rocking motion -LRB- 1/2 inch -RRB- even if its in locking mode , But I gatta say in my opinion it can not flip your baby over as some say which yes could be harmful to your baby . Unless your baby weighs 5 lbs then you can worry about somthing like that , but even then you can purchase a sleep positioner , which I will do regardless.I do recommend the bassinet to all parents . Its good quality , made of wood not plastic , -LRB- lasts longer -RRB- looks great with any room decor , unlike the majority of bassinets out there that look like an antique bed from the 1800s . Made to fit through doorways no problem with locking wheels . Storage underneath which will come very handy . One neg is that there is no mobile or toy attached for childs attention and I cant seem to figure out what to use for that.QUESTION FOR OTHER PEOPLE THAT DID PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT ... What did you purchase to attach and use on bassinet for babies entertainment ???
 I only give this bassinet 4 stars because the music box can be rather touchy , however ; if it 's not working I turn it on and off a few times and that usually works . Secondly , it tilts to one side pushing my son against the edge . If that padding was a bit thicker it would n't be a problem , but the padding does n't cover up the metal bars very well . So , I have placed rolled blanket on either side to prevent that from happening again . Otherwise , the bassinet is really great . It definatelly goes with various styles of decor , and is neutral to both boy and girls . The storage underneath is an added bonus as well . As for the sheets , it 's not a problem you just order them on line .
 This has been a great bassinet for my 2 month old . The narrow design allows it to fit nicely next to our bed and is very easy to peek in while she is sleeping . The wheels make it easily portable from room to room and no squeezing through door jams . As for the sheet situtation , I would suggest using a pillow case , they are the perfect size . Or , if you know someone crafty -LRB- like my mom -RRB- they can easily sew together some sheet.I have loved this bassinet and very happy with our decision to purchase it , well worth the money .
 The music is the best . Our little Ryan , LOVES IT !!! It sooths him like no other music that we have found in ANY product.I ca n't understand why other people have such a problem with this . WHATEVER !!!!! DEFINITELY buy this product !!! It is head a shoulders above all others in terms of looks and the rocking feature is a total non factor !!!!! WE LOVE IT ... but most importantly , RYAN LOVES IT THE MOST !!!!!!!!!
 Bought this for my sister in law she loved it 2 others have used it after her . Very sturdy !
 I really enjoyed this bassinet . What I truly loved was the mobility . Our daughter really loved it too . We have put this bassinet away and are planning to use it with the 2nd baby .
 Perfect bassinett for any home decor . Also , it is neutral enough for either gender.The reviews listed are older , therefore they dont point out that the bassinett now included two locking levers on each side of the bassinette so it does not move . But yes , the pad is thin . So , I bought a 15 dollar bassinette pad . -LRB- Sold at babysrus -RRB- and bought Koala Bear bassinette sheets -LRB- only ones that fit -RRB- for about 4 dollars each . and its so much more comfortable !
 When we went shopping for bassinets , my husband and I fell head over heels for this one . I love the colors and the storage underneath is wonderful . However , this does not have an automatic rocking feature , which for some reason I thought it had . If I would have realized it before my baby shower I probably would have picked out a different bassinet . My 8 week old daughter falls asleep and stays asleep with a rocking motion , and I 'm way too tired to rock her all night . Also , I do n't use the music feature , so I ca n't comment on that .
 We love this bassinette . It is sturdy and will last forever .
 This is a very nice bassinet . Larger than many out there so you get more use out of it . It goes well in a house as a nice piece of furniture . I liked that I could roll it from room to room . I parked it next t my bed and rocked baby back to sleep without getting up many times at night . The mattress it comes with is too thin so I got an organic one at BBRUS that fit perfectly . Not sure why , but all bassinets seem to come with flimsy thin mattresses . Safety perhaps ? Or just being cheap 5 don ; t know . I loved it so much I got it again when we got pregnant the second time . Was sorry when they outgrew it . I think they are very sturdy and can stay in there well past 15 pounds , but that they say that so they are not responsible . All bassinets -LRB- even they pack n plays -RRB- say 15 pounds as the limit .
 We did n't know if we were going to have a boy or girl so when we saw this bassinet , we thought it was perfect because it has classic lines and the wood is so pretty.It would be nice in a nursery for a boy or a girl.The music is not great but we use a Fisher Price music box beside it anyway at night -LRB- the same one we 'll use w / his crib -RRB- . I did wish it rocked on its on at first but later I was glad it does n't because he never got use to having to be rocked to go to sleep . I love the area below to store his blankets and bibs . The mattress is too flat and the baby did n't love the bed at first ; we bought a thicker one for it for $ 12 and the baby enjoyed the bassinet much better then . We get compliments on this bassinet all the time about how pretty it is and our baby still enjoys sleeping in it at 10 weeks .
 The order came in a timely manner and the product wasjust what I had expected . After shopping around to look for theright bassinet for my new grandchild , the Eddie Bauer bassinetseemed the right choice because of its style and comfort.I also liked the fact that it was musical .
 Our grandparents purchased this item for our second child since we borrowed a bassinet for our first . We love this bassinet . It wasnt the easiest thing to put together , lol . Only prob we had putting it together was the wheels had to be hammered in . Better tight than loose though . Reviews were right about the music . The music could be A LOT better but I wont use it anyways . Not sure why people said it wasnt sturdy . Its a real sturdy bassinet . They must not have tightened the screws or something for it to have been the way they described it . All in all Im really pleased with this item . Would recommend it to others !
 To the person who was complaining about the music box not working , please note that it does work you just have to turn it off and on a few times and it will work . My husband and I also took our music box back to BRU and they exchanged it and it did n't turn on the first time we turned it on but eventually it worked ! My son is now 61/2 months and the music box still works and we have n't changed the battery since we brought the new box home ! -LRB- that was in August -RRB- ! Good Luck
 I can not find this information - I am trying to verify that the mattress came with this bassinet . Thanks !
 We got a pack and play for our baby to sleep in the bedroom but she would not sleep for longer than twenty minutes . I heard that newborns like to sleep in small spaces so I decided to get a bassinet . This was the only one in the store that I liked - everything else was either overly frilly or cartooney . Now she sleep for hours at a time and even takes naps !! I disagree with the other reviews regarding the safety of this item . The bassinet does lock so it will not tilt if your little one rolls over -LRB- mine started to roll to her side at one week -RRB- . If your baby can roll all the way around it is time to put him or her in a crib ! I did n't even bother with the music since musical attachments that come with most baby products sound horrible anyway so I can not comment on that aspect of the product . One complaint I have with this bassinet is that the cover gets dirty you have to take the whole thing apart to clean it . I guess if someone is handy with a sewing machine you could cut it up and add velcro .
 I had already purchased another bassinet , but I had a c-section and the bassinet I purchased was to low to the ground . My Father-in-Law brought this to me . It is the greatest . It has wheels so I could roll the baby from room to room . -LRB- It was like the bassinets they use in the hospital -RRB- This is great while you are healing . It has alot of storage at the bottom so I kept all the bibs and blankets at close range . The fabric is easy to clean . The structure of the product is very solid and safe . I 'm going to have to put the baby in a crib soon . I will miss using my Bassinet .
 I just finished assembling my bassinet and I am very pleased . It was very easy to put together . I would have given it 5 stars , but as mentioned the music is awful -LRB- that 's okay , I can do without it -RRB- and the bassinet material is time consuming to remove for cleaning . Other than that it is just perfect . Since I 'm having a boy , I bought light blue knit bassinet sheets from Carters . I put them on over top of the cover that came with the bassinet and they fit just perfect . I also put a thin piece of memory foam under the `` mattress '' for a little extra padding without compromising safety .
 Do n't let negative reviews keep you from enjoying this bassinet . While there are valid concerns regarding slight movement of the cradle portion of the bassinet while in the locked position , there is a very simple , safe , effective , and inexpensive solution to this situation . This review is from someone who actually has purchased and used the bassinet , not just looked at it in the store and based an opinion on heresay.My Daughter just gave birth to her first child -LRB- a Son , 7 lbs , 5 0unces -RRB- a few weeks earlier than expected . She had seen this bassinet and loved it , so we hurridly purchased and assembled it before she arrived home from the hospital . We had not read any product reviews or consulted a consumer products rating reporting agency before purchase , however my Daughters Sister-In-Law did so immediately upon learning what bassinet had been purchased.A lengthy series of phone calls ensued alerting us to the potential hazards that could befall our newest bundle of joy should the cradle of the bassinet not lock sufficently and the baby could possibly roll beyond the confines of the newborn sleeping positioning device and become lodged against the side of the bassinet . This could potentially cause suffocation and this really concerned us . I was still visiting there at the time , as was MY Sister-In-Law . We both immediately inspected the bassinet and looked for a solution to the problem.We found the perfect solution . The bassinet is the most sturdy one on the market in it 's price range . The rocking feature was n't what attracted my Daughter to the bassinet , she was impressed by the fact that very , very sturdy , it 's solid wood , generous in size , has plenty of storage under the bassinet and is very affordable . In fact , it compared in construction to bassinets two and three times it 's cost . I consulted with my Husband -LRB- an Engineer -RRB- , my Father-In-Law -LRB- a Mechanical Engineer -RRB- , My Brother-In-Law -LRB- also an Engineer -RRB- , my Brother -LRB- a professional Custom Cabinetmaker -RRB- and drew upon my own experience as an Interior Designer and a current student of Architecture to solve the problem of movement of the cradle portion of the bassinet . What we came up with , is using heavy duty 17 '' zip ties . Considering we were not going to rely on the rocking feature regularly , but wanted a safe and sturdy sleeping area the zip ties were a perfect immediate solution . These are used in the automotive industry to attach things like radiator hoses to the radiator . You can see the kind of high heat and pressure they are subjected to . In fact zip ties are used for many things requiring strength , reliability , and minimal invasiveness . We attached the cradle part of the bassinet to the frame at each corner with one zip tie , gently tightening each one equally until there was no movement and the cradle/bassinet was level . We put the zip ties just high enough to be hidden underneath the skirting fabric . Once everything was tight and level , we snipped off any excess and smoothed the skirting . This was about three weeks ago , and since then there has been no problems with movement . There are so many ways of rocking a baby -LRB- swings , carriers , bouncers , etc. -RRB- that we have never even thought about missing the rocking of the bassinet . Truthfully , since cradles and bassinets -LRB- both the Eddie Bauer and the Dondella -RRB- are `` people powered '' there are more convenient ways to rock the baby . My Daughter does not prefer to keep my Grandson in his bassinet 24 hours a day either . We plan to make a permenant modifications to the bassinet with hardware of the type that has been used on cradles for many years . At that point we have no doubt that this bassinet will give many babies a safe place to sleep for generations to come.The second item I 'd like to address here is sheets . I 've noticed complaints about how difficult it is to buy sheets for this bassinet . I 've also solved this problem for my Daughter . We PURCHASED NEW 2 packages of standard pillowcases , -LRB- we bought 400 + thread count egyptian cotton -RRB- in a woven design and color that coordinated with the bassinet fabric for $ 20 for 4 pillowcases . We took a few inches off the length with one seam and a few inches off the width with another seam , leaving the original hem in place . In under 30 minutes we had four double sided , quality bassinet sheets . I should add that the original sheet from the manufacturer is a double sided sheet in the exact dimensions as those we custom made ourselves . Of course we had the option to choose the best fabric available -LRB- better than the Bauer sheets , in fact better than anything I found in catalogs or stores -RRB- . An added bonus ... in the middle of the night you can just flip the mattress over for a clean side in an emergency until morning . For soon-to-be or inexperienced parents , this is not to suggest a soiled sheet should not be changed promptly , but for the same reasons hospitals double sheet a bed and/or use draw sheets , having a double sided sheet on your bassinet can be very handy at 3am . If you do n't have a sewing machine , maybe you can find a friend or a family member to help you out . This is such a simple project to do , and oh-so-easy on the pocket book , too!In closing , I would like to stress that I believe Eddie Bauer should take responsibility and fix the problem they have with movement of the cradle/bassinet in the fixed position . It 's a slight movement and the first time we noticed it happened my Grandson had moved an inch , however , he had n't been placed in his infant sleeping positioner , either -LRB- Doctors HIGHLY suggest infants be placed in a positioner , especially when baby is placed on his side to sleep as it not only supports his back , it also prevents him from rolling over onto his tummy -RRB- . Once my Daughter began using that , there were no more problems . My Daughters Sister-In-Law alerted us to the safety issues with this bassinet and she believes my Daughter should not use it any more regardless of the fact that the problem has been resolved , citing the review of the parent who 's child had to wear head gear because of having several conditions their MD felt was caused by sleeping in one position for 2 months as a newborn . Since they had used this bassinet exclusively for those two months , the parents concluded it was the bassinet at fault . Regardless of a `` rating '' of a product , it 's still the responsibility of the parents or caregiver to be ever vigilent . The safest rated product can be dangerous if your child is n't supervised and you do n't use good old fashioned common sense . The Dondola cradle mentioned by another reviewer is manufactured by a company that has had products recalled because side rails have loosened and seperated , creating a space greater than 22/3 '' between the slats . According to the recall notice `` Babies could be strangled if their heads become entrapped between the slats . In addition , babies could be seriously injured if they fall out of the crib '' should another of these structural defects occur.As with most `` bassinets '' the Eddie Bauer unit is designed to be padded with fabric . Since the baby is never in contact with the framework , the spacing is inconsequential as it 's the soft fabric covering that would come in contact with baby . This is most common in bassinet construction . However with a cradle -LRB- such as the Dondola -RRB- , it is generally constructed out of wood or metal and designed to be used with bumpers - and for babies safety should be used with bumpers - such as would be used in a crib . This also reduces the actual mattress space Baby has available to sleep on . There has always been a difference between a cradle and a bassinett , please keep this in mind when comparing both the beds , and the bedding required . The Dondola cradle also has no storage , no canopy or hood and will need some sort of bumpers which will add to the average cost of the base price of $ 170 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- . I still rate the Eddie Bauer Bassinet at 4 stars because it is well made , sturdy , roomy , has lots of storage , fits with many decors and the price of $ 129 is excellent . It 's easily available at your local Babies R Us stores if you wish to avoid shipping costs . Eddie Bauer , you MUST address the issue of slight movement when the unit is supposed to be locked . When that happens , this unit will be an easy 5 stars .
 I fell in love with this bassinet the first time I saw it in the store . I 'm having a baby girl and it is a perfect alternativ when you feel like you need something away from the Pink !!! I am only giving it 4 stars because you have to order the sheets from the manufacturer . The bassinet itself is a 5 star product , easy to assemble and still pretty sturdy even if you are not `` bob the builder . '' To order the sheets call 1 8005441108 and be ready to have the model/serial number ready that you can find on the box . This was the hardest part for me since I had thrown out the box . Order your sheets EARLY , they are on backorder right now and I am due in 2 weeks !!! I live on the west coast and 2 sheets only cost me $ 12.50 Even if you have to order sheets over the phone , this product is well worth the money .
 This bassinet is the best ! So much nicer and sturdier than any other I have seen . In response to a previous comment about finding spare sheets that fit the bassinet pad , you can order one from the company by calling the number on the box 1-800-544-1108 for $ 5.00 .
 My son really loves this bassinet and it 's breeze to move around . My son was a preemie so we did n't want to stick him in a crib just yet and this bassinet is just right ! The storage area is great for all the baby 's what not 's as well as a few toys ...
 Unlike a bunch of the reviews I have read I have used this product for the last 2 months and for the most part am very happy with it . My daughter was 6lbs 12oz 18in when she was born and we put her in it from day one . She just went for her two month check up and is now 10lbs 13oz 21.5 in and does n't seem to be very confortable in it . It is very small and will not last for very long and if your child happens to be born bigger you can be lucky to get a months use out of it . The mattress that comes with this product is way to thin . I would recommend purchasing another mattress or folding a thick blank and placing it in the bassinet . As for the sheets I had no problem finding the sheets at Babies R Us . I do love the fact that it easily moved from room to room and never seemed to have a problem with locks locking either the wheels or the rocking mechanism . I will miss the convience of moving her from room to room and having all her baby products right under her . I have now put up her Bauer play pen and am using the bassinet feature which is a lot larger but not as portable . . Over all a good product just wish it was made a little bigger .
 My son just loves this to sleep in . I had received another bassinet as a gift for my shower but my son would not sleep in it . We had tried other solutions and one day while shopping I saw this bassinet and thought it could n't hurt to try . My son sleeps in this with no problems . There are many plus sides to this bassinet -- you can rock it -LRB- cradle -RRB- or keep it locked in place , there is storage on the bottom that I use for my son 's other blankets and sheets , there is even a musical device on it that plays songs for the baby to sooth him , and the wheels on it help it roll smoothly if need be . If you need a beautiful bassinet and a little extra storage space for just whatever this is the one .
 I purchased this bassinet from Target three months ago . I thought that it was very sturdy for the price and had researched the reviews here on Amazon and in the Babies Bargains books . It does look as though it rocks on it 's own in the store . -LRB- I visited the display in Babies R Us . -RRB- But , I had already read the review here and knew that the bassinet would not have that function . Which for me , was not an issue . The interior of the bassinet is very roomy and I think that if it did rock on it 's own it would be very dangerous to walk away from baby because they can easily roll over to the sides . My son ; -LRB- who is one month old today -RRB- , loves to sleep with his face right up next to the bedding . I have to monitor him and I placed a sleeping wedge in there . It has two side pillows that keep him from rolling over . It was $ 14.00 at Babies R Us and worth every penny . The bassinet rocks only slightly . I think this is very wize since some of the bassinets that I tested go too hard and too fast . This one does not risk being knocked over when you trip into it in the middle of the night . And , it fits nicely right up to the edge of the bed . Our bed is high up , so I can peer over and see him sleeping . If your bed is a standard height you have to sit up to see into it . But , it 's a great height when standing and you have to bend over to pick up baby.I did not realize when I purchased this bassinet that there was such a flaw with the design of the bedding . You have to dismantel the bolts in order to remove the bedding to wash . Now , I have stripped the nut . I called the service line and ordered four more . The replacement cost for a set of the hardware was only $ 3.00 . I also ordered another set of the bedding . -LRB- $ 15.00 -RRB- My baby has throw up twice on it since yesterday and I have to take the thing apart again to wash it . I do admit that I wash the bedding in the machine.I do not have time to hand wash and dry.It did not shrink.The reviews also stated that the mattress was too thin . I agree . Yes , a baby should sleep on a firm mattress , but come on ... Would you want to sleep on a board when you were a newborn ? I did buy a mattress at Babies R Us that fit perfectly and is quite firm.There is lots of storage space in the bottom shelf . And the wheels cruise nicely over the carpeting from room to room . Yes , the music player is tinny and anoying . I do not think that it is too loud . I think that this bassinet could be sold without it any no one would lose out . My baby seems to ignore it.If it were n't for the fact that the bedding is a pain to clean , I would give this product five stars . If the ends were fixed with Velcro and the canopy could be held back , it would be perfect to me . I hope that this review will help another new parent . I never realized just how much frequent washing of EVERYTHING I was going to entail .
 My wife and I are currently using the Eddie Bauer bassinet for our 3rd child , and we like it very much . She is currently over 9 pounds and since this bassinet is so roomy and stable , she will no doubt continue to be happy in it until she either learns to roll over -LRB- which is when ALL babies should be moved out of ANY bassinet or cradle -RRB- , or reaches something like 25 pounds . In our experience babies learn to roll long before they reach the weight limits , unless your baby has serious health or progression issues . This is actually the 3rd bassinet we 've owned . Our first child used a more traditional cradle/glider . It was a gift to us and we felt obligated to use it , but we were quite frustrated with it and were grateful to see it go away in a yard sale . What we DID N'T like about the cradle was the open wooden bars . We HAD to use bumper pads -LRB- like you use on a crib -RRB- which made the actual usable space much smaller . There was also a problem with my Daughter getting her arm and a leg caught in the bars . That cradle was much smaller than a crib , and even with a bumper , because the sides were wood bars and not fabric , it did n't take very much squirming for her to get stuck.The second bassinett we had for our second child had the `` works '' . We thought we 'd go the Hi Tech route this time . It had all the bells and whistles . It had high ratings , so we thought all would be well . Wrong . This thing was awful !! It was made of plastic and Really , REALLY cheap metal . Plastic connections and rivets . It was wobbly when we moved it , and eventually it was wobbly just touching it ! Was the worst investment we ever made . We tossed it after 31/2 weeks and borrowed one from a friend.This time we shopped for quite a while . We were looking online as well this time instead of just the local retailers . We are planning one more child , so investing in a quality bassinet makes sense for us . We feel the Eddie Bauer has been an excellent choice for both this baby and for the next one . Positive reviews overwhelm negative ones , especially considering many of the negative reviews question something as simple as sheets ! -LRB- As experienced parents and consumers , we did n't base our decision solely on opinions of others , particularly so when the negative reviews were written by people who do not , and never have , owned the product-Or-not owning the product , based their review on someones opinion who does not and never has owned the product ! -RRB- We LOVE this bassinet ! and so does our Daughter . It 's the perfect size , has wonderful features and is just `` low-tech '' enough to not have a lot of gadgets to break , but was well designed to give Mom and Dad lots of storage on a large -LRB- the full size of the bassinet -RRB- shelf under the bassinet . It 's also covered on both sides with fabric . -LRB- nice touch , even where it ca n't be seen Bauer takes the care and time to build a quality piece of furniture -RRB- . The shelf is very sturdy and can hold a considerable volume and weight . My wife has fabric covered boxes and baskets that hold things like diapers , wipes , blankets , onesies , gowns , socks and extra outfits . Everything is right where you need it , and goes with the bassinet and the baby since it all rolls so easily and is so sturdy -LRB- something like it was in the hospital -RRB- . The hood is held in place with velcro tabs instead of snaps . This is so great ! Should you need to take the fabric cover off the metal framework for machine washing , you do n't have any problems putting the cover back on the frame . On our second bassinet the snaps rusted in the wash and the fabric shrunk a bit making it very difficult to put back on it 's frame -LRB- which , by the way , was not made nearly as well as the Eddie Bauer -RRB- This fabric also easily irons should you care to touch it up before you put it on , As for the frame of the bassinet , it 's just that , a frame . It NEVER is in contact with the baby ! EVER . It 's a frame . That 's the way a bassinet is designed . This is not a cradle , or a crib , it 's a bassinet . Bassinets have frames that are then covered so babies can transition from the warm confines in Mom 's womb , to a warm , close , safe bed that Dad and Mom can keep close to them . Bassinets are supposed to have a very sturdy frame structure . The space between the frame supports is not as important as the strength of the frame . Again , I will stress - Babies are NEVER in contact with the framework of a bassinet ! To compare a bassinet to crib or cradle is like comparing apples to oranges . Do n't confuse bassinet construction with the specifications for a crib or a cradle , they are different because a baby has direct contact with the crib/cradle bars , and the bars are what keep the baby from falling out of the crib/cradle . -LRB- I noticed New Mom was pretty confused about this . -RRB- The Eddie Bauer bassinet has a substantial framework that is generously covered with padded fabric -LRB- according to code -RRB- to not only make bumpers unnecessary , but to create an environment to soothe and nurture your newborn . The hood helps to dampen the noise in the home that can startle a newborn . The solid fabric covering reduces drafts and helps create the sleeping environment newborns find most comforting . We find the wooden frame to be absolutely sound and certainly as a bonus to my Wife and Myself , it 's a beaftiful piece of furniture . We 've had no problem with movement of the bassinet once it has been `` locked '' . Our Daughter has certainly never rolled to a side , or slept with her face against the side . We do n't use a sleep positioner regularly , however occassionaly we will roll up a receiving blanket and tuck it under her back to prop her up on her side . -LRB- our hospital nurse for our first Daughter showed us this -RRB- . Finding sheets has n't been an issue for us here , they 're readily available for this size bassinet . I must say , tho , Loving Grandmother has a fine idea of using new pillowcases . My Mother In Law read the review and told us she also agreed with it and will make some for us . What logical person could possibly complain about top quality custom made sheets made by a Loving Grandmother?My wife and I hope this review has been helpful . We actually OWN and USE this bassinet and LOVE IT !! This review is not heresay and conjecture , it 's facts and our experiences . We suggest looking at ALL the reviews on this product . By scrolling down to the bottom of the page and clicking on `` see all reviews '' and then go back up to the top of the page there is a box that will allow you to arrange the reviews in any order you choose . Click on `` Arrange Highest to Lowest '' . We found the reviews in totality helpful . The Best of Luck and A Happy Baby To All !
 This is a really great bassinet ... for a boy or girl ! It seemed like all the other bassinets were either too frilly for my baby boy , or too cheaply made . This one took care of both problems ... it 's very neutral in color -LRB- which matches just about anything -RRB- and it 's a very simple , practical design . It 's very sturdy and well made . It 's also fairly easy to assemble ... it took me an hour and a half to assemble it myself -LRB- at 7 months pregnant -RRB- and I did n't have any problems . The only thing I wish it had was a vibrating feature . I 'd also recommend ironing it first because it does get very wrinkled .
 My baby loves to sleep in the bassinet , I have not encounter any of the problems that other people have mention regarding the rocking . I might still be able to move it slightly after locking it , but there is no way that will flip my baby over or even move him to one corner of the bassinet . I just wish that the bottom wheels would lock better . Regardless I love it I am just sad that my baby is going to outgrow it soon .
 I happen to like this bassinet a lot . My baby was born at 8lbs 6oz and 20 '' long and we used this bassinet right from birth . I have not had any major problems like the other reviewers have stated . All my parts were included , nothing fell off or broke -LRB- my baby is now 2 mos old , 11lbs and 221/4 '' and we still get use out of it , although he primarily sleeps in his crib now for our sleeps sake ! -RRB- The only problems i have encountered with this bassinet is that the rocking motion is very stiff , i would like to see it glide a little easier so that you can push it a few times and it continues to rock . This only moves when you are pushing it , and immediately stops when you let go . Not an easy task when you are half asleep in the middle of the night . also the music was rather cheesy and did not soothe my baby . Otherwise , i love the fact that it is on wheels and fits easily through doorways . I got MUCH use out of this because i was able to feed the baby and put him down to sleep in the living room while my husband was able to sleep in the bedroom ... then when he was asleep , i could easily roll him back into the bedroom -LRB- and vice versa ! -RRB- . The matress pad is really thin , in fact i didnt even know that it was supposed to be a mattress so i had registered for one that fit nicely into it and thus do not have a sheet problem as was mentioned in other reviews . Some sort of mobile would have been nice for the baby to enjoy , but we just bought a cute clip on one and that solved that problem . Overall i think it was a great buy and very classy looking , with only minor drawbacks . I am sad to say that he is beginning to get a little big for it , but still works as a nice place to put the baby down for a little bit when i am in my bedroom -LRB- making the bed or doing other chores -RRB- .
 Once I saw this bassinet at BRU I fell in love with it . I used it since day one and had no problems with it . Loved the rolling wheels feature since it made going from room to room a breeze . The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is just because I thought that the bassinet would rock by itself . However , now that i think of it I would n't use that feature regardless since I would n't feel at ease knowing something could happen with the baby.To the point , great bassinet , very sturdy and well built . It took about 30-45 minutes to assemble . My son loved it and I felt my son was safe in it at all times .
 As a mum-to-be , I was originally drawn to this bassinet due to its appearance . It 's made out of solid wood , and the fabric design is just delicate enough to suit a small little bundle of your own . However , although it 's called a `` rocking '' bassinet , it 's purely manual . Many people have made the assumption it would be automatic , which would have been a very nice feature indeed . And although the warnings state that only the included mattress is to be used , it 's as thin as paper so we bought a proper mattress for our little guy 's comfort and found no ill effects or hazards related to using one.After using this bassinet with my now 1mth old son , I can report only two flaws with this product :1 -RRB- The wheels on the bottom are `` inserted '' into holes into the wooden legs -- there 's nothing actually securing them there . This caused a bit of panic , as when the bassinet is empty and it is pulled too quickly , one wheels always comes off and the whole thing tips over . And then , it 's very difficult to reinsert the wheel bit using only one hand . Never ran into this problem when my son was actually in the bassinet , but then again he was a 9lb baby so weight probably played a part .2 -RRB- As other reviewers have mentioned , the `` music box '' was useless feature . The sound broadcast by that little box will drive any living thing insane , so save your batteries .
 I absolutely love this bassinet . My husband put it together in no time . It moves easily from room to room . The mattress is very thin but I just bought a thicker mattress , and that solved the problem . The storage unit is very helpful . If you have to move the bassinet you still have everything you need right there.No complaints over here !!
 Really love this bassinet . We have the one in all white , but it 's the exact same thing . Used it exclusively for our daughter to sleep in until she was about 6 weeks and then changed to the crib . I know it seems silly to use something like this for 6 weeks only but I thought it was indispensible . You can roll it room to room wherever you are so that baby is n't far from you , and store all her clothing and diapers in the shelf underneath it so that all baby things are in one place until you are more comfortable using the nursery , changing table , etc. . The crib just seemed too huge for such a tiny baby . We love this bassinet . Very well made and easy to put together .
 i love this bassinet , it was so easy to put together , it only took 15 minutes to assemble -LRB- with a electric drill/screwdriver -RRB- , music sound very good -LRB- it 's not the greatest -RRB- , locks work fine , i am really pleased with this product , i highly recomend this bassinet .
 I loved this bassinet when I saw it in the store . The colors are nice and it looked sturdy . Plus , I knew I was having a boy , so the other options were n't very attractive to me because they were very frilly and kind of girly looking.My son has slept in this bassinet since we brought him home . He loves it ! I am actually trying to get him to nap in his crib to get him ready to transition , and he does n't like that at all , he wants to be in his bassinet.The music is terrible -LRB- the only reason for the 4 star rating -RRB- but I have to say - my son likes it . He does n't care about musical `` quality '' , he just wants something to listen to . And honestly I have gotten used to it , so no big deal.The shelf at the bottom was literally a life saver early on . I ended up having a c-section , so it was almost impossible for me to carry my nearly 9 pound son from one room to another to change his diaper , etc. everytime it needed to be done . I was able to keep diapers , wipes , and a little vinyl changing pad on the shelf -LRB- along with various other things -RRB- so that I could just change him on my bed.The wheels have also been a big help . It 's nice to be able to move him around if needed . They roll smoothly and my son does n't wake up if I move him -LRB- unless I bonk the bassinet into something - that one 's my fault completely -RRB- ! In response to all of the reviews complaining that the bassinet does n't rock itself - why would you expect it to ? It does n't say self-rocking bassinet and if you look at it in the store you can tell it 's a manual rocker . Frankly that 's kind of nice , as my son is drifting off to sleep I can slow down the rocking so it 's a gradual change that does n't wake him up.Overall , I have been thrilled with the performance of this item . It is sturdy and my son sleeps soundly in it , which is really what is important!We did put a different bassinet mattress in it - the one that comes with it is incredibly thin . Honestly , though , I think my son would have been ok with that one , I just could n't get standard fitted bassinet sheets to work with it so we bought a different one .
 I initally chose this bassinet because of its look . Little did I know how much my baby would love it . My son was 9 pounds and 20.5 inches long at birth . We kept him in the bassinet in our bedroom for the first 3 months . He LOVES sleeping in it still . In fact , we are having a hard time transitioning into his crib now . He likes to lay close to the side , which worried me at first because of SIDS , but I think its because he likes the support and the fabric seems to breathe well . He is now 3 and a half months and is sleeping 8-10 hours at night in the bassinet . I am not looking forward to making him sleep in his crib now , even though I am sure he will grow to love his crib eventually ! The quality and look of this bassinet is wonderful and I would highly recommend it to anyone !
 My mother bought me this bassinet . I have a preemie and she just loves sleeping in it . We have a small house and it is narrow enough to roll through our house with ease . It also has plenty of storage space on the bottom . I would reccomend this to anyone , it is great !!!
 I assembled this product by myself without any major problems.Just so you know the instructions are not that great.The pictures of the nuts and bolts do not look similar towhat you get , so it takes some time to figure that out.Once that was done it went together fairly easy . It seems tobe a hard item to find , but here in Illinois almost all the Babies R Us have them in stock.I was missing some parts and when you call for replacementsthey do not have any in stock.I Called the store and they took parts from another box togive to me . Looking forward to using this very much !!!
 We saw this bassinet in the store and loved it , but our mistake was that we waited to buy it , we went back to get it and there was no more . They told us it would be 8 weeks before they got any in . Well we had to buy another one -LRB- very ugly I most say -RRB- and I was not happy with it when my husband put it together . That night -LRB- without me knowing -RRB- called every BabiesRus on the east coast and found one in West Palm Beach FL -LRB- we are in NY -RRB- They were so nice and said everyone is looking for this item . They shipped it to us just in time . Our baby loves it . It is a perfect fit between our bed and wall . The other bassinet we would of have to keep it at the foot of the bed , and the mattress is the same size , the other one was just a lot bigger on the outside . The storage is great , the design is nice for both boy or girl . It is extremly strudy and well made . A most buy for all .
 I received the Eddie Bauer Bassinet as a shower gift . It was easy to put together -LRB- I did it myself at 8 months -RRB- . Since the mattress was thin we also received an additional mattress for the bassinet . The storage space at the bottom is great and the classic look of the bassinet is beautiful .
 We had a bassinet given to us that was not so attractive and vibrated , but did n't rock . Our son would n't sleep in it . After purchasing the cradle swing , we realized he loved the cradle motion . the cadles seemed so unsturdy and by the time you purchased the bedding ... this was the perfect solution . This thing looks great , its not too fufu and the baby loves it . I just hope he can sleep in it past 4 months !
 I chose this bassinet primarily because we have cats . I was worried that our cats would tip over the other bassinets that we browsed . My husband and I were both unable to tip this over in the store . I also love the built-in music box , and the sturdy construction .
 My son is almost 4 months old now and he has been sleeping in this bassinet since the day we came home from the hospital . We have never had any problems with flat heads or heads getting stuck in bars . Yes it rocks a little bit with the locks on , but never enough to roll my baby , and he was only 7 lbs when he was born .
 I agree with some of the reviews written . The look is great ; we have a 2 month old son and other bassinets looked either cheap or were ugly and too `` frilly '' for a boy . The good things about this bassinet
 My husband and I bought this bassinet because it appears to be well made . The music box did not work and needed to be exchanged . But , the most frustrating problem is that there are currently no sheets manufactured to fit this bassinet , other than the one provided . The manufacturer does not currently provide extra sheets either , although they assured me that they will in the future . Too bad my baby will probably have outgrown this bassinet by then . It 's important to have sheets that fit properly , especially considering SIDS . I would recommend this bassinet when sheets are available .
 Having just turned thirty , I found out that my wife was pregnant with our first child . Talk about aging quickly , goodbye youth , time to be a parent . We were having trouble finding furniture that was n't super dark -LRB- what 's with all of the back and plays being a morbid navy ?!!! -RRB- or white frilly lace . Yeah , it 's 2004 , I really want something that looks like was used by my Great Grandparents , we found this , and fell in love . It 's a beautiful honey colored wood , extremely stable and well put together , and will compliment just about any decor . The rocking action is really nice and soothing and the under bassinet storage is perfect for diapers , toys , and the occassional small dog or two . This is just a really nice bassinet , that anyone would be happy with , and it requires assembly so I had fun with that . Seriously , I ca n't wait to put together my first powerwheels . They 're like models from when I was a kid that go .
 I originally registered for a different bassinet . I saw this one in the store and fell in love with it . We received it as a gift . Although we do n't know if our baby will like it or not ... we know we do . My husband put it together quickly . It 's very sturdy . It 's gorgeous . Bedding is nice and fits perfectly . Love the rocking motion . We hope when our daughter is born she 'll love it as much as we do . We 'll see in a couple of weeks . It is also a good size . . Fit 's at the side of our bed and moves quite easily .
 We say `` Cheers '' to this bassinet !! Our twins love them almost as much as we do . We did n't expect to find such high quality for such a reasonable price . We 've used these beds pretty hard for the past two months , constantly rolling them from room to room as the need arises . With the generous storage shelf each of the babies clothing and changing needs goes right along with them . This cuts down on OUR need to run back and forth for something we might have forgotten . We 're very impressed with the construction of these bassinets . They are the largest ones we found without going into a cradle , which we did n't want to do because we 'd loose a number of features that were important to us . Namely , adding the expense of extra bumpers/bedding . The actual sleeping area was about the same , but the floor space it took up was quite a bit more with a lot less storage . We asked our MD 's , as well as friends and family for their experiences with bassinets -LRB- particularly with the Eddie Bauer -RRB- , did web research and read every article we could find on the subject . After filtering out misinformation and zeroing in on what we needed , we found the Eddie Bauer to be perfect . No problems with rocking in the locked position . Actually , we noticed that those comments seem to come from folks who do n't even own the bed ! We 've recently read the reviews here and are pleased to see the vast majority of folks agree the Eddie Bauer bassinet is an excellent quality bed for Baby . There are some very creative suggestions for entertaining baby with toys , mobiles , and for making sheets -LRB- we 've passed on the sheet suggestion to the babies Nana , one can never have to many sheets ! -RRB- . Thanks for the suggestions , we 'll add ours as we can .
 We just purchased this bassinet and really like it . It 's solid wood , and it 's neutral . We 're having a girl and did n't want frilly lace and pink as the bassinet will be in our room , not hers ! It blends nicely with our decor , and it also rolls easily from room to room . However , the mattress pad is very thin . When we purchased the bassinet , the Babies R Us associate recommended buying a thicker pad , which we did for only $ 9.99 . It fits perfectly in the bassinet , and it solves the whole sheet problem . You can buy any sheets you like to fit the thicker pad instead of having to buy the special order sheets from Eddie Bauer . It 's also much softer . I thought the thin pad seemed sort of hard and cheap , which is why I 'm only giving 4 stars instead of 5 . Otherwise , we really like it !
 I got this bassinet for our second son , born a month ago . It was a great purchase . The size is great for our Manhattan apartment and easy to roll around . I was able to put it together rather easily when I was eight months pregnant , and it is a very sturdy bassinet . Also , the space under the bassinet provides necessary extra storage.The rocking motion is very nice , but I could not tell before I received the bassinet whether it rocked automatically -LRB- it does not - hence the 4 stars -RRB- . As any parent of a new born knows , it is not always easy to stay awake , which can be difficult if the baby needs the rocking motion to fall asleep or especially to stay asleep.Our son has taken to it well . I like that I have a place to put him down and roll him around with me where he is not slumped over as with a stroller , swing or bouncenette . I 've put black and white pictures on the side of the bassinet which keep his interest and the Symphony Mobile fits on the side for when he is older
 I have read the reviews of others and I would have to disagree . I love this bassinet !!! My daughter is 3 months old . I registered for this bassinet after seeing it in the store . It was the nicest one there and I loved the wood . The storage area is great . I had a C-section , so having the storage area allowed me to store diapers , wipes , bisb , clothes , etc. for my daughter , and have everything right at my finger tips . The pad that comes with it is a bit thin . My mother-in-law purchased a separate bassinet pad , which then allowed me to use standard bassinet sheets . A standard bassinet mattress/pad does fit in the bassinet . When the bassinet is in the locked position it only swings maybe 1/2 inch if that ! I never had a problem with it tilting as describe in on of the other reviews . The music is not great , but the music is great on any of the bassinets with that feature .
 My Husband and I looked around for a goodlooking , yet sturdy bassinet for many months . We finally found what we were looking for ! This bassinet would work for years to come with additional children . We have found our friends make comments on how unique and traditional it looks . The rollers make is easy to move around if needed and it rocks softly back and forth to comfort the child . -LRB- Even plays soft music -RRB- After searching for the perfect bassinet , this is the one and only . It comes with the adoreable bedding as well . My husband put it together in a matter of a half hour . We love it !
 We bought this bassinet for my son , and have not been disappointed in our choice ! It is very nice looking solid wood , not cheap looking like so many of the plastic bassinets out there . I love the storage underneath , all my son 's bibs , toys and extra blankets go there and it 's easy to just grab them instead of going back to the nursery all the time . The wheels are great if you need to take baby from room to room , and you can easily use the locking wheel on each end to make sure it does n't roll when you do n't want it to.The only thing I have a slight problem with was already mentioned by another reviewer . . and that 's why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . The rocking locks do n't keep it from rocking a little bit even when both ends are locked . I thought it was my fault that I did n't install them tight enough , but it would be more of a pain the butt to take it back apart again then to just deal with it . It only rocks a teeny tiny bit though . . nothing like the other reviewer who was freaking out that her baby could roll over and suffocate though!Otherwise I highly recommend this bassinet , it looks great , is durable and we are planning on keeping it for our next baby !
 My 7 week old daughter has been sleeping in this bassinet since she came home from the hospital . Even though we live in a small two bedroom condo and she has a crib , the bassinet has been indispensable . We roll it between our bedroom , the nursery , and the living room all day long , and she loves sleeping in it because it 's nice and cozy . I store everything I need for the day/night -LRB- diapers , wipes , toys , clothes , washcloths , bibs , burp clothes -RRB- underneath so I do n't have to keep running into the nursery to get things . We love it so much we 're getting one for my sister-in-law who is due next week with her second child .
 Apart from the cheesy music -LRB- which baby seems to enjoy -RRB- , I can find no fault with this bassinet . I only wish she could stay in it longer . She is approaching 15 pounds and is starting to hit the sides with her hands . The padding around the edges is sufficient and I am not concerned but figure it is time to get her used to a crib in her own room.I have never had a problem with her winding up on her side , although I do have a sleep positioner which I think is recommended for newborns . She has always been able to turn her head from side to side on her own so no chance of her getting stuck in one position.I found this to be very solid , not plasticy . I liked the shelf for storing little toys and accessories . The whole piece seems very roomy to me . The rocking always soothed her back to sleep when she wakes.I definitely recommend this item !!
 I assembled this product by myself without any major problems.Just so you know the instructions are not that great.The pictures of the nuts and bolts do not look similar towhat you get , so it takes some time to figure that out.Once that was done it went together fairly easy . It seems tobe a hard item to find , but here in Illinois almost all the Babies R Us have them in stock.I was missing some parts and when you call for replacementsthey do not have any in stock.I Called the store and they took parts from another box togive to me . Looking forward to using this very much !!!
 I could n't disagree more with the negative reviews on this bassinet . My baby is 3 weeks old and I do n't know what I would do without this bassinet . It is so convienient to just wheel the baby with me into whatever room I am in . It cuts down on a great deal of anxiety -LRB- particulary if you are a first time mom -RRB- I do n't have to worry about not hearing the baby at night because this bassinet fits snuggly next to my side of the bed . All I have to do is scoop her out of it when its time for a feeding . I highly recommend it . Yes , the music is not great but it really does n't matter - it is the utility of the item that counts .
 My Husband and I BROUGHT THIS BASSINET HOME 6 MONTHS AGO and immediately put it together , even though our third child was n't due for a few months yet . This baby was our `` Caboose '' , as our older children are in their late teens . We had used a more traditional bassinet for them -LRB- complete with skirting , lace , and flowing canopy -RRB- . We found this Bassinet after looking many places and at many models . The features that attracted us and convinced us to buy it -LRB- it had the LARGEST SLEEPING AREA of all the BASSINETS we found in stores and on line ; the frame was SOLID WOOD ; the framework for the cradle/bed was constructed of very high quality steel and then painted ; the bed was also covered with beautiful padding and fabric/material ; the bed rocked if you choose or it can be locked in place ; there 's a music player that 's ok ; the storage shelf is amazing ; wheels to roll from room to room and locks to lock them in place -RRB- are the same features that we continue to love today - after several MONTHS of use ! I feel it is also pertinent to mention the design of the BASSINET SHEETS . EDDIE BAUER should be APPLAUDED for paying extra attention to SAFETY to even THIS simple feature . This design makes it literally IMPOSSIBLE for sheets to slip off the mattress . This is n't something new , I made sheets like these for my older children , as did my own Mother . I 've made sheets for this bassinet as well using NEW PILLOWCASES and RESIZING them -LRB- To a width of 15 '' and a length of 28 '' -RRB- with TWO SEAMS , trimming off the excess fabric and adding a velcro closure on the end that has the original hem . As the parents of both older children and a newborn We 've seen a lot of products come and go , and WE FEEL VERY CONFIDENT this bassinet will not only be a SAFE and COMFORTABLE place for our last child , but will be here for our Grandchildren as well .
 My wife insisted on buying this product because it looked really beautiful in the store and wood finish exactly matched other items in our nursery . We ended up having it by our bed all the time ... We store all my daughter 's blankets in the shelf underneath and she has plenty of room inside the bassinet because it is also the biggest of all the bassinets .
 The bassinet is a baby shower gift from my sister . Although my baby shower is not until the end of June , my sister decided to start purchasing items off my registery . This bassinet was the most difficult item to find ... my sister called 4 different babiesrus stores in our area and everyone was sold out of this product . After weeks of waiting , we were finally we were able to locate it . This bassinet is great for a boy or girl . I love the features which include
 The sheets are a problem finding them , so we just used a blanket . As far as the music it was very soothing to our baby and it sounded fine ... we also loved the design , classic . We have packed it away and will be using it for baby # 2 . We liked the storage underneath the bassinet and would recommend it !!!
 My daughter is 3 months old and is no longer using this bassinet , but I have to tell you for the 5 weeks she did , this little bassinet was a blessing ! Although it sounds like a very short time , it was precious time to mom and dad . This bassinet was great to wheel right by the bed and all over the house . When one of us needed a break , out wheeled the baby and mom or dad got sleep . It was also handy to have to put her down and then wheel her into other rooms to sleep close by , while mom checked e-mail , etc. . One other big plus is that it helped us wean her to her crib . As a new nervous mother , I had a hard time sleeping by the baby because every little sound she made I thought it was feeding time or it gave me anxiety . As a result , we wheeled the crib a little further from our bed , slowly down the hall and closer and closer to her room and then at 5 weeks , she transitioned to the big girl crib with no problem . Now sleeping is another story , but that 's just new baby!I did think the mattress was thin , so I bought a standard mattress and sheets , which made it easy.It was n't a perfect fit , but it worked . I will use the bassinet again and highly recommend it for new parents . It 's great to be in ANY part of your home and know that baby is okay . And it was great to still have the baby close by and safe , but not starting the habit of having baby in the bed .
 My online reviews are pure and simple , it 's to help parentes decide , the same way it helped me before . Actually , I did my baby registry based on customer reviews , 99 % satisfied . Check out my other reviews . This bassinet is the best out there , safe . My daughter slept very good until she turned 6 months . Good luck
 This is by far one of the few bassinets that looks great in any room . However , here are some of the flaws . The music and the sound is absolutely terrible , which for me , was not really a problem as we had the ` tiny love ' mobile with its own classical music -LRB- my husband was able to actually attach the mobile to the bassinet -RRB- . The bassinet does not have its own automatic rocking functionality ... you have to rock it on your own . When locked , it is not perfectly still and rocks a bit no big deal . Here is a real issue - to change the bedding , you have to literally take the bassinet apart -LRB- the top part -RRB- . This was a shock to me as I wanted to change the betting at least every 2 weeks and it was a pain to keep taking the bassinet apart . The mattress is very thin , and I believe that 's why my daughter now has a flattened head -LRB- this did not happen to my son , who was never in the bassinet and slept in the crib -RRB- . I did turn my daughter from side to side but she still has a flattened skull :-LRB- She is not 5 months old and still fits in the bassinet -LRB- she is about 20 lbs now and is 27 inches high -RRB- . With all the flaws , the crib seems very sterdy and I love the way it looks . I actually hat to let it go but have to transfer my daughter to a reguular crib :-RRB- So , if you do not mind all the ` flaws ' above , then this crib is a good investment .
 I fell in love with the look of this product the first time I saw it ! My son slept in it next to my bed until he was over 6 months old . I never had and problems with it . I could use the shelf underneath the keep an extra blanket or diapers . One of the best things was during the day I could bring it into the living room for him to sleep out there and put it back next to the bed at night ! When he fussed I was right there to see what he needed and did n't have to get out of bed if it was n't necessary . It was so easy to move ; he was safe , and comfortable in his little bed .
 We bought this bassinet for our baby boy . It is very easy to move from room to room , and I love the storage underneath . I did find the mattress pad too thin , but purchased a thicker one along with sheets to fit nicely . Caution on the locking of the bassinet - it does n't seem very secure , but all in all I really love this bassinet and am looking forward to using it for our second child .
 We love this gate . Very easy to install , very safe and secure , and love the fact that it closes by itself . You do have to let it swing back so it latches closed which causes it to slam shut or you can guide it slowly by hand and latch it quietly . Wish the price was a little cheaper , seeing we had to get extensions for both gates but worth the price for peace of mind . Also wish they did a better job explaining what size would be best . Perhaps , a calculator on their site where you can put in what your measurements are and they recommend the right fit . We came way too close on one of the gates because they do n't take into account the space needed for the additional screw on pieces . Should have probably gotten a smaller extension but it worked . Anyhoo , just my input . Be sure to measure several times .
 Love this gate . Love the swing close feature , as I 'm always forgetting to close the other -LRB- annoying -RRB- gate that I own -LRB- KidCo -RRB- . This gate feels substantial , and it 's easy to assemble and easy to use . Very happy with this purchase , and just returned to purchase another for the basement . Highly recommend !
 I love these gates ! The door swings easily and when you purchase the extensions can fit almost anywhere . It 's great that it swings both ways and closes by itself . Easy to use even when holding my daughter . I am purchasing more !
 I think this is a great safety gate , especially for the price.We bought this for the nursery , so we can leave the door open but keep the dogs out of the room . The gate installs really easily -- it took my husband a few minutes max -- and it looks better than some safety gates . The auto-close feature is a good idea for a safety gate , but it would be nice if you could disable it somehow . It does get annoying if I am just running in and out of the nursery and do n't want it to close behind me.My biggest complaint , however , is the thumb latch that opens the gate . It 's not the easiest to use . You have to slide it back and pull upwards at the same time , which is not impossible , but sometimes it feels ` stuck ' and you have to do the motion again . It is not a huge deal , but it does get annoying.Even with those complaints , I still would recommend this gate -- especially if you are going to use it for a room or doorway that you do n't go in and out of very often .
 I read a lot of reviews before settling on this gate for the bottom of our stairs to keep our toddler from climbing up . It did n't disappoint ! It 's easy to use for adults but impossible for small children to open . My 3 year old only figured it out after I specifically showed him how it worked . It 's also sturdy , as my 32 lb 2 year old can shake it all he wants and it wo n't budge . I bought it with a banister adapter to use on one of the 4 pressure points and it works like a charm . I did drill one hole into the wall for 1 of the pressure points , but only used the adhesive for the last 2 point against the bottom portion of the banister and baseboard and it still held strong.It 's highly unlikely that you wo n't need to buy any extensions since the gate itself is quite narrow , but it is still sturdy with them in place . I love how it closes on its own so I can just walk through and not have to stop to close it , as well as not having to worry about our older child forgetting to close it behind him . There is a bottom bar that does not open and rests against the surface you put it on , but we found if the gate was placed on the ground in front of the first step we never noticed it . It 's also a bonus how easy it is to put up or take down in a pinch because it 's only pressure mounted . In our case , when we had the house on the market we could easily take it down for showings and only the little cup drilled into the wall was visible.I would definitely recommend this gate !
 This is a very nice and well made gate . It is very easy to put up and the gate swing is easy to live with . I use this gate for my dogs and I really like that it is hard for them to jump up on but even when they do it is stong enough to keep them . I also got 2 extensions and they work very well , This was a breeze .
 This gate is great and it was very easy to install -LRB- I was a little worried because it looked like it would be a lot harder -RRB- . I liked that it could be pressure mounted since we rent and would like to decrease the amount of holes we put into the walls . The only complaint I have is that the latch seems to stick so it can be a little tricky to open at times .
 We ordered this gate after doing some online research . It came with a instructional DVD , and written instructions . The gate went into place fairly easily . After a few yanks with my 3 yr old nephew , he pulled it down on himself . Of course , he is strong , but still ... the cups for tension are not holding quite as well as we had hoped . We thought it also came with a wall mount , but it only includes the tension mounting . My dad is planning on drilling it into the frame of the door . Our home is at least 40 years old , and the door has seen better days . The top moves , but the bottom does not at all , which leaves me to believe that a lot of it is the frame . The gate does swing both ways easily , and the latch holds no matter how hard it is tugged upon ! The top latch and gravity door return make it a very useful item , especially since my cat can jump over it ; but our biggest Lab can not . My cat is enjoying the security and freedom the gate affords , a good buy for the money ! Very pleased with it .
 Great gate ! We bought three gates in all , and this was one of the easiest to install . You do n't have to screw it into the wall if you do n't want . It 's just by tension . It 's been up for about two months , and it 's held up great .
 I bought this for my 16 month old baby . They are very easy to mount , nice auto close , Well built . Pretty strong . Buy it . My baby is strong enough and she hangs on to it , kicks it but no use , She could never open . For now , i like it . My stairways are 43 '' and i could not find a perfect suitable gate . This one matched my criteria . Perfectly fitted .
 We have three very active kids . A two year old , a four year old -LRB- barely turned 4 -RRB- and a 10 month old baby . We simply needed this gate to keep the baby from falling down the stairs . We wanted something that would allow the older kids to still open it though . I was a little nervous after reading a review by one lady that her 5 year old could n't operate the gate , but we had to get something . However , after getting the gate and installing it -LRB- in a matter of minutes , my husband is very handy with stuff like that -RRB- we were able to teach my 4 year old how to open the gate that very same evening . I think it took him about 5 or 6 tries with us helping him and then he `` practiced '' all night of course . Luckily the baby was already asleep for the evening so the timing was perfect . Our 2 year old has not however figured out how to operate the gate -LRB- which is surprising since he is Houdini -RRB- , but since it is intended to keep his size out of places really that makes sense . Luckily he pretty much follows the 4 year old everywhere so that has n't been an issue . I love that it closes automatically , because teaching my kid to open the gate is one thing , teaching him to close it every time ... well , that 's another . Also , the fact that this gate swings both ways is brilliant . We love , love , love it . No more stacking stools and other dangerous/creative and ugly ways to keep the baby off of the stairs . I do wish it had some sort of locking mechanism to keep the door open when the baby was sleeping , but as my husband pointed out , that would probably wear out the auto-close spring . So , all in all , this is a GREAT gate and I would recommend it to anyone I know .
 My daughter bought one and I was going to use the wood pressure gate . I got fed up with the wood gate and bought me one of these . I would ' t bother with cheaper gates I 'm sure these will last forever .
 We 've purchased two of these gates , although our other one is called a bindaboo , which is identical to this gate , but just rebranded for unknown reasons . It 's easy to set up , and we used only the friction mount setup instead of mouting the cups . The only thing that would be nice is a way to override the auto close feature . After the baby goes down for nap or for sleep , the adults still have to open the gate every time we go thru . I 've done this with a bungy cord , and it works pretty well .
 We needed a gate for the bottom of our steps so that the puppy could n't go upstairs whenever she wants . The gate was super easy to install without even looking at the manual.The gate is sturdy and looks good . The one side goes right against the wall . However the other side goes against the railing . The top tension bar does not reach the spoke of the railing so right now we have some wood pieces in between . This makes it a little less stable but the 50 lb puppy does n't knock it over when she jumps up!I order the 3.5 extension so I am hoping that that solves the problem -LRB- though I have a feeling it will be too big -RRB- . All in all - I will keep it up even if I have to continue to use the wooden pieces.I will definitely buy more of these when I need them for kids !
 I ordered this gate and 2 large extensions for the almost 76 '' opening between my kitchen and Living room to keep my dogs out of the livingroom and my kids in the livingroom lol It works great I love that it swings in both directions so when my older daughter does need to go through shes not trying to force it in the wrong direction ! I didnt have to use the mounting cups or double sided tape to keep it in place because the ends have a texturized rubber on them and it seems to have kept the gate in place just fine even with both of my kids hanging on it all the time and shaking it and the dogs jumping up on it ! I thought it was simple to put up and has made my life sooo much easier ! I would def recommend this gate to anyone having trouble finding a gate large enough for their needs ! Also its a pressure gate keep that in mind when you take it out of the box and see the bar around the gate is bent at an angle its not broke you just have to twist the ends till there is enough pressure to straighten it and make it meet with the gate thats how you know its installed correctly . -LRB- if you have n't owned a pressure gate before that probably wont make sense until you get it home -RRB-
 I purchased a dreambaby gate a few years ago for my hallway to seperate my two cats from my small dogs . There 's a lot of walk traffic in this hallway and the gate gets a lot of use . It 's held up very well . It 's well worth it and it looks nice . I wish I had access to a walk-through gate like this when my children were small .
 We needed a 28 '' gate for our main floor bathroom doorway . We keep our three dogs in there while we 're at work , or if we 're away for the dog sitters to have easy access . Works so easy . Better than keeping them penned up in a crate , they have room to stretch out , walk around and play .
 It works great and the gate came in like 4 days early ! Even my 3 year old girl can open it and grandmother can also .
 Bought this to keep the dogs out of the dining room . It looks great and works beautifully . Be sure to follow the installation instructions exactly though so that the latch lines-up properly .
 We got this gate for the bottom of our stairs and it is perfect ! It is sturdy and was easy to install . We also got the Y-shaped gate adaptors because we have a banister on one side with small spindles .
 We just moved to a new house and needed a gate so our older cat would n't try to escape out the front door . We bought 2 gates and really like them both . This gate swings either way and closes behind you . It was a snap to install and we did not attach the cups to the wall . It has been a great product and I 'm very pleased .
 I purchased this gate for the top of my stairway about 6 months ago and it has worked great . I was concerned about tripping over the bottom bar , but even being the klutz that I am , I 've only stubbed my toe on it a couple times . It would be nice if it had bracket to mount to the adjacent wall to hold it open when needed , but I really like the swing close feature and that you can close it softly so that it does n't actually latch if you do n't want it to . The latch is easy to use , but not easy for a child to figure out . Overall , it has done its job to keep my kids safe at the stairway .
 This gate looks nice and appears to be constucted well . I didnt realize I would need the extensions , so now I have to wait to get those before I use it .
 We bought the gate and two extensions as a wall to keep children out of a section of the house ! My wife easily put it up herself with the use of a screwdriver .
 Or in my case , dog gate . Easy to install , can be permanent or movable , works great , handy one-hand operation with locking , and no cross bars that the dogs -LRB- or an enterprising toddler -RRB- can climb over ! Have 3 of these , planning on at least two more !
 We bought this as a play mat for our new baby ... but her big sister loved it so much that she &#34; borrowed &#34; it before her sister was born and has not slept without it since -LRB- almost 6 months ago -RRB- . Highly recommend and will probably buy another .
 I was very pleased when we received the throw . We use it for the baby in the crib and lying on the couch . Great quality .
 This is a superb shorn sheepskin ! Perfect for the 7 month old baby in our family . I gave one to my other grandchild when she was born and she still uses it now at two and a half .
 So soft and my baby loves being on . I have n't found she sleeps any longer on it but its a great play time mat for tummy time etc. . .
 The title says it all . Image the comfort of waking up on a puffy cloud , feeling the softness of sheepskin fibers as they caresses your entire body . You feel safe , you feel like you are on cloud 9 . What parent , after laying on their own sheepskin comforter , would not want their newborn , infant , toddler child , teenager , young adult , older adult , parent , grandparent , aunt , uncle , cousin , nephew , niece , best friend , ... well you get the picture , to enjoy that wonderful feeling while they sleep . The extra benefits from sheepskin
 Best puchase I ever made for a baby in winter time.First time I bought this lamb skin 20 years ago in Germany.In this country people use succesfuly for their babies.There is no stroler in winter without It.This in like a natural hiter for a baby ... for a litle body ... I love this item .
 This is our 4th lamby from Bowron . LOVE them . And so have our babies , niece and nephew . Great price and shipped quickly . Could n't be happier !
 I really love my sheepskin blanket . My son has been using it since he was born and is now 6 weeks old . He loves to rub his face in it and grab onto the fibers . However , it is not easy to clean and has very specific instructions . Unless you are willing to do some extra work to keep it up , it 's not a very worthwhile buy . If you are willing to do the work , it 's a fantastic blanket !!
 This was a hit for a friend of mine at her baby shower.She loved it . It 's unique and just so soft .
 We bought this item in a rough sleep spell when our daughter was 7 months old . Admittingly did n't solve our sleep problems but our daughter fell in love . She 's now 18 months old and ` sheepie ' is a treasure -LRB- and yes , she is finally sleeping through the night ! -RRB- . Sleeps on it every night , often chills on it during the day . I wanted her to love it but am secretly scared she will soon insist on carting it around wherever we go . Not the most convenient ` blankie ' as it 's not something you can throw in a diaper bag and it does take a while to dry -LRB- we have washed it a dozen times and it has done great - woolite on gentle cycle , tumble dry low -RRB- - but , she is very fond of it .
 My daughter requested a baby sheepskin for her infant son , so of course I was happy to oblige . Well why not ? She was raised on one . When we were shopping for baby things during her pregnancy she snagged a cheapie at a local baby store . I told her no sheepskin was going to touch my grandbaby 's bottom unless it was made especially for baby , had to be washable and have no nasty chemicals on it from the tanning process and to take it back . She went on a hunt for the right one . We were n't satisfied until we found the Bowron products . We were unsure if we should get shorn or unshorn so we chose the shorn . We found that her son loves it . He sleeps wonderfully on and and we can wash it whenever it needs . We may get the unshorn for a handy carry along later . We were happy with the cost . Do n't let cheap ones fool you , they ca n't be washed and they fall apart and smell . This is a quality product .
 I had previously bout a long hair sheep skin rug but ended up returning it for this one . I like this shorn one much better - Seems safer for the baby.Great quality !
 So soft and cozy ; we 've been laying our daughter on this from the day she was born at home and we all love it . It 's very generously sized .
 I bought the sheepskin for my grandson -LRB- 4 months old -RRB- , and my daughter is very , very happy with it . It was at a good price and arrived in good time . She is happy that it is machine washable . My grandson sleeps on it every night now .
 It is as beautiful as pictured , and twice as soft . All my grandchildren -LRB- 8 right now , with 2 more coming soon -RRB- have spent their first year sleeping on one of these lambskins . Some have become their `` comfort '' blankets as they grow older .
 Was pleased with this rug . It was so soft and cozy.Would purchase another without a problem .
 We bought this for our newborn to practice tummy time . Also bought it for my new nephew 2 months older than ours . Good reports so far and our newborn seems to like it . Hates tummy time but it has nothing to do with the sheepskin.Remember to frequently shake out/beat the rug to manage the dust and hair that accumulates surprisingly quickly .
 love these more than the idea version . the &#34; fur &#34; is so soft and fine . I actually bought this as a bedside rug : -RRB-
 All my 3 children used lambskins . I got this for my grandson and expect him to love it as much as my children did . My son used to drag it around even when he was 5 .
 I bought this for my grandaughter before she arrived . She loves laying on it when she naps or is resting . We are expecting a little sibling this summer and I 'm sure that grandchild will enjoy it too .
 I ordered this for my son 's booster seat in the car.It fits well and stays put and lets him enjoy the warmth on chilly mornings , just like me and my sheepskin seat covers in the front seats .
 Very good for `` after breastfeeding relaxing '' . Our newborn -LRB- 7 days old -RRB- loves it . Good quality , good size . Warm during winter and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- cooling during summer . I am pretty sure that every baby would love it .
 I purchased one of these prior to my son being born last October to be used in his stroller and it has been a great product . It really does work to insulate in the winter and I have used it all summer in Portland Oregon without a problem even on the hottest days of 90 plus degrees . I was so satisfied with it last winter that I purchased another one for an area rug to be used primarily for tactile purposed and he really enjoyed it . I am hoping to find one of similar quality as a mattress pad for his crib this winter as well . I preferred this version for my stroller because it had better coverage then the one they sell for strollers and I just cut holes where it was necessary . I should also add that the rug is easy to wash with wool cleaner on delicate cycle and it does n't shed which is great because my son Christian likes to pull and suck on everything .
 Length :
 I am an Australian and my parents are New Zealanders . They sent me one of these for my first child , she is now 2 and still lies on it in her bed and stroller . Then I ordered myself another one for my son now 6 months old . I live in the US now and order them for any friend having a baby . I simply throw mine in the washing machine and then fluff air dry it.I HIGHLY recommend this .
 I bought one of these for my third child and I wish I would have had it with all three !! It is well worth the money.My daughter has slept on it since she came home from the hospital and continues to now at 11 months . She sleeps better and it is a comfort to her . She recognizes it and smiles and lays on it even if we put it on the floor . If you have ever felt one , you know why . I want one !! It feels great , offers comfort and security , is easy to care for , and is portable ! I am giving them for gifts now . A great find .
 The lambskin is the ultimate multitasker
 This item was purchased off my Baby Registry at Amazon and sold via Serendipity Shopper and the whole experience was wonderful . The package arrived promptly and the shorn sheepskin was exactly as I had envisioned . We machined washed -LRB- with enzyme free baby shampoo -RRB- and dried it and it retained it 's lovely lamb 's wool texture . It is soft and warm and we use it as a base layer between the bassinet mattress and sheets and our son sleeps very well with the extra cushioning it gives . Carol at Serendipity Shopper was fantastic and helped us sort out a little problem we had with too many of our friends buying this for us -LRB- without using the registry link ! -RRB- and all in all we are so happy with the end result .
 In regard to what some have posted about toxins in sheepskins -- this Bowron product is safe . See below.From
 I purchase these frequently to give as a baby shower gift due to a friend getting one and her newborn loving it . Recently had a baby of my own and I recieved one as a gift . My little boy loves the feel on his skin as he lays on the belly for some Tummy Time . They wash well , are easy to care for and is great for not only cold climates -LRB- which is an assumption on my part -RRB- but also great for warm environments -- it keeps him cool -- which is surprising to me . Super soft -- my husband keeps telling me that we need to buy one big enough for him and Tummy Time . :
 I am thrilled with this purchase . It seems like a very high quality item and has very soft pile , about 1.25 '' thick . Baby loves it and just seems so comfortable on it . I primarily use it during playtime , when he 's awake . Before he could roll over I also used it for naptime as well , but now that he 's older I 'm just using it when he 's awake -LRB- since research/recommendations are mixed , due to potential risk of baby rolling over and rebreathing air in the sheepskin . . and I just did n't feel comfortable taking the risk -RRB- . Still very worthwhile - provides a great surface for play , and also for changing clothing , etc. . Baby can definitely go longer periods of time playing on his own without fussing when lying on this sheepskin.Note that because these items are one-of-a-kind -LRB- actual animal skins -RRB- , the shape , color , density , and quality can vary quite a lot from skin to skin . Due to price drops , I ended up buying this item three different times , and some of the skins were a lot thicker/plusher than others . I was really glad in the end that I ordered multiple items because I was able to keep the best one and return the others . I 'm sure the seller will hate me for recommending that , but if the item your receive does not live up to your expectations based on the other reviews , you might be happy if you were to reorder.PS
 I purchased this chair more than 2 months ago and we use it a minimum of 15min twice a day -LRB- so 30min total at the minimum -RRB- to rock my 20months old son -LRB- who is about 33 lbs -RRB- . I rock my son for nap and my husband rocvks him for bedtime . My husband is 220lbs plus my son 33 , that is more than 250lbs on that chair . It is still in perfect condition . We have not had to fix/screw anything since we have assembled it two months ago.A reviewer mentioned she had to sand a piece . Indeed it was kind of hard to have the arm rest piece fit into the seat . According to the instructions , you first have to put the arm rest into the back of the chair and then put the whole thing into the seat . It did not work this way because of the way the arm rests are built . so I did not follow the instructions exactly and I first put the arm rest in to the seat , and then I put the back of the chair onto the seat and tried to have everything fit together . I must say I had to push hard but in the end I did it and everything is in place and I havent sanded any piece.It looks great in my son 's room -LRB- much nicer than a glider I think , it gives a more traditional look ! -RRB- Also , regarding the reviewer saying it is not very comfortable , I think this is not true . of course this is a wooden chair so it ca n't be comfortable as a glider which is made of soft fabric . I use the seat pillow of the Brentwood Haitian rocker set -LSB- ... -RSB- and it is now much better for sitting long period of times . It is a bit slippery if you dont use a pillow underneath.And I use the white Medela nursing stool -LSB- ... -RSB- as well , it is necessary if your feet dont touch the floor and if you want to be comfortbale while rocking your baby . -RSB- Update March 2012
 I bought this chair for my 2 year old 's room b/c we were expecting a new baby & I needed the nice glider to come out of her room . I put it together by myself at 9 months pregnant , so that part was pretty easy . It 's not super comfortable , but works ok for the limited use we will use it for .
 I agree with M. Crawford , it 's not very comfortable but it does the job . Unfortunately two pieces that it came with for assembling would not fit in the holes so my husband had to sand them down . I have to say though it is a very good deal , in stores this item is easily over $ 150 . I purchased a pinky minky chenille rocking chair cushion from -LSB- ... -RSB- and it made this chair much more comfortable .
 I bought this rocker as a gift for my daughter and her husband , who are parents of new triplets . Their nursery is quite small , and they needed a rocker that would fit the space and complement the decor of the room . This rocker fit the bill quite well . A chair with longer rockers at the base would provide more rocking motion , but this one is perfect for the space that they had . It is very sturdy , was well packaged , and the assembly was quite straightforward and the instructions easy to follow .
 This chair was very easy to put together and looks great in my daughter 's room . It seems very durable and is comfortable to sit in .
 KidKraft Adult Rocking Chair-NaturalNice , sturdy chair . Took a long time to get here , white not available , switched to natural .
 Bought this chair to match one I purchased when I was expecting my first child - over 34 years ago . It looked to be the best match to sit beside the original one on my front porch . My husband put it together with almost no problems except for one factory installed screw that was stripped.He quickly replaced that screw with one he had . The chair itself is wonderful ! It 's comfortable , rocks smoothly , and has a great , smooth finish on it . So very happy I purchased it . Will probably buy one or two more when my children have children of their own .
 Plan to buy something for your bottom , but expect a good value for your money with this chair . Paint is not perfect , but it is quite good .
 I love the color I got and it fit perfectly . Nice texture to it and easy to wash . Great product . Looses a star for the price though .
 After searching and searching for the perfect comforter set I finally found it . I was looking for a comforter set for my new granddaughters mini crib and this is it . It is a perfect fit ! Looks Beautiful against the cherry crib . The same set sold for $ 100.00 more than what I paid from this site . I 'm more than pleased with this item ... . You have to purchase yourself to see .
 This sheet has been washed and spit up on many times . It has stood the tests of the washing machine a few too many times and has n't even faded . Excellent product overall . : -RRB-
 Secure gate with good design ! Works well for my Yorkie puppy , who manages to escape from other gates ! I 've tried several others , which were more expensive , but this one surpasses all of them !
 My little dachsund chewed through the first gate I purchased at the pet store . Imagine my surprise to find her after only one day waiting by the door for me after work . I was determined to find something to keep her where she needed to be during the work day . I read the reviews for quite a few baby / pet gates and kept coming back to this one . I can honestly say I am very pleased with this gate . The plastic does n't allow a place for my little one to sink her teeth into so after a few attempts to move a non moving gate , she calms down . I would highly recommend this gate for anyone with small animals . Just the right size fit for my door with pressure fitting , rather than having to drill holes for something I hope will only be temporary . Excellent product .
 I purchased this gate as an inexpensive solution to block the hallway to our bedrooms when needed.We have a small dog who gets anxiety attacks now and then and a day sleeper in the house.Our dog often trots down the hall and barks at the sleeper to alert him to whatever has `` spooked '' her at the moment.Our dog only gets like this from time to time so I wanted something that could easily be setup when needed.The gate is lightweight and easy to store nearby which is a big plus.I 've stashed ours alongside the refrigerator so it 's out of sight but easy to grab.I like the see-through panels on the gate and the fact that they are solid rather than some sort of net or mesh.My biggest complaint is that it 's difficult , if not impossible to get a secure fit , no matter which notch I choose when setting it up.Why do n't these manufacturers use springs on the posts so they would fit securely like spring loaded curtain rods?Overall , I 'm pleased with the gate because it 's lightweight and very portable , but wish it was more stable when in place .
 This gate was only $ 17 and helos keep my new puppy safely enclosed in my kitchen . And is strong enough to keep my 20 lb . dog out of the kitchen .
 This gate is perfect for keeping ferrets out of certain rooms . It goes up easily and they are unable to climb it , yet do n't feel blocked out b/c it 's translucent . They are funny like that :-RRB- It 's also an easy height to get over for us humans . heheI am thankful to have these , a good 5 ! I have also taken a few to other people 's houses where we have play dates . I hope these gates never disappear .
 Quick and easy to put up and take down -LRB- though the instructions are terrible , you need to figure it out yourself and once you do it is very straight-forward -RRB- , low enough to easily step over . I wish it had adjustable pads to account for baseboards .
 This gate is the best that can be purchased for use with a new puppy . Great product and does a very good job when used corrrectly . This is a very good product and it is sold at a very good price .
 I 've been reading the Amazon gate reviews for a week , trying to find a pressure-mounted baby gate that does n't fall apart , fall down , make loud noises , permit climbing , or induce injuries . But for every gate , at least one or two people make those complaints -- so frustrating ! I finally picked up this gate at a store because it looked un-climbable , had plenty of notches for sizing it to my doorway , and was cheap -LRB- $ 17 with a coupon -RRB- . It works fine in my 30 '' door
 this gate stays in place so well . My baby shakes the gate and it does n't move .
 This is a simple cheap barrier that works great for a puppy . It is a little tricky to set up so it works better as a semi-permanent barrier . It is low enough to easily step over , but this means that the puppy will eventually be able to jump it . I will add another barrier on top of the first when he learns to jump .
 I used this for my min poodle while I was at work to keep him on the linoleum just in case he had an accident and it worked great !
 Just to be clear , I have a 6 lbs puppy who probably wo n't get much bigger than 10 lbs in the end . When I got her she was 2lbs , just to give a idea of what size dog I have.Since my puppy is so small , the usual baby gates do n't work for her , she can just squeeze her little behind through the bars . And the other baby gates that have the little holes , I was too afraid she 's get something stuck in them since she 's so small . This was the perfect thing , and for $ 20 bucks , I ended up buying another two , one to send off to my dad 's for when he 's watching her and another for another part of the house.I use the second one with a plastic trash can to make up the width difference for my kitchen 's door way -LRB- the gate is n't wide enough -RRB- and it pressure mounted enough so that my little one ca n't knock it down.One thing though - make sure to figure out what length you have to put your gate to , it is made of wood and since it 's pressure mounted , you can easily break it if you are n't careful .
 This gate has worked perfectly for my small chihuahuas , one of whom likes to fight the occasional necessity for containment . I would n't want her to get her paw stuck , or a nail stuck on a wire or plastic grated fence . Also this prevents her from chewing on an open fence . Very strong and works perfect for my needs .
 This is a great little pressure mounted gate . It 's attractive and simple to use and move around . Big enough to span a wide opening into my kitchen and shrinks to fit a standard doorway with little adjustment time . It 's short enough to step over -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- but it 's also short enough for my dachshund mix puppy to jump or climb over . If you 're using for small children or dogs who are less crafty at escape this would be a great purchse . I 'm going to keep it as it 's at least slowing down my puppy in her attempt to eat all of the cat 's food : -RRB-
 I bought two of these to keep our little one out of certain areas and away from the stairs . They work well and I really like that the entire thing is solid so he ca n't get his fingers or arms stuck in it . We 've been using them for a few months and they seem sturdy . The only drawback is we 've found is that it wo n't mount securely to uneven walls . That 's more the fault of the wall than the item itself , so I did n't deduct a star . This is a good gate in my opinion .
 I love this gate because I can block in our out my small dogs and not worry about them.I have one dog that will climb on plastic mesh and metal cage barriers , and half of the time she will misstep and her leg will get caught in the mesh/cage and be left dangling -- very dangerous.While there are many gates that would have been safe for my dog , all of them required that hardware be installed into the wall . Since I rent , I try to avoid making holes in the walls whenever possible . As this gate is pressure mounted , I do not have to worry about that issue at all.When I found this gate , for its very reasonable price , I bought 2 . It works wonderfully , the dogs can not climb it , but it lets light pass through the plastic . It also comes in Extra Tall , for the larger , taller , or more powerful jumpers . -LRB- North States Extra Tall Clear Choice Wood Gate - Pressure Mount -RRB- I would recommend this gate to anyone with pets who have aspirations of climbing their way to freedom .
 I got a couple of these to corral my new puppy in the kitchen area of our house . They work great for that . However , I am 5 ' 7 '' , not short , and sometimes it can be difficult to step over the gate . -LRB- They are easy to remove and replace as needed -RRB- If they were a couple inches shorter they 'd be perfect . That aside , this is a great , inexpensive solution to a common problem.Edit to add
 I just got my gate today and could not be more pleased ! I am using it to keep a rabbit contained , not a child , but it works perfectly because there are n't any plastic or mesh holes she can chew through . It seems very sturdy , and I love that it lets light through - somehow it makes the room look more `` open '' than my last opaque gate did . It is short enough that I can step over it without having to move it every time I want to enter the room , but tall enough the rabbit ca n't possibly climb over -LRB- especially since the solid surface does n't allow for any `` toe holds '' -RRB- . All baby gates should be made this way !
 This has been the only gate that has been effective in keeping my ferrets in or out of a room ! The solid plastic panels keep crafty ferrets from climbing over it and does not leave enough space under it or on the sides for them to squeeze through . Would definitely reccomend for frustrated ferret parents !
 I use this gate to keep my very active , very determined one year old granddaughter out of the boo-booville kitchen while I babysit her during the day . When she goes home at night , the gate comes down then goes up the next day with minimal effort and no damage to the wood door sills.Very useful and very affordable .
 Cause my ferret sure does n't anymore after destroying his dreams with this gate ! Seriously though this gate works great for keeping ferrets in or sectioned .
 Based on other reviews , I was very wary when purchasing this product , but when I received it , the gate was a pleasant surprise . For how much it cost , I thought the gate was really well made and fairly attractive -LRB- obviously I 'm grading on a sliding scale helped largely by this gate 's low price -RRB- . When trying to install it , however , I ran into the same problem that many other reviewers did . My door was a width too small for one of the size settings and too large for the next one . That means in practice , the gate either wo n't stay in at all , or it becomes so tight that you ca n't lock it without seriously damaging the frame . This problem happens because the peg settings happen about every half inch -LRB- the resolution of the setting is too low -RRB- and because the side cushions are so high in durometer -LRB- think like a shoe sole instead of a raquetball -RRB- that they do n't ` give ' and squish enough to make up for the lack in resolution.Fortunately , you can easily remedy this by stacking cheap felt floor protectors -LRB- the ones you put on the bottoms of furniture to prevent furniture from scratching a hardwood floor -RRB- on the cushions . This will allow you to ` adjust ' the size to exactly how you need it while also increasing the ` give ' of the cushions as the gate tries to expand into the doorway . Once I ` tuned ' the width of gate , it worked perfectly!So ... in conclusion , you might have to tweak this if you buy it . But if you 're willing to do that , I think this is a really good product for the money .
 We used the door in the kitchen to block the dog . It is easily adjustable , so we can also use in other places in the house . I am satisfied with the purchase .
 Excellent gate . Solid construction . Works well . Made in U.S.A. Shipped quickly . Packaged very well . Pleased with the company and its product , as well as its service .
 I bought this to block my dog out of a specific room . It 's a great tool , but my only problem is that the rubber on the sides -LRB- to hold it still to the walls -RRB- when I remove the guard , it leaves a ring spot . It 's not too big of a deal , since my walls are white , but it 's something to be conscious of .
 I picked two of these up for my ferrets . At first I thought it was flimsy but realized quickly I was n't using it properly . Once stuck in the doorway properly it was VERY stable . One of my ferrets is already chewing up the visible plastic on the sides . I 'm not sure if it 's good enough for dogs , but make sure you put it on properly . If it does n't feel stable it probably is n't on right .
 This gate is a good product for the price , and makes a very adequate pet gate for all but the most determined dogs . It is low enough for a person to step over without too much difficulty , although this may also hold true for cats and larger dogs , who can easily jump over it . My only gripe about it is that the wooden slots that are used to adjust the gate width sometimes prevent an exact , tight fit in an individual doorway . This is particularly noticeable in an old house like mine , where the door openings are often less than square . But all in all , it works for me , and I would recommend it to anyone as an inexpensive pet or baby gate .
 Great product . Low price and fast , free shipping sold me . Keeps my cats away from the front door and escaping .
 The gate works great and is so pretty , I did not expect it to look so nice , and you can see through the inserts . Great . I am very happy with it .
 You ca n't beat the price . It shipped very quickly . The reviews that I read before purchasing were correct . It may not fit snuggly in every doorway but it was tight enough to do the job . We have an older home and the walls and doorways are not very even but it works ! One side fits better than the other but we have had no problems with it . It is a little bit bothersome to have to step over it but it 's worth it .
 I live an apartment and used to give my 2 ferrets free access to the hallway and front door . However it got annoying having to sneak into my room or the bathroom so they would n't join me and both of them decided that the front door was their favorite outside of the cage bathroom . After looking over reviews , I decided to give this a chance for both its affordability and effectiveness with even the most sneaky ferrets.Once I got the gate , I found that the hallway that I intended to block was on the last setting of the gate . On the max distance there is about a 1 '' gap in between the two panels . However , even my small ferret -LRB- 1.15 lb female -RRB- could n't make it through the gap . There is n't a ton of pressure on the gate and I have already knocked it off once when I tripped on it while stepping over but my furries ca n't budge it . The opening I have it in is probably larger then most hallways since it goes from the front door to the living room . I think on a standard hallway it would n't have the gap.If your opening is close to the 42 '' max width and you have small pets then they may get through the gap . This is a perfect gate for any animal larger then the smallest ferret .
 I have 2 ferrets , and I wanted to keep them from going into the carpeted television room . I 've bought other baby gates , but they found ways to climb them and get out . I purchased the supergate , and it works awesome ! Not only can they not get passed it , but I can see them through the gate and keep an eye on them . Its great for small animals , even puppies . I recommend it to anyone who has a small animal . Great gate !
 I was looking for a gate to keep my ferrets out of a certain part of my house . This works well to keep them contained on the sheer side . The stoppers on the sides are pretty small and if you have large molding that may be a problem . I easily fixed this by putting on thicker stoppers that go on chair legs.I 've had this gate for months and it has held up perfectly.Shipping was also good.I 'm happy with this purchase and would work for babies , dogs , and other creatures.Edit
 Works for what it 's made to dowould give 5 stars exceptWhenever you lift the rail to close it all the way sometimes it comes open too far and gets to be quite annoying to get back in placeWish they had lock set up so it ca n't open too much like this and become stuck in the wrong position so that you ca n't open it with out fidgeting with it for a while .
 Originally I accidentally ordered the Supergate Clear Choice XT . Being my first ever Amazon buy , I wa n't fully aware of what I was doing and did not know that it was the `` Extra Tall '' version . When this gate arrived at my house , it was damaged beyond use . The wood was torn apart , because of the way the gate was poorly wrapped I 'm assuming the gate broke during delivery.I then fallowed Amazon 's instructions to return the packaged . Very pleased with the easy-to-do process , I got the package shipped back and this gate ordered in about 30 minutes total.I received the Supergate Clear Choice Wood Pressure Mount Gate in about 8 business days . This product is great to keep my ferrets enclosed in my bedroom ! My very sly ferrets are unable to find a way over this gate . . when my door is open all the way . Whenever I have their littler box behind the door , the door is set to about an 70 degree angle . My boy ferret figured out he can wedge himself in between the door and gate and push off on the gate to scale up the door/gate . He is very clever.Overall , I am very pleased with this gate !!
 I had been searching for a way to keep the fuzzies out of the living room and this gate is perfect , we have 3 and none of them have figured it out yet . I would imagine if you have a jumper they may be able to get over -LRB- if that was the case I would order the taller one -RRB- , but for me works perfectly . I agree with other reviews if it is not fitting snug you are not installing correctly !! It fits perfectly in my doorway . It has been about 2 weeks and I ca n't say enough , very inexpensive -LRB- considering we are using a home made plexiglass barricade on the other door way , the plexiglass itself was over $ 30.00 and then we had to buy hardware to mount as well -RRB- !! Love love love this gate !!!
 We purchased this to go with the Sorelle combo crib . I had some reservations based on the low price , 120 dollars , but it arrived fully assembled and made of good solid quality wood from Brazil . It looks great and is a fantastic bargain at 120 versus 400 dollars . I would definitely recommend it at this price and it 's color exactly matches the Sorelle crib . Great purchase !!
 The dresser fits our needs perfectly . It was delivered intact without any problems . My only concern is that the wood is very soft and easily scratched . I will invest in coverup markers ! It is perfect for the nursery .
 I was impressed with the quality of this dresser . it was delivered -LRB- free -RRB- fully assembled . very heavy , made with real wood . drawers slide beautifully .
 I ordered two of these for my room . They are considered to be nursery furniture but work well in any room . Very solid and heavy with metal rails . Only problem was with the company they use for delivery . Took many phone calls for them to even find my order , and once they did , they scheduled a delivery and did n't show . I called again and they said they had no record of me . They conveniently said they were supposed to deliver the next day , as if I was mistaken . I was not available that day so I know I did n't schedule the delivery that day . After reading reviews , it sounds like I was lucky to get the dressers only a week late , rather than months like some people reported . I love the dressers and would recommend them , but the company delivering them were a bit of a hassle .
 My dresser just arrived and came fully assembled which was so nice ! It 's made of sturdy wood and matched the color of a crib of another brand in espresso as well . We 're using it as a changing table as well and the height is perfect once you get a changing pad on top . Thanks for a great product !!
 This chest is just beautiful . We bought it for our new granddaughter who is due any day . It is also the perfect height to add a changing pad on the top . And it will be perfect for Chloe as she grows . We love it !
 I have recently purchased this stroller after doing a lot of research . I wanted one that was sturdy enough but lightweight and compact and I wanted to have one that reclines so my daughter can sleep in it -LRB- it reclines almost fully -RRB- . I love this stroller and so does my 2 year old daughter -LRB- to the point that she even wants to stay in it in the house :-RRB- -RRB- . The basket is big enough but only accessible from the front or sides but I can live with that . It rides very smooth and easy to maneuver . I can easily turn it with one hand especially when there are doors to open and it fits in small elevators too . It even has a little zipper pocket perfect for cell phone , wallet , keys and you can fit even a diaper and wipes if you do n't need a whole bunch and do n't want to take a diaper bag along . Also the part where the legs are can be raised so when they sleep the feet could be up and not dangling . It weights somewhere between 13 to 15 lbs -LRB- I was looking for the weight and could n't find it anywhere so I called and they told me it was 13 lbs but when it shipped it was 17 lbs -LRB- including the packaging -RRB- so I 'm guessing is somewhere around the 13-15 lbs range -RRB- I highly recommend this stroller . It 's well worth the money!Update
 I decided to buy this stroller because umbrella strollers are easier to handle when travelling with a baby . I was so right about this purchase , this is definitely a smart buy . It folds easily , has leg support for my baby , 3 level back reclyne - which is ideal to put a baby to sleep - . It 's only a bit heavier than expected , but overall I recommend it to anyone whose child is turning into a toddler and need a bigger stroller . I bought the Aria -LRB- also from Peg Perego -RRB- when my baby was born , but it was already small for my growing child . So I decided to buy this one and it is very spacious , wide enough for my son .
 I do not have a lot of experience with strollers but my experience with the Peg Perego Pliko Lite stroller has been nothing short of excellent . It is very functional and yet light enough to take into restaurants , etc. . I have been very impressed with the ease with which it collapses and expands and it will indeed close with `` one hand '' . Our child is a new born and with this stroller we can also attach our Peg Perego car set into this stroller . This functionality is very convenient and easy to use . Finally , the stroller just moves and rolls very well . All in all , I have no complaints and give the product a 5 star rating .
 I looked long and hard for a upgraded umbrella stroller and found this one online only . I wanted one that was sturdy enough for a big diaper bag and growing baby but lightweight and compact . It met all of these requirements . Two features i would love to have are a adjustable canopy and handles . When we are walking in direct sun you ca n't pull the canopy down over him because it is attached at the back . We are also taller and the handles do n't adjust so we have to lean down a little bit . I know our 6 month old find it very comfy though with lots of room to grow . The basket is big enough but only accessible from the front . I like that is stands up on its own when collapsed . It does n't tip over with a diaper bag hanging from the handle and no baby sitting in it . It is a very smooth ride compared to the graco stroller i have . Overall I am very happy with this stroller but feel like I now need another stroller for very sunny days or i need an extra shade .
 I love this stroller . However , I do n't think it sold well in the US because they are onl selling it in Europe in 2007 . Anyhow , I bought this specifically for a trip to the UK . I worked out great . Compact fold , light weight , 14 month old was able to take naps . It did really well with the bumpy roads over there . I could n't imagine using a stroller without full shock absorbers on the wheels .
 I can not say enough positive things about my Sit 'n Stand LX Stroller by Baby Trend . I had a 2 year 5 month old toddler when my new baby was born . I knew I needed a stroller to accommodate both of them , because many times my toddler gets tired when we are out walking . However , my toddler also is rather independent and was beginning to really balk when put in his regular stroller . So when I saw this stroller that gave the toddler an option of sitting or standing , I knew I needed to give this a try.I have now used the stroller for 3 months and could not have been happier with it . My toddler loves to be able to either sit or stand in the stroller . Many times we just allow him to walk with us and then when he gets tired , he climbs into the stroller himself and either sits or stands on it and we keep going . He also feels like a `` big boy '' because he is not sitting on a regular looking stroller seat.Meanwhile the front seat accommodates my newborn infant 's Graco Snugride car seat perfectly.This stroller is heavier than a regular stroller , but still folds compactly enough to fit in the trunk of my Saturn SL2 small car , but it does take up most of the trunk . It is tougher to maneuver than a regular stroller because it is longer , but I expected that . I think they made it as easy to maneuver as they could and still accommodate 2 children.Another feature that this stroller has that did n't show up clearly on the online descriptions I read is that there is a seat belt to secure the toddler on the bench seat . This his handy when I take him into stores where I do n't want him to climb off . I use the seatbelt sparingly , so that he does n't mind it . There is also a safety belt that keeps the toddler from falling off backwards when standing , but I have not used it . I go slow enough that falling off while standing is not an issue.I read other reviews criticizing the fact that the toddler seat did not have a back and the toddler could not sleep in the stroller . If your toddler is n't balking at a regular stroller and frequently sleeps in the stroller , then this stroller IS NOT for you . Just get a double tandem stroller . However , if you have an active toddler who no longer likes a regular stroller , then this one is for you!Also , others criticized the sun visor . Yes , it is small , but with this design of stroller , I can not see how they could have made it much larger . And yes , the storage basket under the front seat is difficult to get to and mostly not usable.But I am thrilled to find something that my active toddler would use and can overlook these shortcomings that I mentioned . This stroller gives me the confidence to go on outings with both children without my husband !
 We 've had this stroller for a couple of weeks now and every time we get in our car our 21/2 year old daughter asks to make sure we have it with us . She loves riding on the back so much that given the choice of McDonald 's or somewhere else that includes a stroller ride she 'll choose the somewhere else . We also have a three week old baby so our need was a tandem with freedom for the toddler and a place to securely set the baby carrier.Before buying , I seriously looked at the Joovy Caboose Stand On Tandem and in fact almost bought one . I think I would have ultimately been fairly happy with either one , though there are trade-offs either way.Having tried both of them -LRB- I walked around babies-r-us a bit with the Joovy model loaded with our Graco baby carrier and our toddler -RRB- The Joovy seems slightly more compact front-to-back , which gives it a tighter turning radius making it slightly easier to turn . However , the tradeoff is that the Baby Trend Sit-n-Stand model seems to have a little bit more room for the toddler and it has the parent tray with two cup holders -LRB- I think the extra curve in the handle to accommodate the parent tray accounts for much of the extra length -RRB- . We used the cup holders on our original Graco stroller all the time -LRB- think trips to the zoo , long walks , etc. -RRB- , so having them on this stroller is a valuable feature for us.Unless I missed something , it seemed you had to remove the carrier attachment on the Joovy before being able to fold it completely . So , with the carrier attachment off , it may fold to a slightly more compact size than the Baby trends , but ... with the Baby Trend model you can leave the attachment on and everything cleanly folds quickly and easily and it is still quite compact -LRB- the one caveat being to watch the position of the front turning wheels , as they need to be in their lowest gravity-induced position until the unit is folded or they can interfere a bit -RRB- . I think it 's a big plus not having to insert and remove a part each time one goes to use it -LRB- think `` a busy shopping day with many stops , '' etc. -RRB- . The handles that the toddler can grab while they are sitting or standing seem a bit sturdier on the Joovy and are foam-padded , which is nice . On the other hand , the Baby Trend toddler handles seem sturdy enough -LRB- I do n't foresee a problem -RRB- and we 've had no complaints from our daughter , so it 's a minor point , really.There seems to be more storage room in the basket underneath on the Baby Trend , which is nice -- We 'll use that a lot.So , overall , the extra room for the toddler and for storage , the parent tray , the compact fold-up without needing to remove the carrier attachment , and the -LRB- did I forget to mention ? -RRB- substantially lower price have made us very happy with this purchase . My wife does n't think it 's hard to turn at all , so for us the tradeoffs favor this Baby Trend model . However , someone else may value other features slightly differently and I can see how that would tip them toward the Joovy . So , you just have to decide what is most important to you and what your usage patterns will be when making the decision .
 My children are 11/2 and 3 and we have had this stroller for about 3 months now.I have a lot of stroller experience . We used a single Graco travel system and then a Graco Duoglide before buying this stroller.We were n't quite ready for the sit n ' stand style when my little one was born , but decided to get it now that my older one is more independent , but not 100 % reliable walking on her own . Not to mention that our single was falling apart!We are loving the stroller as a compromise between the single and the double . It has been sturdy so far and I think it handles almost as well as my Graco Duoglide . The weight is pretty much the same as the double.Now , the little issues we have had :1 . -RRB- I ca n't yet figure out how to get it to fold flat enough to hook the latch that keeps it folded . One previous stroller needed the front wheels rolling forward straight to fold correctly , the other needed the wheels pulling backward straight . This one ? I do n't know , but whatever I try , I find myself really pushing on it to get the latch to reach ! *** ETA 5/7/09 *** I discovered that the stroller will not fold flat when the rear standing safety strap is latched ! Unhook it and it folds just fine ! My dd is in the habit of just ducking under it to get in and out .2 . -RRB- The front seat is a little on the small side . The seat length is short and there is not a lot of clearance between the seat and the tray . Luckily , the tray swings open VERY easily to get the child out . I still have a problem with my younger daughter sliding way down on the seat and trying to reach her legs to the floor -LRB- which she does sometimes -RRB- . Perhaps some more fidgeting with the strap adjustment could help , but I have already done a fair amount of adjusting .3 . -RRB- There is minimal accessible storage . It is pretty difficult to access the under storage ... more so than the double stroller , and WAY more difficult than the single we had.Also , I ca n't figure out where to put the diaper bag ! I used to hang it on the handle of the stroller , but it does n't work with this one . If I put it on the back seat , my daughter gets crowded . If I let it slip down in the space between the back seat and the front seat , it gets stuck , and the storage becomes even more inaccessible . Also , when I do get the diaper bag out , it usually flips the bar that keeps the front seat sitting upright , causing it to recline -LRB- another very small issue ... only a problem once in a while , so far ... -RRB- . We are trying to phase out the diaper bag anyway , but I think most people considering buying this stroller have a baby and will need that diaper bag ! Maybe I am just lazy that I do n't like to carry it ?
 I have a 1 year old and a 6 year old , and they both love this stroller . I did n't think I needed something to accommodate my 6 year old , but I have found the option of being able to push her as well to be very nice . I like to take long walks , and with this stroller I can go at my own pace and for as long as I like.I find the stroller very easy to push . It steers very well and has a smooth ride . The handles are at a great height both for myself at 5 ' 7 '' and my husband at 6 ' 1 '' . My feet never bump into the wheels when I 'm walking . My 6 year old has several options for riding -LRB- standing/sitting/kneeling -RRB- and the baby is very comfortable . In general , it feels sturdy and well made . I like the parent tray , though I do wish the cup holders were a little bigger to accommodate a sports bottle . The storage underneath is a great size . I have not tried to use this stroller with the car seat attachment , though I think its a good option to have . I only wish I 'd purchased this sooner !
 We bought this stroller one year ago and absolutely love it ! We tried other similar models -LRB- including the joovy -RRB- but could n't find one with the parent tray and a basket that you can actually get to . With a car seat on front it is a little bulky but still easy to maneuver . My older daughter loves to have the choice to stand or sit . It does take up a lot of trunk space but is definitely worth it . Over the past year it has held up well despite being well used . I would highly recommend this stroller .
 I was looking for a double stroller for months ... did n't come across the right one , until I found this ! I have a 21/2 year old and a 6th month old . My older daughter loves to be able to come and go as she pleases , but I can strap her in if I need to . The first place I used this after purchasing it was at the fair ... we were there for 5 hours and it came in handy for both my girls and my 5 year old niece .
 I love theBaby Trend Sit - ` n-Stand Stroller with Parent Tray . It makes life so much easier with a 2 year old and a new born ! It 's light enough for me to fold up and put in the trunk without any problems ! I would recommend it to anyone with 2 small children . I LOVE IT !!
 This is such a good stroller that I had to take the time to write a review . I use it allll the time to go shopping and for walks to the park . It is an easy way to keep 2 kids together . . Plus if the toddler gets tired then he/she can sit down and ride along . The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because there is nowhere to hang your bags or a purse . There is a basket , which is handy , but its not the same as being able to hang bags on the stroller handles .
 I ordered this on a friend 's suggestion when we were expecting our 2nd child -LRB- our first was 3 -RRB- . I love the easily click in -LRB- and out -RRB- bar that allows a clip-in car seat to sit in the front . My son is now 2 and large for his size but has no problems sitting in the front , even with thick layers -LRB- we get cold winters -RRB- and a blanket tucked around . Someone mentioned issues with their child sliding out , I 've never had that problem , the crotch strap holds him in place - and he 's squirmy :-RRB- My daughter loves the sit/stand area at the back and can reach the parent tray easily when I put her snacks in one of the cups.I 've used this to pick up groceries from the local store regularly and it 's sturdiness is fantastic . The underneath storage is easily accessible . There 's a snap on each side that lets you open it wide to put things in/take them out or close it for more security -LRB- do n't want those watermelons rolling out ! -RRB- A few reviews stated that they found the storage inaccessible , perhaps they did n't notice the snaps ? I * did * find that the snap on one side is harder to open/close so I just use the other side - which still holds on tight with watermelons in the basket : -RRB- I would strongly recommend this model , it 's very sturdy , shows little signs of wear and no signs of coming apart . Now that my daughter is big enough to walk on her own -LRB- and together they are getting too heavy for me to push for long -RRB- , I 'll be passing it on to family and I 'm confident they 'll get just as much heavy duty use out of it as I have .
 i LOVE this stroller I have a three year old and a 4 month old and it is perfect . the 3 year likes the idea of being able to sit , stand or walk . It is easy to move and flods up smaller than my other stroller . the one thing I would change would be the seat for the older child , I wish it moved to acess the storage area underneath better .
 I have had this stroller for over a year now and I still love it . I had a Jeep Wagoneer Tandem Stroller prior to this and never could steer it . I would have to lift up the stroller by the handle to maneuver it . This stroller is a breeze to steer . I have 4 kids and when I am in a big hurry my 1 yr . old sits in the front and I put my 3 and 5 year old on the bench seat with my 6 year old standing -LRB- yep , I can squeeze them all in -RRB- and I can push it no problem -LRB- and I am very petite -RRB- . I like the cupholders . I like the storage space . My kids like the stroller . Sometimes it is a little difficult to fold because the wheels turn the wrong way or something - I am not really sure why but I just try a few times and get it closed . Even with that minor problem I still feel it is 5 stars .
 We bought this when we had a second child last year . My husband was sorta mad I bought it , it was an `` unneccessary '' purchase . But then again he never took the girls out alone ! :-RRB- Now that he 's been out a few times with both of them he came home not too long ago saying `` you know , I hate to admit you being right ... :0 ... but the more I use that double stroller the more I love it ! '' : -RRB- My daughters were 3 mo and 2 yo when we bought it and it 's great ! It 's small enough to navigate stores without wiping out half the stands and when we go for a walk both my daughters are happy ! However ... ! I would definitely recommend you spend the extra $ 40 and get the DOUBLE !!! My 2 yo wants to sit in the seat ... opps ... sorry honey ! Now that the baby has out grown the infant car seat that really is n't an option and has created a few issues for us.But great stroller if you only have one child ! If you have two buy the baby trend sit & stand double ! It convert into the sit and stand single anyway ... so it 's win win .
 We received this stroller and it was easy to assemble the pieces that needed attached . Very easy instructions . My older son -LRB- 3 yrs old -RRB- loves the sit option and wants to go on a walk all the time . The attachment for the baby seat is super easy to add to the stroller and to remove . I feel secure with the strap that keeps my 1 month old in his carseat - will be strong and sturdy on the stroller . I am very pleased with the outcome of this stroller ... if I had to complain about one thing , I would like the seat for the older child to be on a hinge so it 's easier to get in the basket below ... other than that , I would highly recommend it for anyone with kids around 3 yrs old and a newborn or younger child .
 We bought this stroller to carry our newborn and our 2 year old . We went for our first walk tonight and she loved it . Easy in , easy out . She can be strapped in when she loses her freedom because she was naughty . It 's light weight , fits in our tiny car and is really easy to move around and steer for such a long stroller . We love it and recommend it to everyone !
 When I opened the box and saw the mobile I thought
 What a way to introduce baby to good design :-RRB- . We purchased this mobile 3 years ago when our first was born . We were n't into the whole saccharinely sweet stuffed animal , battery operated mobiles sold at retailers . This mobile did not disappoint . It is tastefully simple and very peaceful to watch . My oldest still sits and watches it . It 's very lightweight and can be hung virtually anywhere . Ours is above the crib but it could be hung above the changing table , play area , even above the kitchen table -LRB- our purchase came with a mini elephant mobile that we hung from the chandelier in the dinette -RRB- . All you need is a small ceiling hook to hang it . It comes with a floss-like string and cardboard eye .
 Our son began noticing the elephants floating above the changing table immediately when brought home from the hospital . He 's now 12 weeks old and he still loves those elephants ! They gently float and turn in the air . The modern style and primary colors make it visually pleasing as well . LOVE this mobile !
 I got these for my first baby and they have stayed in the nursery for the next ... and i have given these as gifts too . SO simple and clean lined . They go well with mid century furniture
 We received this as a baby gift . I had never heard of Flensted mobiles before , but we love it . We hung it above our daughter 's crib . She had one of those stuffed animal battery operated ones that was part of her crib bedding which we had to remove now since she has started reaching for it . This one she is going to be able to enjoy much longer since it has to be hung from the ceiling . They are not cheap , but you pay for the idea and design and considering how much longer a child will be able to enjoy one of those , the price is really not bad at all . Our 21/2 year old loves watching it too .
 these mobiles are the simplest and the most beautiful ones . baby love em . i got the cranes also by the same comany - fenstead . the retailer is also extremely good , courteous and prompt !! go get this , no doubts .
 I had a Bunnykins set like this as a child and loved that bowl . I used it until it finally broke when I was away at college . I just bought this set for by best friend 's 3 year old as a birthday gift . It makes for a nice gift and for me it was something sentimental to pass along .
 We got this for our Grandsons 1st BirthdayMy children had gotten their set from their grandparentsso we decided to carry it on to their children.My grown children still have their sets.We use to use then on Thanksgiving and Christmaswhen we used the good china .
 Every new baby in our family is given a Bunnikins set . My own children still have theirs and now i give to my grandchildren and close friends .
 thank you note said it was lovely . I will see the gift this summer we have sent this as a gift before
 My kids love these and I love the vintage feel . The pictures are just lovely , with camping and rowing scenes . Beware , if dropped on tiles , it breaks . ;--LRB- -LRB-
 This was an excellent product . It was perfect for a baby shower . My mother , who gave the present , received a lot of compliments about it . Classic !
 My children received these as infants and were used throughout their young childhood , so I have made them the number one baby shower gift for all my young friends !
 I ordered a set as a gift for my granddaughters first Easter . The first set arrived broken due to the bubble wrap not having much air in it . I was disappointed that I would n't have it for easter , but Amazon had a replacement set on the way the very next day . It arrived in time for Easter in perfect condition even though there was no bubble wrap or anything on the top of the box of dishes and the plate was completely unprotected . I think the dishes are adorable and do n't look any different than a set I ordered for my son 's first Easter back in 1984 when the dishes were made in England . I will definitely be ordering more for future grandchildren , I just hope Amazon will take more care in packaging fragile items .
 I BOUGHT THIS BUNNYKINS SET FOR MY NEWEST GRANDSON FOR HIS FIRST BIRTHDAY . THIS IS A TRADITION I STARTED WITH MY OLDEST GRANDCHILD AND EACH GRANDCHILD IN SUCCESSION WILL RECEIVE THEIR OWN SET ON THEIR 1ST BIRTHDAY . I STILL HAVE MY BOWL FROM WHEN I WAS A CHILD , A LITTLE WORN , BUT FULL OF MEMORIES . THE SET ARRIVED AT MY DAUGHTER 'S HOME IN OHIO , AS I LIVE IN CANADA , IN JUST A FEW DAYS . I WAS ALSO ABLE TO EASILY TRACK ITS JOURNEY . IT IS AN EXCELLENT SET AND A DELIGHT TO BE ABLE TO BUY ONLINE AND HAVE IT DELIVERED DIRECTLY TO ITS DESTINATION . ALL IN ALL , THE ITEM AND EXFERIENCE WAS EXTREMELY SATISFACTORY . THANK YOU AMAZON.COM
 This makes a great gift for a new child . It makes a lovely presentation and the quality is excellent . It is fine porcelain china by Royal Doulton and will last for many years whereas other baby items are outgrown in a short time . The price is very good for this three piece set . The mom will be impressed with this item .
 The Bunnykins dish set is beautiful and top quality . We ca n't wait to see our grandaughters reaction to it .
 This 3pc set of children 's china is a wonderful baby shower gift . The plate , bowl and mug all have very cute pictures of bunnies at play . Children love having their own special dishes , and these are definitely to be kept and passed on to new generations.I was very pleased with the prompt delivery of my order which arrived within five business days . It was well packed , and most importantly , the set box was in perfect condition for gift wrapping .
 I 've been giving Royal Dalton 's Bunnykins china sets to friends and family as newborn gifts for 30 + years . My three children have fond memories of using their `` special '' place settings during family gatherings . Bunnykins sets are rarely duplicated and will surely become a family heirloom !
 They matched exactly the 35 year old sets we had , which is waht we were looking for .
 Same lovely Bunnykins , similar to the ones I started my six children with many years ago.The difficulty is that one can not choose the pattern when ordering and thus we have received duplicates . Children and grown-ups alike both have fun with the different pictures on the plates , bowls and mugs ...
 This dishware has been in production for a long time , given I 'm a grandmother and my mother used these bowls for us!What the consumer information does n't convey are the charm of the prints on the disware ; each piece features a rabbit family engaged in some activity ... at the beach , gardening , etc. . My son 's bowl shows the family gardening , and the uproar of what happens when you have many bunny-children around ! Really cute.As a child , mom had sets for each of us , and as we did n't know which picture was at the bottom of the soup bowl , she would coax us to finish so we could see the picture . -LRB- Way to go , mom ! -RRB- The photo shows what I remember as our cherished ` bunnykins ' dishes . As a sweet keepsake , though , it 's well worth the price.This would make an ideal baby gift for expectant parents , or a first Christmas present for baby .
 I have been purchasing Peter Rabbit dishes for children for years . When my neice had a second child , I wanted a different dish set . I had never see this set in person and was concerned about quality-from some reviews I read . However , the dishes were in excellent condition and the art work was great . Would highly recommend this china for children .
 I was very pleased with the Bunnykins set . The pieces are all the perfect size and shape for young children and the quality is excellent .
 I purchased this stroller for my newborn and a 2-year-old . I originally planned on getting a tandem -LRB- front-to-back -RRB- stroller , but when I test-drove it at the store it felt like a huge , long , heavy and clumsy tank -LRB- and that 's without the kids in it ! -RRB- There is no way I 'd be able to maneuver the tandem stroller on the busy city streets.Then I tried this Aria Twin Side-By-Side stroller , and it felt so much better then the tandem - it was so light and easy to maneuver . So I purchased it , and I really like it.It says that the stroller is from 6-month-old and up , but I successfully use it with a newborn - the seat reclines almost fully , and the newborn lays in it and sleeps.This stroller fits through all standard doors and most supermarket isles . The basket is large and fits a lot of stuff . Walking in the city with my 2-year-old and newborn is pretty easy with this stroller.The only major downside of this stroller is that it does n't hold a car seat .
 I bought this stroller at the request of my other children , as they liked the look of this one -LRB- color -RRB- . I have a 2 year old and three more . I wanted a jogging stroller to go to baseball games , to parks and for walks around town.I had read reviews and was a little unsure about this stroller , because some people had issues with the front wheel , but most people said to tighten the large bolt on the top of the wheel and that then the problem went away . We tightened the bolt when we set up the stroller and the stroller is just purfect . All my children love it , they ride is very smooth , it is a breeze to push , and it glides over everything . Great stroller for the money , would buy again . Colors are also nice pink and a meduim grey . Does not fold up small , but no jogging stroller does .
 I have really enjoyed this stroller , and would n't have bothered to write a review except for the complaints about the swivel wheel . The issue is that when the front wheel has too much air , it is really bouncy since there is n't any weight on that wheel . If you keep that tire slightly flat , it wo n't bounce nearly as much . And the swivel wheel is definitely the best feature of this stroller .
 I do n't jog , so I ca n't say it 's a great jogging stroller , but I bought it at my local Target last year on sale for about $ 80 and I LOVE IT !! The only thing I could have asked for more than what it already has would be a child tray , although just now I was wiping it down and noticed great mesh pockets in by the child . That will be great when he is old enough to figure out how to use them . It folds down very nicely for a good sized jogging stroller , and has pockets just about everywhere -LRB- I 've had mine a year and , see , I 'm still finding pockets ! -RRB- . I think that the very best feature it has is the hood - it is very long , and the whole thing rotates so you can adjust it as you turn into and out of the sun . Personally I have noticed no problems with the front wheel , but , again , I only walk with it . This is great for almost any use - even every day .
 Just purchased this product , liked the color I got the black and grey easy to fold.But the front wheel is very wobbley so we tightened the large nut under the front foot tray , we think it 's better now as i bought it on the ineternet and it 's to much hassel to return it , If you are thinking of buying this jogger please purchases it in a store easier to return.Baby trend should fix the problem with the front wheels , it 's ok when locked but why i bought it was to it was a swivel .
 The service was perfect as always in Amazon , the product i gave it 4 of 5 because it is n't exactly as great as i was waiting , it is perfect for my son 's bedroom , but a litle bit expensive.JG
 I am 155 pds now and 7mths pregnant . I started wearing this about 1 mth ago off and on and definitely see a difference in aches and pains ! I got a medium but would have been fine with a small . The cradle is soft , does n't ride up and stays in place . It is only noticeable when wearing tight clothes and/or jeans but other than that , you would n't know it 's there . I highly recommend this to those that are experiencing some back aches since this will more than likely help with that issue .
 I was skeptical that this belt will reduce or prevent from lower back pain due to pregnancy . Believe me . . , it works . I wear it everywhere . I wear normally small size , however , i bought medium size belt because of the other reviewers ' recommendation . Medium size was a bit big for me , but it can be adjusted . I would recommend this product .
 I had intense pain in my right side from muscle strain for about 3 weeks -LRB- nobody tells you about this unpleasant pregnancy side-effect -RRB- . If I was n't lying down , it hurt . My friend and massage-therapist agreed that a support belt should help . So I ordered the Mini-Prenatal Cradle based on positive reviews and price . I got next day delivery.I put it on and the pain was instantly gone ! I do n't know how it works , but it does ! It 's only first day that I 've worn it , but so far I am a big fan ! I would definitely recommend to a friend , in fact I already did.I am 5 ' 6 and at 150lbs in week 27 . I ordered the Medium based on other reviews . I am wearing the belt at the tightest setting but am glad it will adjust larger as my belly grows in the next 3 months . I also like that it 's adjustable so I can move it to the area of my back or belly that needs the support .
 I love this product but agree with other reviews that the sizing is a bit off . While not-pregnant I am a tall 5 ' 10 '' and lean 125lbs which would have led me to purchase the petite size ; however , I used other reviews and purchased the small and have used the largest setting on it since receiving it . I am pregnant with twins so I also ordered the medium for the future . I presently am 30 weeks and around 145lbs and still using the small but it wo n't be too much longer to get to the medium . Would recommend this product to anyone but based on alternate sizing suggestions . I am using this belt for abdominal support and not back pain so can not comment on its use for back pain but excellent for abdominal support . I also really like that no one can tell you have it one because it is so small compared to other options out there .
 It is as described . Not hurting my clothes . And more importantly , it helps me carry the weight of my belly .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS A LIFESAVER FOR MY BACK I USED IT SINCE MY SECOND TRIMESTER TILL THE END OF MY PREGNANCY . GLAD I PURCHASED IT , TOOK A LOT OF PAIN OFF MY BACK AND THE PRICE WAS GREAT & iexcl ;
 just received today and the support is great . . the pressure off my back and shift in my posture is already noticed after just an hour of wearing .
 I love this thing . I did n't think it would make much of a difference with my back pain , but it 's worked really well . I can stay on my feet twice to three times as long as I could without it -LRB- I 'm in my 3rd trimester and work fastfood -RRB- . It does n't magic the back pain away by any means but it takes longer to start and lessens it when it does start . Also , I really appreciated that the sizing was accurate .
 During my 5th month of pregnancy I was feeling some pain and pressure in my lower abdomen if I was up and about for more than 30 minutes . My perinatologist suggested the Prenatal Cradle Mini-Cradle and I am SO glad he did . If I know I 'm going to be walking for awhile or doing housework , shopping , etc I just put on the Mini-Cradle and I 'm good to go all day . It really made a huge difference in how I was feeling . I definitely recommend this product !
 Very pleased . Shipped quickly and has really given me alot of support during my pregnancy . Would highly recommend this to anyone . Hides nicely under clothes too .
 I was thrown off by EVERYONE 's reviews that the size they ordered was too small ! I normally wear a medium in almost everything , so I ordered a large , and the smallest hook is hardly firm enough to actually support the belly . I say order TRUE TO SIZE !
 I love this item . I am 8 months pregnant and working as a restaurant server . I ordered this because I was having a lot of pain in my legs after work . I noticed a huge improvement after using it . The only problem with this is that the sizing is completely off . It said that I needed a petite size based on my weight . I am 126 lbs and 5 ' 2 . Good thing I read the other reviews at got a size small . However , if I was just a little big bigger I would need a medium . I am using the last slot of the size small .
 I had to write something because of how much this product has helped me . I really thought I 'd only be wearing this for work , but I 've found myself wearing this almost ALL the time ... home , shopping , etc. . This belt really supports and keeps my belly comfortable . When I 'm not wearing it I 'm always unconsciously -LRB- is that the right word ? Or is it `` subconsciously '' ? -RRB- holding my hands under my belly for support.The belt really helps when I 'm playing with my two girls , doing housework , and shopping . I can bend over a lot easier -LRB- although I admit it is getting harder and harder as I 'm heading into the 8th month -RRB- but without it , there 's a huge difference . I 'm also a part time Special Ed . aide running after six OTHER kids at work . I could not do most of what I do comfortably without this belt.As far as sizing , the medium has worked just fine . I started on the tightest setting , then unhooked one , then two hooks as time went on . Now the medium setting fits nicely . I do n't know if I 'll get to the loosest setting , as I 'm pretty small.Overall , this is a product that I 've worn almost constantly since I 've gotten it and it 's helped me no end !
 Let me start out by saying I do love this product ! It is a good support yet discreet enough that you ca n't tell I am wearing it ! I put it under my belly and I walked around and seriously did n't feel pregnant at all !! I am 6 months pregnant and have suffered from terrible back pain . Ever since I started wearing it my back has n't hurt at all . I 'm sure it 's because it took the pressure off my nerve and helped my posture a lot . Now for the bad part . It is n't velcro , it has a hook and eye closure with three different settings . I got the smallest size ` Petite ' which is supposed to fit 90-135 pounds . My pre pregnancy weight was 99 pounds and I have gained fifteen so far putting me at 114 pounds . You would think I would have to put it on the tightest notch but I got it and had to put it on the loosest ! Granted it does fit perfectly but if I happen to grow for any reason I sadly wo n't be able to wear it anymore ! So please beware because I picked my size and it is almost too small ! Other than that I have no complaints ! Hoping to be able to wear this for the remaining 31/2 months of my pregnancy !
 It 's much better than I imaged . I just received it today and put it on right away since my growing belly really start to hurt my back . It feels like magic . I can feel the support to my back . It works perfectly for me . I sit in front of a computer most of the day and it just feels the right support that I needed . Also it 's perfect size ! I imaged it would be uncomfortable but surprisingly , it 's very comfortable to wear ! I should 've got it sooner ! : -RRB-
 My upper and lower back were hurting due to the weight shift of pregnancy . I do n't know how this cradle manages to work but it does a great job ... especially for the price!By the end of the first day of wearing it , my back felt a million times better.You ca n't see it under clothing and it fits great ! As for people complaining about the sizing , it fits me perfectly . Yes it 's just by weight , but you have to use common sense if you 're a borderline size , incorporating whether you 're tall or short as well as your build and belly.The only negatives are that there are only 3 options for size adjustment . Although for me it fits fine . Also if I 'm sitting down for a while , the band can cut in a tiny bit but it 's an elastic band ... kind of expected.I 'm 5ft 9 , bought it when I was 135lb , I 'm now 150lb and I have it on the middle setting .
 I bought this when I was 7 months pregnant with my baby . It works really well !! I was suffering from A LOT of back pain when my baby was getting heavier and heavier each day . This worked miraculously to help me relieve the tension . I could walk , run , sit and do anything ! Although you do have to adjust the belt from time to time after sitting down or moving around , it was not such an issue for me since it provided a lot of great support for my back .
 So thankful that I read the reviews prior to buying , TRUST me , buy a size up . . even if you do n't think you should ! I weigh 130 pounds now at 30 weeks pregnant -LRB- i 'm built very small -RRB- and I ordered a size -LSB- medium 181-225 pounds -RSB- after reading reviews . . I was worried it would be huge but it is n't at all ! It fits very snug on the tightest setting . No way would I have been able to fit in a small , and I am indeed . . small!Now , as for the benefits of the actual belt . . I had horrible round ligament pain that was keeping me up at night , I got this with hopes that it would help some , it has been a blessing . . a great $ 15 investment . . thats for sure!I was n't sure seeing that it 's so inexpensive , but it does the trick .
 I 'm so glad I bought this for my third trimester . It made it so I could actually commute to work via the subway with my computer , otherwise I would never be able to carry that . Also , after eating , when you 're feeling a bit stretched , it helps to make it so it is more comfortable to walk etc. . Such a good purchase -- highly recommend , especially for the price . Meanwhile , at first I thought it was too big at the 2nd setting -LRB- there are three -RRB- and too small for the first , but I grew into it , and also I found that wearing it outside my clothes like a belt was really effective to keep it from slipping .
 I like this product . After researching all the different types of belly supports , this one came up to be the best . It is very comfortable and I feel it is better to have it than have nothing at all . It takes some of the pressure off . Its easy to put on and I love the hook-and-eye feature . It stays clean . For the price , I would reommend this to anyone
 I got this after I was having round ligament pain beginning in the third trimester . I read the reviews and all suggested buying a size up . I got a medium , even though I 'm a small normally . I can really tell the difference when I have it on from when I do n't have it on . I just wish it had come with some explanation of where it 's supposed to sit on my belly . But I figured it out ! Definitely wear a shirt under the belt - it does n't irritate my skin but did make me hot without a shirt . I would highly recommend this to anyone whose belly needs a little extra support !
 I bought this belt when I was 34 weeks pregnant to help with back pain . The belt did a wonderful job . I followed other reviewers ' suggestions and bought one size up . It was definitely the right thing to do . FYI , I 'm 5 ft 7 and weighed 145 lbs at 34 weeks .
 This was a lifesaver ! I am a runner , and round ligament pain was making me very uncomfortable during my third trimester , even while walking . I ordered the Petite size and use it tightly below the belly . I needed to use it on the smallest setting to get results - which meant that I could n't close the belt unless I hooked the closures BEFORE putting in on - I slid it on from the bottom over my legs/hips . It was then stretchy enough to fit but tight enough to work . I am now running through my third trimester with NO PAIN ! I 'm so glad I ordered this , and the price was right too .
 I am 5 and 1/2 week pregnant , and I have started to experience a strong continuous pain at the bottom of the abdomen -LRB- it 's the `` round ligament pain '' , very common I also had it during my previous pregnancy , bt this time it has started much earlier ! ... -RRB- . I found on Amazon this product , and I was attracted by its small size.The belt is magnificent , it 's providing me releif from the first minute I put it on . I use it only when I need to stand or walk , and remove it when I am sitting , since I do n't need it and can be a bit uncomfortable -LRB- or needs to be opened a bit -RRB- . Its small size and easiness of use means that I can easily put it on and off , and keep it in my purse . And that it is invisible under the suits and clothes.When I wear the belt the pain disappears almost entirely , and I have been told by doctors that it also helps stopping the progression of pain.Great releief , and great value for money .
 I got this belt in the mail today and immediately tried it on . What a relief , I have a lot of ligament soreness and this relieves most of it . It is a bit big , but I know I will grow into it . It is n't as tight as it needs to be today , but it still is providing relief -- as I grow it will become more effective I 'm sure . The size is a little off , I could probably have gotten by with the smaller one , but all in all , I 'm happy !
 I have carried this baby so low from the beginning . I started noticing low back pain and pelvic pain in the 5th month . This product was recommended to me and this was a GREAT investment . It does get slightly uncomfortable for the low belly towards the end of the day , but it really does save my back . It holds the belly up so that the baby is supported . I highly recommend this product for anyone who is carrying low or is experiencing low back pain.I do n't weigh 181-225 lbs ... when I purchased this , I was about 160 lbs . The belt has 3 clasp settings . I am glad I did n't get the smaller one .
 I bought this because I am having back and ligament pain from pregnancy . The cradle has eased this considerably ! Based on customer reviews , I ordered a size up - I really wish I had n't . I am 32 weeks wearing this on the tightest setting , and I really wish it were more snug - I think it would give better support . So , overall , the cradle is great and does really help , I just wish that I had ordered the size recommended from the manufacturer and not ordered up a size per the reviews . I am 5 ' 3 '' , small frame , currently 140 lbs - ordered a Medium - wish I had ordered the Small .
 Bought this to help with pelvic/hip joint pain that I am suffering with in my second pregnancy at 25 weeks along . Has made a tremendous difference . I think primarily because it has 1 -RRB- improved my posture and 2 -RRB- helps keep my hip/pelvic bone tight and in allignment . Have only had this 5 days , but have been noticeably more comfortable . As for sizing , I bought the medium because during my first pregnancy I fell within the lower end of the weight range and now at only 25 weeks -LRB- 165lbs -RRB- , I wanted to be sure this would fit to the end of my pregnancy . I have the belt at the smallest of the 3 settings and find that the extra overlap provides extra support under my belly . It is snug , but not too tight and I can pull the end approx 2 inches past the smallest setting to give you an idea . I wear it over a couple layers -LRB- full panel pants w / cami -RRB- and I have had no problems with it riding up or shifting . Have found it is not as comfortable with maternity pants that have a normal/non-maternity back and just the underbelly elastic in front . Even with a camisole , the mini cradle shifts around a bit with those types of pants . Well worth every penny !
 ME : I am 6 ' 2 '' , about 220 lbs and ~ 7 months pregnant.FUNCTION : I was having a lot of abdominal pain with quick movements such as standing , twisting and lifting my 30-lb toddler so I bought this mini cradle brace . It has helped tremendously and provides just the right amount of support for my lower abdomen . It is comfortable and I wear it throughout the day . For heavy chores , gardening , standing all day and running errands , I also bought a heavier-duty lumbar-type of maternity brace , but have found I do n't really need the bigger one as much as I though I would because this mini cradle does most of the work.SIZE : I bought the large size based on the weight recommendations provided by the company and user reviews stating it runs small . I think it runs big -LRB- maybe because I 'm tall and body weight is distributed differently than most other reviewers ? -RRB- and actually cut off the largest setting and sewed it back in to the brace so it was a few inches smaller . I like the fact that it comes with 3 different size settings which are like bra clips , very easy to use.LOOK & COMFORT : I can wear this under any item of clothing and it does n't really show . My regular -LRB- non-maternity -RRB- jeans fit over it just fine even at 7 months and I can use the restroom without removing the brace . It is very comfortable and I have fallen asleep with it on . The material is soft and only rides up on my back occasionally.RECOMMENDED : Heck yes ! Highly recommended .
 I 'm 26 weeks pregnant with twins and have a 19 month old . My back was n't hurting , but the weight of my stomach was starting to cause me some serious discomfort . And that made it all but impossible to be comfortable doing much of anything . So I found this , read the reviews , bought it , and -- no kidding -- breathed an enormous sigh of relief from the minute I put it on . In fact , it 's two days later , and I dread taking it off . The reviews are right
 I bought this at my doctor 's suggestion to help alleviate the pain of Symphisis Pubis Dysfunction . I 've been wearing it for about five days and it really seems to be helping . For me , I think the sizing is fairly accurate , although given the range , I should have been able to use all the settings throughout the rest of my pregnancy . I bought the size medium and am wearing it on the middle setting . For comparison 's sake , I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and was 178 lbs pre-pregnancy -LRB- size 14 -RRB- , now I am 26 weeks and have gained 6 lbs - all belly . I just wish there were more rows of hooks as I 'm not sure I will be able to wear it comfortably until I can make it to the last row.Pros
 I 'm 33 weeks pregnant and have had bad back pain since very early in my pregnancy . My doc recommended a maternity belt so I took a chance on this one because of the low cost and I 'm so glad I did . It provides relief immediately and is pretty comfortable -LRB- can get annoying when sitting -RRB- . I bought a small because my weight falls at the very beginning of small , even though my pant size would call for the petite size . It works best on the tightest setting so there 's plenty of room for growth to come.If you 're unsure , take a chance on this product ! It 's worth every penny .
 Thanks to some of the other reviewers I ordered a size up . I was measuring correctly for a size small belt , but ordered a medium because many reviewers said it ran small . Sure enough , the medium fits perfectly and I have room to grow with it . I 'm between 5 and 6 months now with my 2nd pregnancy and carrying very low . I was a pre-pregnancy size 4-6 and maternity clothes size small . This belt definitly does the job when I need to be on my feet for longer periods of time . I always take it off when sitting though , because it puts too much pressure on the baby and she often wo n't stop kicking/punching until I take it off .
 This is the only pregnancy support I 've used , so it 's hard to compare it to others . I got it in my 3rd trimester and it does seem helpful . - It does help my back pain and seems to alleviate some of my round ligament pain . - I 'm not sure about sizing - I am super pregnant -LRB- currently up about 30 lbs from my prepregnancy weight -RRB- - but nowhere near the 181-225lb limit that this medium claims to be for . Yes , I wear it on the smallest setting , but it 's quite snug there and I think the weight limits are `` off '' in general . I ca n't imagine fitting into this at 225 lbs .
 I 've been wearing this for several months , and only until recently -LRB- I 'm almost 32 weeks -RRB- did it start to feel a little uncomfortable . I still wear it if I 'm walking or standing around for longer than usual . I used to have terrible sciatica pain , but really did n't have that problem when I wore the cradle . Highly recommended .
 VERY glad I found this , I almost went for the FULL cradle but glad I did n't spend the money this was very inexpensive and WOW the difference is already great ! I went with the sugestions of other reviews and got one size larger then it said too , I am wearing it as tight as it can go and it 's not as snug as I need but I still have 2 months and tend to gain most my wait in that time , so I know this will be the best size , had I gone with the small I know it would not last for the rest of the pregnancy when I need it the most .
 After reading several reviews about the Mini Cradle running small , I ordered a size bigger then the recommendation weight chart . I am very happy I did because it does fit ! I am 35 weeks pregnant and since about 32 weeks have been feeling the `` heaviness '' of the baby on my belly ... come to find out that our baby is weighing in the 90th percentile - oh boy . Anyway , after wearing the mini cradle , it really did help relieve the weight of my belly . I hated feeling that `` hanging feeling '' on my tummy . Also , I have been experiencing ligament pain in my groin area from the weight of the baby . This belt help alleviate that pain ... somewhat but I 'll take any help I can get.I did n't give it 5 stars because I feel it should have more hooks available to allow for more flexibility as to how snug you want it . I found as I 'm getting bigger , it 's getting a bit more uncomfortable to wear the belt at the end of the day after a long day of having the belt on . Other than that , I am really happy with my purchase for the price I paid !
 I am currently 34 weeks pregnant and got this belt over two month ago and have been using it ever since . I did not have lower back pain but the round ligament pain was a problem . This belt definitely helped a lot with the ligament pain and heaviness in the lower abdomen . Great for walking or standing for a long time . Seating with the belt on was uncomfortable for me at first but now I tweaked the positioning of the felt and it 's actually not that bad . But of course it depends on the shape of your growing belly too!I agree with other people - more hooks and loops would definitely make it easier to adjust particularly in the third trimester when your belly grows fast . I wish they made it in nude or beige . it 's not something obviously visible but sometimes the back part peeks out .
 I definitely agree that their sizing was off for me . I am at the high end of what they call a small , but I ordered a medium based on other reviews and it fits great right now on the smallest setting . I 'll be able to continue using this as my belly continues to grow . -LRB- I 'm 5 months pregnant . -RRB- Otherwise , it 's comfortable and serves its purpose to give a little -LRB- not a lot -RRB- of back and abdominal support .
 I was carrying very low and have some discomfort from it , the belt helped out . It relived pressure and made me fell free to move around more . They do run small , I weighed 170 at 71/2 months and I got the Medium and it was pretty tight on the last fitting , so they do run rather small . They have hooks/eyes like a Bra so you have a few size choices , so If you are close to one size , get the next one up , knowing you will be able to adjust it down .
 This is a pretty good belt , it supports you and really helps if you have a lot of walking to do . They only thing I wish is that it was more adjustable with more hooks . Other than that I would highly recommend it .
 I had terrible pelvic pain during my pregnancy - putting this brace on provided instant relief . I agree that it runs small , so consider ordering a size up from the recommended weight ranges . Also , just like a bra , it cinches in on the skin so you get some `` side fat '' hanging over the edges . It 's not terrible , but it did keep me from wearing it under shirts of thin material . Finally , i would n't recommend wearing it if you know you 're going to be sitting for a long time , as it starts to dig in -LRB- we made a 6-hour car trip , and I had to remove it after 3 hours -RRB- . However , I would highly recommend this product -LRB- especially given the price -RRB- . I wore it during exercise and at work . It cleans very easily , too . -LRB- I washed it in a lingerie bag along with my bras etc. -RRB- Provides pelvic relief as well as back support from the moment you get a `` bump '' all the way through your ninth month .
 I purchased this product for support while walking on the treadmill . It works great now -LRB- Second Trimester -RRB- , but I do n't know if it will hold up to my bouncy belly in the 3rd . All in all , it was money well spent .
 Though i fall in the category of SMALL per the belt size -LRB- Iam 5.2 '' tall and 30 weeks along with my second baby -RRB- , i felt like i should try the medium just to be safe reading all the reviews . And iam glad i ordered the size medium and iam completely satisfied with the belt and it serves the purpose . No more leg or back pain , no pressure feeling since my baby is low and a 2 year old toddler to take care of at home ... Would definitely recommend this belt !
 I 'm about 31 weeks and my doctor suggested I get a maternity belt to help with some lower back issues . I agree with the other reviews that this product runs small . I 'm glad I went with the Medium size , even though I 'm about 20-25lbs under the weight that 's listed for that suggested size . I like the eye-hooks better than the velcro that 's on a lot of the other products . The belt is comfortable , easy to put on , and no one can tell I 'm wearing it . Not sure that I notice a difference during the day , but I have noticed at night that my lower back/hip does n't hurt as much when I sleep on my right side like before . Not sure about durability since I 've only had this for about 2 weeks .
 This is the best $ 15 I ever spent . I swear this thing changed my life . I was miserable , heavy , and my feet ached all the time . I even ordered another for a friend who is a couple weeks behind me in her pregnancy . Wonderful !!
 I needed a support belt to help my lower abdomen carrying all that weight . I read all the reviews on this product and everybody said that it was super small and to size up - so I did . I got the belt in a medium instead of a small and it is in the tightest setting too lose to be able to support.I am 5 ' 3 '' with 127 lbs pre-preggo and now 152 at 28 weeks . I usually wear small and that is what I should have gotten here.I do n't know what 's up with all the reviews claiming it is so small and that you would have to size up , but from my experience I can only say DO N'TOther than that I found the belt comfortable , no itching from the material as some people complained about and it does give nice support -LRB- I put it on over Jeans and sweater to make it work sizewise -RRB- . Therefore I will give it another try and order a small one . As return shipping would be cost for me , I will just give the medium to a pregnant friend.One star got deducted because honestly it would be so super easy for them to just add more sizes on the same length belt , which would eliminate the perceived sizing issue .
 I 'm 30 weeks pregnant and I love this cradle ! It 's definitely advisable to get the next size up if you 're towards the high end of the weight limit - I 'm somewhere in the 160 's and the medium size fits best for me .
 I started wearing this product when I was 3 months pregnant and it has really helped me a lot ! I never had any back pain at all while wearing it !!!
 It was good when I was from 5 to 7 month but then I had to buy wide belt with back support because this one did not help with low back pain .
 I got this for my wife and she bought another one recommended by her obgyn but we kept this one also . She used it once and liked it .
 During the last trimester of my pregnancy , the baby was sitting really low and my hips hurt all the time . I ordered this and started wearing it whenever I had to be on my feet for a while or when I exercised . It felt like it took some of the pressure off my hips . However , I did not think it was comfortable to sit or drive while wearing it . The size chart is accurate and it was easy to wear . No one could tell it was under my clothes . I weighed about 190 pounds during my third trimester and I wore the medium -LRB- never had to use the loosest eyehook closures -RRB- .
 Starting at around my 6-month mark , my belly was getting a bit heavy . I 've been trying to still do some exercise once a week , and was startled to find quite a bit of bouncing!I needed some extra support , and found that the Mini Cradle did the trick ! It 's convenient because it 's relatively small , and it 's easy to carry in my purse if I feel like taking it off/putting it on . I also like that it uses a hook-and-eye closure rather than velcro ... makes it a tad less embarrassing when I want to just discreetly take it off at my cube at work , plus it wo n't snag on clothes ! : -RRB- The construction of the belt is such that it 's an extra-wide piece of elastic with hook and eye closures . This means that it stretches out a little bit over time , and can get a little bit itchy by end of day because of the lightly ribbed texture . I know some folks wear the band to sleep , but I only wear it during the day because it gets a bit itchy . I try to wash it regularly to keep it from accumulating sweat , etc.Overall , a great product . I did n't want to buy anything that looked like a harness , as convenience was key . I got a small and it worked just fine for me . I 'm 5 ' 6 &#34; , size 4 pre-pregnancy , size 6-8 in third trimester of pregnancy .
 I got this on my 21 week , 139bl . With other people 's review , I bought the one size up , and it is totally correct . I am using the smallest setting right now , and this belt will give me plenty growing room . One thing I do not like -LRB- I guess it is related to my job -RRB- is it is not comfortable if you like me , sitting all the day . But it does lighter my back stress . Would recommend it . It is made in US .
 I almost ordered a medium after reading all the reviews about the inaccurate sizing information , but after I read a review which suggested to stick to the manufacturer 's sizing chart , I decided to go with a small . I 'm SO glad I did . The medium would have done nothing for me . I 'm 26 weeks , 5 ' 3 '' , 144 lbs , and I 'm wearing it on the smallest setting.That being said , I DO wear it UNDER my belly , which I believe it 's meant for . Some people say they wear it higher than that , and if that 's the case , you might want to order the next size OR if you 're on the higher end of the weight range . Either way , orders are very easily returned to Amazon.The belt gives good support and I feel a little more secure when taking my morning walks - less vulnerable to lower back strain . It does n't provide a huge amount of support , which you do n't want anyway . It would not only be uncomfortable to have something too tight , it would n't be good for baby , either.I only gave 4 stars because the material is not comfortable enough to wear on bare skin . You need to wear it over clothing , otherwise the fabric digs into your skin . Even so , I still recommend this product to anyone who feels like they need a little support .
 With my second pregnancy , I have been experiencing so much pressure because this baby is riding so much lower . I would be in so much pain that it would be difficult to walk , especially when standing up after sitting for a bit of time . My husband talked me into finding something to help . I honestly did n't think this simple belt would do very much , but I felt immediate relief as soon as I put it on . It has really helped relieve a lot of the pressure I was feeling , and I am no longer as swollen as I was . YAY !!!
 After reading others ' reviews , I went a size up and got the medium . It 's working great during my last trimester to support my belly while I 'm at work . Has helped relieve much of my back pain too !
 My wife is now 30 weeks pregnant . She purchased this item about a month ago and loves it . She tells me that it helps reduce her back pain dramatically . This is especially important for her because she is on her feet most of the day and has had spinal fusion surgery . I would say that she highly recommends this item for anyone pregnant women with back pain .
 Had the one from Boppy but had to return it . This gives BETTER support and I like the small band . I am 7 months pregnant and 167lbs . I use it on the middle setting , however I 've used it on the last setting before . I could go a bit smaller for more support so I will have my friend remove the first -LRB- loosest -RRB- setting which I 've NEVER used and re-sew it on so I can use it tighter . Not sure if I will need to go tighter but I can imagine as I get bigger , I will need more support . All in all , it 's a great price , great value and great product ! Would recommend to all pregnant women !! The support feels great .
 I have nothing but good things to say about this product . Right around 26 weeks -LRB- and about 23 pounds -RRB- , I started developing serious pain in my SI joint , and was barely able to make it to work and home . My doctor recommended this product and within 15 minutes of putting it on I started to experience relief . I 've been wearing it every day for about 3 weeks now , and I do n't know what I 'd do without it . It seems to provide me just enough support that my poor lower back is n't bearing the whole burden . I sit at a desk most of my day , and I find it just as comfortable to sit in as to walk and exercise in . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and was right at 180 pounds when I bought the belt , so I purchased the medium and found the fit to be just fine . I wear it on the tightest setting , although now at 29 weeks I find I 'm moving it down to the next lower position more often .
 I ordered this with high hopes and was so excited two days later when it arrived ! I immediately put it on and noticed a difference right away . It 's like a weight was lifted-pun intended :-RRB- I wore it for several hours the next day as I cleaned and organized my house -LRB- nesting hardcore , as I am at 32 weeks -RRB- and miraculously my back and stomach did not hurt one pit !! I noticed even more than my legs and feet hurt after several hours though . . I did want to address the size issue though . I ordered a small because everyone in all the reviews I 'd read said that this ran really small . I am almost 5 ' 4 '' and am at about 140 now . When I got pregnant I weighed about 110 . I ordinarily would have ordered the petite size but was worried it would be too small . I think the sizing chart they offer is pretty accurate . I have to put it on the tightest clasps for it to fit right and it is still not too tight at all.Over all , I am very pleased with this product !
 I started having lower back pain at the end of my first trimester and wearing this all day and while on my feet really really made a difference . By the third trimester I was in need of more support -LRB- large baby + excess amniotic fluid -RRB- but I could still feel a difference when I wore this if just standing in the kitchen cleaning dishes .
 Because I 've been having some lower groin pain I went to a maternity store and tried on a few of their options but did n't want to spend $ 40 + on it so I bought this one on amazon instead . I was a size 6/8 pre pregnancy and I 'm now a size 10 and I purchased the size Small which fits me perfectly on the tightest setting so I 'll have room to grow as well . I wore it on a longer walk and I did n't have as much pain as I would have without it .
 I 'll admit to being a little slow in figuring out what to do about my ligament pain . I 've been suffering for well over 6 weeks with pelvic pain -LRB- since around 19 weeks pregnant -RRB- . I found this item by searching online . I really was n't sure if it would help and did n't want to try one of the bigger harness-type cradles just yet , so I thought I 'd give the Mini Cradle a try . From the minute I put it on , I felt some relief . I actually experienced a few steps with ZERO pain ! Generally , though , the pain is still there , but it is not as bad as before I got the cradle . I 'm able to walk better and it 's not as painful getting in and out of the car.I used the guide -LRB- others have posted this -RRB- to determine the size to purchase . The one I chose fit just fine.I do have a ways to go , so I wonder if I might end up needing to buy one of the supports that goes over your shoulders as well . This one is working well for now .
 I love the prenatal cradle . I ordered it when the lower back pain got to the point that I could no longer exercise -LRB- except to swim -RRB- , and now I have no problem with exercise or walking a lot . It 's a lot more comfortable than the bulkier prenatal back supports as the material is flexible and it does n't bunch up and roll when you sit . I do remove it for driving any distance , but that 's not a big deal to me . Unfortunately , the size runs small . I ordered the petite because I am right in the middle of the weight range listed and under 5 feet tall as well . I can only wear it on the loosest setting and will need to order a larger size already at only 5 months pregnant . I will be ordering another one , though , since I ca n't imagine going through the last months of pregnancy without it .
 My wife love this item , without this it was hard for her to walk or stand for long time .
 It helps a lot to support your tummy but when you are in the final months it is not so good because you feel a lot of pressure in your lower tummy
 I am 5 months pregnant with twins and this belt has been a lifesaver . I wish I ordered it sooner ! It not only helps support my huge belly , but also allows me to stay on my feet - comfortably - a lot longer than without it.It seems to run true to the size measurements suggested . Maybe a little small . I am currently 132lbs and I can wear it on the middle hooks . There are 3 sets of hooks , so not sure how much bigger I will get between now and delivery but hopefully I can use this till the end .
 this was super helpful in relieving some lower back pain i was experiencing in my 4th month . as soon as i received it and put it on , it went to work . the hooks are great as they do n't get caught in any of my clothing and washing it in my lingerie bag makes maintenance a breeze . i 'd definitely recommend it to all who want a little support along the way .
 My wife is currently 7 months pregnant and this is why I got this for her . She says it gives her some relief , but I suppose , it could be a bit more sturdy . But then again , I did not pay a whole lot for it , so for what I paid , it is a very good product .
 The minicradle is especially helpful when I am on my feet for an extended amount of time . It is easy to take on and off and folds up nicely to fit in my small purse . The only small issue that I have is that when it is put on properly it sits right on your bladder but you will probably have this problem with any real support that you would wear for lower back issues . I am glad I have it - I feel supported when wearing it .
 I am happy having this comfortable support while working as massage therapist . I was afraid to get too small and prior buying read a lot of reviews about sizing . If you are really petite , do not buy S buy XS size . Exception - if you are petite and overweight or gaining too much too fast while pregnant .
 I recommend these to anyone who is expecting and still working . Or to anyone who has had life-long hip problems that were only enhanced due to pregnancy ! It does relieve pain and offer support and was a great price to boot ! I wear it off and on at work , because if I do n't take it off and get a breather it becomes uncomfortable and tight . But I put it on in the morning and by afternoon am ready to take it off and the pain does n't increase . It 's been very beneficial .
 It does offer some support but the fit is difficult to get perfect since only 3 clasps and they are far apart . It fit me perfect when I was 26 weeks but now that I 'm 32 the second clasp too tight and the first still too loose ...
 as others have said , this is a little big on me to be supportive . I ordered the medium at 190 # and 28 weeks . It 's snug , but not supportive.HOWEVER ! i have a few pairs of full belly pants that refuse to stay up over my rump . this band works great at holding up those problematic pants . i can comfortably wear it all day while sitting at my desk , and it does a great job holding them up on the weekends when i 'm running around -LRB- bending -RRB- more when they really slip down . i 'm very happy with it as a belt for the listed price . who knows , as i get bigger , maybe it 'll start to be supportive , too . * edited * at 32 weeks this is supportive , and i wear it daily . i 'm shocked at how much a little elastic band really helps support . i love it , and well , well worth the price .
 Highly recommend this maternity belt to those who are experiencing back pain . Really helps the minute you put it on .
 Other than sizing I am very happy with product . I am 195 lbs , ordered a medium should have ordered a small .
 This has definitely helped . I was having horrible ligament pain that made walking , turning or getting up from the bed difficult but with this , the pain is almost gone . I wish I had gotten it earlier in my pregnancy ... just ending second trimester and I would definitely buy again.Highly recommended
 I 'm at 32 weeks now and my belly tends to get really heavy and uncomfortable so i decided to use this . It has definitely eased the pain of gravity that 's been pulling on my belly but best of all , it helps to relieve my sciatic pain too . I walk around a lot for my job so this has been a life saver.In regards to the sizing , mine fit perfectly . For those that were complaining that the fit was ` too small ' , perhaps you just got the wrong size . Eitherway , Amazon makes it so easy to return so it should n't be a big deal .
 I was so uncomfortable my 3rd pregnancy ... . This was the best thing I purchased for my time being pregnant . It took so much weight off of me it felt like . I did n't gain a lot of weight , But this just made everything better . Highly recommend this to every pregnant woman .
 I originally ordered the medium -LRB- pre-preggo I was a size 4 -RRB- after reading everyone 's reviews to size up . When I was smaller , the medium seemed to help , but as I got bigger , I found even on the smallest links that I was totally unsupported . I 32 weeks and I am having some round ligament and pelvic pain , but did n't want to order one of those massive belts . I decided to try ordering the small and it 's been a dramatic difference . It probably depends on how you are carrying - I do n't have much of a graduated transition from my pelvis to my bump so even though my belly is quite big -LRB- my friends describe me as &#34; all bump &#34; -RRB- , I need to wear the small on the smallest hook set . I would recommend this , but I would recommend going by the size chart specified by the manufacturer and not these other reviews .
 I have only had this product a few days now . So far it 's lived up to its expectations . I 'm just starting my third trimester and this is my first baby . I 'm around the 20 to 25 pound weight gain and this product is already helping my back . I bought the medium . It is a little big but I 'm sure I will still be growing for the next three months .
 I use it every time I go to work during my pregnancy . it holds my scrub pant up and I did n't need to by maternity scrubs . love it .
 Although this band is a lot smaller than most belly bands you see in stores and might not seem like it would support well , do n't be fooled ! it is worth every cent ! I 've been using it for almost 2 months now and whenever I forget to wear it , my back pays the price ! It really lifts my growing belly and supports my body . I did order a medium , despite my weight/size , because of all the reviews and it was a good choice ! The medium fits very well , and there is still room for my belly to get even bigger . VERY pleased with this purchase .
 I am 26 weeks along on my 4th pregnancy . I weigh approximately 140 lbs and I am a little under 5,3 &#34; . After reading reviews about the sizing I decided to buy a medium . I have to wear it on the smallest closure but I have room to grow . I think I could have bought a small and it would have worked well also , but I wanted to buy on the larger size just in case . I think how you carry your baby and your body type goes into play when buying this product . I think it is safe to say that buying one size up from where you would be according to the size chart is a good idea.I wish I would have bought this with my last pregnancy because I was in so much pain all the time ! This product lifts and supports your growing belly and takes the pressure off hips and pelvic area immediately ! I ca n't believe the difference it has made for me in the last 24 hours of wearing it ! I even wore it to sleep in because I hurt rolling from side to side almost like my pubic region is broke . I did n't have that last night at all ! Amazing ! My body fells more rested today even though I got the same amount of sleep I normally do . I also noticed a difference walking up my stairs in my home . It normally hurts -LRB- pubic bone -RRB- but I have very little pressure if any today.I would highly recommend this to all those mommys-to-be looking for relief &#34; down under &#34; if you know what I mean ! I really wish I had this before so I did n't have to suffer through all the pain for nothing !
 I bought it at the beginning of my pregnancy and have n't really used it until my 6th month , because I did n't have much of a belly -LRB- people at work did n't notice until I was 6 months ... -RRB- but now I use it all the time . The baby is a very fun one , and he is full of life ... . he hates anything on my belly , and he has previously pushed the elastic of my panties down a couple of inches because apparently it was annoying him . He kicks and kicks until he moves it down . Hillarious . So , the craddle was n't his favorite thing , he was pushing it , and kicking it , and no , it is not tight , it is not meant to be digging into your skin , but my baby is like that.I like that it feels supportive while it does n't feel like you are lifting it , or like you have anything strong pulling it up . I also have something like a panty with a thing craddle around the lower belly and more panty covering the belly . That is not comfortable for me , because I work sitting on a chair 8 hours , and what that thinner piece was doing was to dig in my belly and like fold it down there . It is not comfortable for me sitting , while for a nurse friend it is comfy.This , though , feels great when I sit down because it does exactly the oposite . There is no fold when you are wearing it under your belly . It feels like your belly is perky naturally and it super comfortable . The baby is now used to it , because I decided to be more stubborn than him , and I loved how it feels . It also feels good when walking around , but it makes me want to go to the bathroom more often -LRB- like anything else -RRB- .
 I wore the prenatal mini cradle low on my hips to keep a pregnancy precipitated inguinal hernia from causing pain . It worked really well . As long as I took it off to sit down I did n't have any problems with comfort . When I first got the mini cradle , I was a bit horrified that I could only wear it on the largest of the adjustable eyelet setting -LRB- I was 120 Lb at the time and I think I was 34 weeks pregnant -RRB- . I later realised that it needs to be tight to be effective so it was OK and I 'm glad I bought the petite size - it took me though to the end of my pregnancy . The design could be improved by having more eyelets for adjustable sizing .
 Elastic could be a little firmer , but it is very comfortable - and best of all has no velcro to snag clothes . -LRB- Previous velcro fastening belts have spoilt many garments . -RRB- Good price also , and quick delivery was appreciated .
 I am 37 weeks -LRB- 1st pregnancy -RRB- and had major hip , back and pubic pains when I walked , tried to get up and rolled over in bed . I knew pregnancy had it 's aches and pains , but it was getting ridiculous . After my last Dr. visit and complaining about the aches and pains , I found out I had Pubis Symphysis . My Dr. suggested I see a Orthopedic Specialist and get a maternity/pelvic belt . I do not want to be spending more time at any more Dr. 's visits , so I decided to go for the maternity/pelvic belt route -LRB- I will go to the specialist if it gets really bad -RRB- . I ordered this belt -LRB- in medium -RRB- on Tuesday and got it Thursday . I immediately put it on . I swear to you , my most of my pains went away ! I could walk around easier , get up without struggling and roll over in bed with no pain !!! I ca n't believe how easy I rolled over in bed last night . If you sleep in it , I recommend loosing it a bit so it 's not too tight . All I can say is , Thank goodness after searching the internet , I found this ! I was complaining that I could n't take 3 more weeks of pregnancy , but with this I think I may be able to tolerate these last few weeks without begging to get induced !!!
 I was skeptical that this would work , but having stabbing back pains when I walk and still 2 months to go until my due date I was willing to give anything a try . This has n't completely removed the pain but has helped quite a lot . Since using this product , the pain has really been manageable.A few things I think are worth mentioning ... I 'm glad I read a lot of reviews about the size . I weighed around 135 before pregnant and wore about a size 5-7 jeans . I 'm now 30 weeks pregnant and weigh about 155 . I chose the size medium . I wear it on the tightest notch and it fits well . It 's not super snug , but it stays in place and it 's helping , so I 'm not even sure if it 's supposed to be any tighter . Plus , as I grow over the next few months it will be nice to be able to adjust to the larger size notches . I think if I would have went with the small as recommended it would have been too tight.I read one review saying not to use this in capital letters concerning it being dangerous to the baby . I 've never heard this before , but even if one person had , maybe there was some justification , so I was a little nervous and only wore it for small amounts of time . However , today at an appointment I mentioned the back pain to my midwife and asked if maternity bands were safe and her answer was ` absolutely ' . So now I feel a bit more comfortable wearing it for longer periods . I 'm no professional , but hearing it from my midwife was enough for me to feel better about wearing it all day at work .
 As most other customers recommended , I ordered the larger size -LRB- medium -RRB- and I 'm glad I did . I am 30 weeks and about 165 and I bought the medium . The belt fits on the tightest setting which I am happy about because that leaves plenty on room for growth . I have a small frame and was feeling like I needed some extra support holding up this bump ! The belt does this and has helped alleviate some back pain . Overall , I would recommended thus product but do choose the larger size if you are somewhat close to the next size up .
 I have a bad back , so my OB/GYN recommended some sort of support belt . This was the cheapest option , and it worked like a charm . I liked that it was n't cumbersome , especially since I was pregnant during the summer . I could really tell the difference on days I forgot to put it on . I also like that it 's small enough to roll up and stick in a drawer to wait for number 2 ! I barely made it to the low end on the weight range , but it worked perfect for me on the smallest setting and I did n't have to move to the middle setting until the last couple of weeks of pregnancy . If you think you 're going to be on the upper end of the weight it lists , go up in size , for sure .
 I ordered the large based on reviews and my actual pant size . Turns out , it was a little too big . I know the poundage is inaccurate -LRB- I only weighed 160 when I purchased it , not the 226 + as indicated -RRB- , so actual inches would have been a better way to size . I stitched the excess to shrink it and it feels great ! My lower back and pubic bone pain is nearly gone . The large belt is a total of about 46 '' long with the tightest hooks beginning at 38 '' and 31/2 '' in between hooks . It 's a very sturdy , yet comfortable belt , I like to wear it over my pants when possible but is comfortable enough to have on bare skin . You ca n't go wrong for the price and performance . Hopefully this helps a bit in your hunt for comfort : -RRB-
 Well , I am 23 weeks with my second . Little did I knew sciatic is exited in this world lol , I only work PT since I already have a 3 years old at home . But that still alot of work for me , things got worse last week , the pains . It 's very bad that I would never wanted to experience them again , I would do anything to stay on my two feed and not sit on the couach or on bed-rest -LRB- that 's what my OBGYN told me if my sciatic wo n't get any better in 4 days -RRB- . This belly band -LRB- Yes -RRB- it 's helps me so much , I am wearing it right now as I am typing this . And no I hate review/writing commnets about things I bough or used . . but I have to , since I am sure this review would help another woman to decides to get this belly band . . Motherhood would cost me $ 29 before taxes ... so Amazon is my BFF : -RRB- Thank you to whoever that created this belly band '' you save me from being on bedrest '' .
 Im 32 weeks pregnant -LRB- 8 months -RRB- and i had bad cramping from my round ligiment pain for the past 3 weeks . It turns out my son is VERY VERY VERY low lying which was causing TONS of stress on my ligiments which in turn causes painful cramping . I asked my midwife is there anything natural i could do instead of taking medicean for the pain and she reccomanded me getting a belly band or support band to take the stress off my ligiments.I did n't want to spend an arm and a leg on something that i would only use for about 2 months so i went on Amazon.com . Here i found an EXCELLENT belly band that came more options then XS-M which i had been running into . It even came at a great price.After i got it within 3 business days -LRB- it was delivered on a saturday , ordered on a thursday -RRB- i popped it on and my cramping VANISHED in 10 minutes . I FELT AMAZING . It 's VERY VERY comfortable , i always forget its on , VERY true to size , the large i got was a tad big which was great just in case i had to grow a little more , and machine washable . It has clamps like a bra and you can put it on with a left or right hand . It does n't sweat or put any strain on your stomach and it DOES support your back . My back pain vanished as well.I spent a day out with it on . No one noticed it was under my dress , and no one could feel it when they rubbed my stomach . I did n't have to stop because of cramping and it was so comfortable . I even slept in it that night which relieved pressure on my sore sides.I recommand this to ANYONE with back , side , lower stomach or ligiment pains . THIS IS NOT A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
 This belt eases back pain but only when you are using it while standing . It 's so painful to sit or drive while using it
 A few weeks ago i started having pelvic and inner thigh pain . My doctor put me on bed rest for 5 days and told me i needed a maternity belt to help support my back and legs . I started looking and found this belt and i absolutely LOVE it ! As soon as i put it on i felt the difference . I can kiss back and pelvic pain goodbye ! I highly recommend it ! But yes you have to order it 1 size bigger . I ordered M and it fits just right . Thank you for your reviews ! you have saved me from bed rest and i can go back to my daily routine ! : -RRB-
 this band is great because it is not huge , can be covered by tank tops or long tops . I have used it over the belly panels in bottoms & folded the panel over it to cover it . I notice the difference without it - PAST my due date now ! - & it really supports the belly weight , relieving pressure & preventing swelling & varicose veins . I move it up on the belly a bit more for more support at times as well . It is a great price for the function . Just gets so dirty ... wish these were made in black or brown !
 I bought this support when I was 5 months pregnant . It did n't do much for me at that time but now that I 'm 8 months pregnant , I ca n't go a day without it . It gives me extra support without feeling bulky or weird . I have n't tried any of the other belts , so I ca n't compare . But I like it because it 's relatively lightweight , easy to put on , does n't show under my clothes and gives me just enough support so I do n't feel like my stomach is going to fall on the ground when I 'm walking .
 Have a fast paced laborious job and was having back pain every day . I have had zero back pain since I got the belt , I ca n't work without it . I read the reviews of other women that said to go one size up and I am very glad I did . I fit into the small category but the medium fits like it was made for me .
 I bought the mini cradle belt on my 5th month as I started to get some pelvic pressure from my baby and wow ! ... this little thing made it so much easier to walk around throughout the day . Without this , I would get to sore and tired after walking 15 minutes and after getting this , I was able to be all day shopping...non-stop and plus traveling 4hours in car just like a dream . I agree with others about the size charting being off , I followed the advice from others and worked well for me . However , I must say that now that I 'm in my 37 week , I feel it has lost a little of its strength , probably because I use it very often . I worked around this problem by just removing the stitches of one of the three holders and re-sewing it at a bit tighter position , and now is again like brand new . So happy I bought this , it is discrete and super compact , can be easily kept in my purse ... highly recommended
 I read a ton of reviews before purchasing , and went with the small . I am 5 ' 3 '' and 105lbs -LRB- size petite 0 or 2 -RRB- pre-pregnancy . Currently , at 36 weeks I am at 140 and the small still fits on the middle closure . Maybe when I drop the largest closure will fit , but until then , I ca n't foresee needing that . I 'm `` all belly '' . This really helps when i get cramping / braxton hicks from over activity and keeps baby off my bladder . Love that . I find it 's comfortable and i can wear it all day w/o trouble.The one critique I have , and many others have mentioned it , it does n't make sense why the closures are spaced so far apart . It would make more sense to add a few more than three sizing options set a few inches apart.Otherwise , for the price and the overall product , it 's worth the money .
 it helps me alot but everytime that i will sit down , its kinda irritating . its kinda hard so i have to remove it . its only good when ur standing
 30 weeks and the pressure on my pelvic area and back made walking very uncomfortable . I needed support for work , sleep and yoga . I purchased this one for work since the band width is discrete . Wore it today and wowsers ... . it lifts the belly up a bit relieving the pressure and pain !! It also provides enough constraint that my back is supported . I wear this over a cami so that I can use it daily without needing to wash often . It stays put and does n't interfere with pulling pants up & down for the repetitive bathroom trips : -RRB- I purchased a full belly band that is flexible for yoga which provides support but does n't restrict . For sleeping , walking , and lounging around the house , I purchased the Gabrialla maternity belt since it has a very wide back support.For the price and the results , you should buy this ! I went with the recommendation of buying a size up and glad I did . I 'm 5 ' 5 pre-preg 112 and currently 145 . I purchased the medium and it fits nicely on the tightest setting which will give me some room to grow with it . I 'm knocking one start because the distance between the adjustable widths are spaced out too far . It would be helpful if there were in between clasps or if they were closer together .
 Began using the Mini Cradle about 3 weeks ago after suffering from severe round ligament pain and pulled muscles after being on my feet for 12 hour shifts . It has really helped support my growing tummy/uterus and helps absorb a lot of movement from my constant walking . I have n't had a ton of back pain yet during the pregnancy -LRB- I 'm 30 weeks now -RRB- but maybe thats because I 've been wearking the Mini Cradle for a month !! Either way , it is kind of a pain to wear the mini cradle for 12 + hours at a time , but when I 'm home and can take it off I REALLY notice a difference in the pelvic , round ligament , and abdominal muscle pain that I was having before . The muscle aches have n't totally gone away , but have vastly improved!I 'd recommend this to anyone who 's been bothered by strained abdominal muscles and/or round ligament pain due to being on your feet for long periods of time !
 The mini cradle provides all the support I could have asked for in my final months of pregnancy . Good product , speedy service from amazon .
 I was in the weight range for the small , but it was too tight even on the largest setting . Its great though , I would definitely recommend it , just buy 1 size bigger than you think you need based on your weight .
 I highly recommend this product . I 'm currently 31 weeks pregnant with twins and honestly do n't leave home without it . This is my second pregnancy and has been VERY different from being pregnant with just one baby . The mini cradle provides a lot of support and takes some of the pressure off of my lower half , which makes moving about easier .
 I just received my belly belt -LRB- as I like to call it -RRB- in the mail today and whipped it right out of the box to put it on . I should start by saying that I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and in my 34th week , at about 38 lbs and based on other reviewers suggestions , I ordered the medium . Glad I did . I have it on the smallest setting which will leave me a little wiggle room as I get bigger . I 'm not sure what I expected from this belt , maybe a miracle . I do n't feel a lot different , but I 'm not sure what I thought I would feel like . I think it might be helping with my posture so far and could be supporting my belly better than if I was n't wearing one at all , but all in all , I would n't call it a miracle worker . Maybe as I get bigger and wear it more often I 'll come to appreciate it more . For now , I guess I 'm glad I bought it and I 'll just have to see how it goes . I definitely recommend getting one size up , though , as has been suggested by others .
 This is one of the best products I bought throughout my pregnancy . I was getting round ligament pains , and the mini cradle took care of all of the pain . I actually wore it on the outside of my maternity pants to help keep them from sliding down . The size was a little small when I got it . I was n't sure if I could use it at 9 months pregnant , but it stretched nicely , and I used it right up until the end . I would n't have been able to make it through without it !
 I am so glad i got it now!Im 24 weeks along , and just started to show a few weeks ago.My belly grew drastically over the last month.I love the feel of the belt , and the support it provides to my back.I opted for size S - -LRB- I was size 4 pre pregnancy -RRB- - it fits me perfectly , and have plenty of room for expansion .
 I read all the reviews and ordered a size up - Dumb mistake . The whole point of these bands is that they sit BELOW your bump and are very snug -LRB- not constricting , but enough to actually do something - otherwise why are you buying it ? -RRB- . I am 5 ' 7 '' and 155 lbs -LRB- 135 lbs before pregnancy -RRB- and I ordered the medium based on other reviews here , even though I am in the range for a small . It is no where close to fitting . On the tightest setting it is looser than the elastic in my maternity jeans . I was really looking forward to this being in my 8th month , but it is ridiculously loose . The elastic is SUPER-stretchy , so even though it `` fits '' -LRB- as in , it does n't fall off my body -RRB- it is not at all capable of doing it 's job . It just sits there . It seems like a good quality belt . For those who are interested it is 3 inches wide.Trust the size guide people !!!!
 The size charts never really work for me . Pre-pregnancy I was 137 lbs and a size 2 -LRB- ish -RRB- smaller at times . But I am 6ft tall -- very lean . So I bought the SMALL . I happen to be carrying smaller than most . BUT I have scoliosis and back pain ... and also had pressure and achiness when walking or standing for long periods so thought to give this a try . Straight out the box I had to hook it on the second tightest hook ... but that was a bit loose for me still . . and the tighest hook is around 3 inches away and woudl be too tight at this point -LRB- will get there soon though as the betl stretches out . -RRB- I think my plan of cutting off the first notch and re-attaching it in the middle of the next two hook sets will work . From what I see ... the petite belt woudl have worked best . I am now 24weeks . Have gained 8 lbs total ... but am still small . I guess it will fit well by month 7 , 8 or 9 ? It has INDEED allowed me to walk a bit more now -LRB- as I do LIKE my long walks ! -RRB- and to get on my elliptical without the crazy pressure down below ... so the purchase was worth it for me!NOTE TO MANUFACTURER
 Overall , this is a good product . It 's affordable , not bulky , easy to use , not obvious under clothing , and most importantly , decreased the horrible pelvic pain I started feeling in my 3rd trimester . After wearing this for a week , the pain has lessened and I 'm able to more easily stand and walk -LRB- or waddle as the case may be -RRB- . It does n't start to feel annoying/itchy/constricting until after a full day 's worth of sitting at work . It does n't need to be removed during bathroom trips . A note on sizing
 I am so glad I purchased this at 20 weeks . I am now 28 weeks and feel sore all over if I go a day with out it . I am 5 ' 4 '' with a petite build but I grow a baby straight out . I 'm all baby belly so this belt really helps to hold everything in one place . I was able to continue running longer with this belt and now I wear it on all my daily walks . Recommend ! I bought a size medium and usually wear a 4 or 6 pants .
 I am 5 ' 6 '' and 147 lbs , 29 weeks along . I ordered the medium , too large now but adequate in the tightest setting and should fit perfectly in another 2 weeks . This seems like a solid product with enough compression , and the most discrete design for working moms . It would get an extra star if the product could be found in black for total discretion . Unfortunately the slim profile that is the best design feature also works to create a bit of muffin top , still preferable to a bulkier material that would look more lumpy under clothes . Sitting down with band does cause belly to lift , which will probably feel uncomfortable soon , but so will an increasingly drooping belly .
 I purchased this mini support -LRB- size small -RRB- from my OB 's office in 2008 when pregnant with my first daughter . They suggested a small , and I thought that was crazy at the time , but it fit perfectly and provided AWESOME support . Its like two extra hands immediately cradling your belly-it really reduces the strain on the lower abdominal muscles . For that pg , I was 5 ' 6 '' and 140 lbs . pre-pregnancy , and a pant size 6 or 8 . For this pregnancy , I purchased the same support and it arrived today . Same reaction -- I wish I had gotten it earlier ! This time , I was 150 lbs . pre-pregnancy , and a pant size 8 or 10 . Today , I 'm 24 weeks and 162 lbs. , and I can comfortably wear the middle setting on a size small . I know a lot of people 's reviews complained about the sizing being off , but for me , the manufacturer 's sizing was right on . Also , keep in mind that this is supposed to fit low and snug -LRB- assuming abdominal ligament support is what you 're going for -RRB- . I mean lower and more snugly than you would think , at least according to my OB last pg and my midwife this pregnancy.Here are the size rec 's from the label : Size / Pre-PG Pant Size / Current WeightPetite / 0-5 / 90-135 lbs.Small / 6-12 / 136-180 lbs.Med / 13-18 / 181-225 lbs.Lrg / 20-28 / 226-270 lbs.The other thing I love is the hook-and-eye closure -LRB- like a bra -RRB- , rather than velcro . I ca n't stand the mess velcro makes on its own fabric and anything else it gets near . When I washed my last one , I machine washed it -LRB- cold/delicate -RRB- and then hung it dry . It was in good enough shape to pass on to a friend , although now I wish I 'd kept it for a back up !
 This was the most useful piece of my maternity wardrobe . I wore my mini-cradle all day everyday beginning mid-second trimester , and it helped alleviate the backache and fatigue caused by my ever-increasing baby bump . The prenatal mini-cradle is slim enough that I could wear it under my business casual work clothes as well as with my jeans.The prenatal mini-cradle gets credit for my not having a single stretch mark -- together with the Gabrialla maternity support belt that I wore while exercising , the Bellaband that I wore during my first trimester and then with the mini-cradle later in my pregnancy , and copious amounts of Bio-Oil . I agree that the sizing is off . I am 5 ' 4 '' who weighed 151 lbs at 40 weeks and carried very low , and based on other reviews I purchased a size medium , which was almost too big . I began by wearing it on the smallest hook and eye closure and never needed to move to larger setting , so I probably could have worn a size small.Besides the sizing the only other con is that the mini-cradle only comes in white , which gets dingy with repeated washings . I really would have liked a beige or nude tone .
 I am currently 190 lb , was 179 at beginning of pregnancy/was a size 14 ... I have the size Medium and it 's a good fit and I have room for more growing with it , as I am on the middle of three bra like clasp settings . But I am sure if the size was off they 'd let you trade it in for a different size.I am a CNA -LRB- nurse assistant -RRB- . When I work , I am on my feet for 8 hours ... . on pharmacy run days I am literally not getting time to sit down and rest . I had round ligament pain , and pubic symphysis -LRB- fancy word for pain in the front pubic area also -RRB- ... all that and only at 20 weeks ... mostly after long work days and during growth spurts ... So I bought this on a whim . It 's been a real lifesaver . It is n't too bulky , nobody notices when I wear it and I do n't feel like I am in a body cast , but it 's really helped reduce the pains I have when walking and working so much . It gives me confidence , because as a first time pregnant woman little aches and pains scare me sometimes . Occasionally after a large meal I 'll adjust which clasp I choose.I do n't usually review items but , I feel like this is a real gem for someone who is walking alot , working alot -LRB- some of us have to huh :p -RRB- ... . I do n't use it everyday , just for those times and it helps ... . now if only they had something for my poor feet : -RRB-
 It has helped me through my pregnancy but there should be more hooks as you grow . I find that when I 'm in between it 's a couple of weeks before I can wear it again so I sewed velcro in between to get more out of the product . After I purchased this I saw one similar at Motherhood that was slim like this but black with velcro I believe that I would have gotten instead . The white is just so undergarmenty-looking especially if it happened to show at the gym or something . Eek ! Anyway , I got this in my 2nd trimester & I am now in my third . I am small-started out as a size zero & 100 lbs . & am up to 120ish . I got a small based on comments I saw I think it was a good fit for me as it will fit me at each stage -LRB- minus the weeks in between if you ca n't fit in between hooks -RRB- . I got it to help relieve bladder pressure when I was walk/running & it helped .
 I ordered this item along with another style of maternity belt . Even though this one seemed much more basic compared to the other , it did the trick ... I work in healthcare and am on my feet for most of the the day . I started to have some minor back pain & heaviness/tightness in my low abd/upper pelvic area at the beginning of my 3rd trimester . This really helped take the load off a bit and keeps me comfortable through my work day . I followed the sizing directions , ordered a Large size . I am about 5 ' 8 '' and 210 -LRB- beginning 3rd trimester -RRB- , and this fit well on the tightest setting ... with two larger options for my growing bump !
 I am only 151 lbs at 61/2 months but the small is almost too small . The small is supposed to be for up to 180 lbs . By the end of the day , I do n't fit the small anymore . I ordered the medium but am keeping the small since it provides me with great support until about the afternoon . Hopefully the medium will fits better .
 This little belt has been a HUGE help . At 33 weeks I began to have low pelvic pain and pressure so bad that i could barely stand ... much less walk . I 'm so glad that I trusted the reviews and ordered it overnight . I feel so so much better wearing this belt and have regained a lot of my lost mobility . Nothing other than delivery is going to completely eliminate back and pelvic pain , but please believe that this belt makes it much much less noticeable . Every mother in her 3rd trimester can benefit from this little bit of magic .
 This is my second preg and this time I got sciatica and bad ligament pains around 26 weeks . I started wearing the mini cradle and the next day the sciatica was gone and the ligament pain was significantly reduced . I wear it every day and only take it off to sleep and coincidentally , night time is when I have the worst ligament pain.My only issue is that I started out fitting the middle hooks on the small and now should really use the last hooks but they are so close to the end of the belt that u really cant use them . Ill have to get a medium for my last eight weeks .
 what a terrific belly bra !! i wore it walking around at the carnival and i was able to out walk my husband!here are some things i discovered : - normally , if i walk or stand for 20 to 30 minutes my back will ache the rest of the day and i have to take a warm bath to alleviate the pain ... but not this time ! after wearing the belly bra to the carnival , the only things that ache were my legs and feet . the next morning , i felt NO BACKACHE !! just sore legs and feet ! this shows me the band really helps ! - it will be hard to sit when the band is on
 I have only used this one time , but it worked very well . I got lower abdominal pain , cramps , aches , and also back aches when walking even just 15 minutes starting at about 14 weeks or so during my 2nd pregnancy . When I was 19 weeks we had a trip to the zoo planned and I didnt know how I would manage . I bought this and I was able to walk a few hours with no pain in my back or belly . Looks are decieving , you wouldnt think a small band that goes just around your lower belly would provide so much support , but it does . I agree with other reviewers to size up if you are in the middle to end of weight recommendation . I was only about 111 lbs . at 19 weeks , so I bought the petite and though it fit , I was using almost to the last notch on the belt . -LRB- in between 2nd and 3rd notch would have been perfect -RRB- There are 3 notches spaced quite widely apart , so even using a small I would have been fine and had lots of room to grow . I dont think the petite would have carried me through the entire pregnancy , but luckily I wasnt up on my feet much so I didnt need to use it really . Also , if you wear tight shirts , it will show through . I wore a loose maternity top when I wore it and you couldnt tell at all.Its not comfie to be sitting in , but I dont think anybody needs it while sitting anyway
 I initially ordered a medium based on previous customer reviews about the sizing . It fit but was too loose to actually offer any support . I returned it and reordered a small . Yesterday was the first day I wore it all day , on my feet , at work and it made a HUGE difference . My back pain was barely there by the end of the day.The item has 3 different sets of hooks to adjust to the proper size and allow for room to grow . It would be very helpful if they posted some sizing recommendations in inches instead of just weight . I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and carry weight ALOT different than someone who is shorter .
 i bought the prenatal cradle because of pain i was having i started using the cradle as soon as i got it and the pain has subsided if not completely gone away .
 I read all the other reviews before ordering mine , but I ended up ordering the size as listed by the manufacturer 's chart . I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and pre-pregnancy I was a slim size 8 tall , with hips . I gained about 60 lbs with my first pregnancy , dropped all but 10 lbs within first six months post partum . Then , got pregnant again . I am currently 34 weeks pregnant with baby # 2 , have high amniotic fluid which means my belly is very heavy , but have gained just 7-15 lbs this pregnancy so far . However , ALL of the weight is in my belly , so I definitely needed more support to stop the feeling that my belly may very well fall-right-off-my-body . I ordered a size Medium , since the majority of the reviews listed say to order UP . I thought I 'd be safe ordering a Medium thinking I 'm on the very low end of the size guidelines . The chart says to go based off your CURRENT weight , so I figured I 'd order this size and possibly have a little more room to grow in the next few weeks.I am currently wearing the cradle and it is barely small enough . I have it on the smallest setting , but I wish I could tighten it maybe one or two settings tighter . I should have ordered the Small . I wear the cradle on the lower part of my bump , with the back of the cradle about two inches higher , nearly at my natural waistline in the back . It is offering some relief , but I believe it would be more relieving if I had ordered a size smaller.I agree with a previous reviewer that the cradle is more comfortable if you hook it , then shift the hooks to the side instead of wearing the hooks in the front of the belly.SHIPPING
 Altura 5.2 , peso antes de embarazo 113 lbrs . Compre talla S y que bien porque petite size hubiera sido muy completa . Estoy de 7 meses y medio y la uso en el segundo ganchillo , a&uacute;n hay espaci&oacute; para cuando crezca m&aacute;s mi barriga . Muy conveniente y c&oacute;moda .
 Around 33 weeks I started to notice round liagment pain more when I 'd walk so I wanted to get a support belt for the remaining weeks of pregnancy . -LRB- Especially for walking and exercising -RRB- I read all the reviews on the sizing of this band - I almost ordered a medium based on what everyone was saying . But I settled on ordering a small . My pre-pregnancy pant size was a 0 but I 've gained about 39lbs putting my weight on the low end of the current weight range for the small band . I 'm now 35 weeks pregnant and wear the band on the smallest setting . This is my first pregnancy , so I 'm not sure how much larger my bump will become over the last few weeks . The small does fit , but I sometimes think that I maybe could have purchased the petite because I feel like the elasticity of the band might become lose . Overall though , I 'm happy with this product ! I do enjoy the support it gives while I 'm exercising , running errands or cleaning the house .
 Glad I got this . I 'm a teacher - on my feet all day . Really helps with back pain & my swelling feet . Overall - very comfortable & hides under clothing .
 After reading everyone 's reviews about how they wish they would have ordered one size up , I changed from a M to a L. It 's too loose ! Order the size you wear . They are not mis sized .
 I just got this in yesterday and read many reviews before I purchased . So far , I am very pleased . One thing that I would recommend is DEFINITELY buy a bigger size . The size chart is WAY off . I am 21 weeks pregnant with twins and currently 152lbs . The size chart recommended a small , but after reading reviews i ordered a medium and glad i did . I am wearing the medium on the tightest setting and its perfect ! Conceals nicely under clothes and very comfortable . Looking forward to seeing if it reduces my back pain over the next week : -RRB-
 The doc told my wife to get this one , and so far she loves it . very good price compared to other retailers .
 This belly belt saved me during the last half of my pregnancy . I think at my largest I was 47 &#34; around the lower part of my belly .
 I was happy with the price and especially with how it has bra like hooks NOT velcro , like many more expensive brands ! It hides well under clothes and supported me well .
 After reading several other reviews about this running small , I ordered the Large -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 5 , 180-ish lbs normally , plus 30 + for pregnancy ... -RRB- but wish I would have ordered one size smaller . This one fits me on the tightest hooks , and not knowing how much larger I 'd get during pregnancy , I wanted to be more safe than sorry . In hindsight , I 'd recommend ordering whatever size you are around your 7th month and hold on to the packaging so you can exchange it for a different size if needed . It really does relieve some of the weight on your back though !
 I read the reviews of this product and I was a little skeptical . I got a small size . I am petite and it is a little big but there are 3 levels to adjust . it worked for me fir the price I paid during last week s of pregnancy
 The prenatal cradle is really good ! It really does support back and lift stomach ! Its jus a lil uncomfortable with clothes ! Other than that its good !!
 I purchased this item for my daughter for a first time pregnancy , she was having some difficulty handling the added weight and expansion of her belly , her doctor advised her to get a a cradle belt . I located this belt on the Amazon site and it was reasonably priced . Well my daughter found it helpful and indicated that it provided her with relief . So long as she was happy with the product , then I am satisfied .
 the size scale is very accurate but it did n't really help much for me , i had a lot more issues then uncomfortable heaviness .
 I ordered one for my wife and she really likes it . . BUT ... take note that the size is one size too small . She 's about 140 ish and 5ft 6 '' and I got here the medium size on . She used the tightest setting for the belt and it works well .
 I began to get lower back aches in my 7th month of pregnancy . My chiropractor recommended getting a support belt -LRB- like this one -RRB- . After reading the reviews for this product -LRB- and liking the price -RRB- I decided to order it . I feel as if it gives just the right amount of support without being constricting . I definitely feel the difference now when I forget to put it on ! I purchased a small and weighed about 138lbs in my 7th month . I do think the sizing is a bit off on this product . I ca n't imagine someone over 150lbs being able to wear a small as I am already on the last hook and I am about 143lbs now in my 8th month .
 I am very pleased with this band . In my first pregnacy , I found myself needing additional support during my workouts . I purchased a very wide support belt with velcro . It was extremely uncomfortable during workouts because of it 's stiff structure . I through it away after my son was born . Now , I 'm pregnant with my second baby , and needed another support band for working out . This band is so comfortable . Sometimes I forget that its even there . I like the elastic support , which my previous support belt did n't have . I also like the fact that it 's not too wide . It 's perfect in width . You can wear it under clothes without it being too noticeable . I am 6 months pregnant and have a medium band . I 'm currently weighing in at about 160 lbs . The medium fits very comfortably and I think it will be ok for the remainder of the pregnancy . As others have stated in their previous posts , had I gone with the small , it probably would have been too tight and not lasted my entire pregnancy .
 I bought this when I was 20 weeks pregnant and started having horrible round ligament pain and pelvic pressure . This helped take the weight off some . I liked that it was thinner than the belly bands I already owned , though those worked well , too.I agree with previous criticisms regarding the sizing . I bought a medium instead of a small based on manufacturer 's recommendations . The belt was a little loose at 20 weeks , but at 22 weeks is working fine . I think maybe buying the small and the medium might be a good option for some . They are cheap enough that you could do that .
 it helped a bit , but the stitching on the hook and eye closures wasnot secure and started to pull out the first time I wore it .
 I love this little band . I began using it in the beginning of my pregnancy to provide support for my lower belly pains . Now I find relief wearing the band for hip support later in pregnancy . Some days my hips feel so loose it hurts to walk , then I wear the band and it seems to help hold my hips in place and relieve some of the pain . I like that I can easily take it off when I 'm out and about and slip it into my purse since it folds up small.My only complaints are that it presses against my bladder and makes me feel like I have to go to the bathroom all the time . So I wear it mostly while I 'm walking around since its not so bad standing . I also would prefer if it came in a black color so it would blend in with my clothes .
 One of the best maternity purchases made . I wore this every day , especially around the house or when wearing non-maternity clothes . I carried low and all of my gained weight gain seemed to be front and center . I really needed the support to help relieve pressure and the feeling of my skin stretching . It seemed to help lower back pain , too . It is super soft on the inside and really easy to use . It was firm yet had lots of give . I adjusted the position based on how I was feeling and it always stayed in place . Sometimes when I was sitting I would feel pressure under my bump and if it was bothering me I would simply pull the band over the top of my belly . Not noticeable under my cloths , but I do not wear lots of super snug clothes , either . Hard to believe that such a simple elastic band could do so much good , but it really does !
 I 've had it for about a week . I actually ordered a size medium based on other reviews , even though I fit squarely in the size small weight range . Well , they sent a small ! But it 's very fortuitous because the small fits well . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' , was about 130 before the pregnancy , and I 'm about 155 now , at 6 months pregnant . I 'm wearing it on the smallest setting and it fits great , so I think it will work well for the rest of the pregnancy . I think some of the confusion about sizing depends on how your weight is distributed . I would say , if you are a tall , lean sort of person , follow the manufacturer 's guidelines , because your weight is more spread out and you 're likely to be less big around , thus allowing you to fit into the smaller size . Just my thoughts , anyway.My problem is that my baby is sooo low and pressing down on everything , so I 'm wearing the band to help hold everything up and relieve pressure on my groin and hips . I 've been wearing it for a week , and it 's decreased my pain dramatically . I can go almost the whole day without any significant hip or groin pain , as long as I do n't overexert myself , whereas without the band I was experiencing pain soon after waking up . I 'm going to wear this thing until I deliver ! Thankful for it !
 All I have to say is that my wife loves it . She is about 7 months pregnant and does n't go anywhere without it . Makes her life easy , she 's happy , I 'm happy . Need I say more .
 According to the sizing instructions on the package , I should have ordered a Petite if I based my size on the pre-pregnancy clothing size . If I ordered based on my current pregnancy weight , I should have ordered a Small . However , based on the reviews , I ordered the Medium and I am glad I did . The medium fits perfectly on the middle setting . It will definitely fit me for the duration of my pregnancy . Sizing glitches aside , this belt does exactly as it promises . My back feels less pressure when wearing this belt . I wish there were more hooks in between for a more customized fit . Still , the price is very reasonable and much less than other maternity belts . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this maternity belt when I was 28 weeks pregnant with my third child . It greatly reduced back and belly strain and made moving much more comfortable again . The price is amazing for what you are getting ! The belt is very strong and closes securely . It was very easy to conceal under clothing too . The only reason I gave this 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the sizing . I am a very petite person -LRB- 90 lbs pre-pregnancy , currently 111 lbs at 32 weeks pregnant -RRB- so I bought the petite sized belt . At 28 weeks I was already on the largest setting and am now too large to fit the belt at 32 weeks . I am going to purchase the next size up because I think an extra $ 15 is worth the benefits provided by the belt , but save yourself the trouble and just order the next largest size in the first place .
 Without this belt , I would n't be able to get around . I seemed to be the definition of `` all belly '' . All of my weight gain is basically in the one spot and I 'm pretty skinny -LRB- was a size 0-1 before pregnancy -RRB- . Without the belt , my sciatica and round ligament pain make it extremely painful to walk for more than 5 minutes . This belt lets me get around ALL day with no pain ! I would recommend taking the belt off when sitting for long periods though . It 's not that comfortable and I do n't think the baby likes it when I have it on while sitting either . I would use a judgment call on that one .
 I bought this belt in a medium . My pre-pregnancy weight was 164 -LRB- size 10 -RRB- . I am now 33 weeks -LRB- with # 4 -RRB- and weigh 185 . I wear the belt on the tightest setting . I bought it with the purpose of using it for running . My last run was at 32 weeks . It was very helpful . I now find myself wearing it daily and have less round ligament pain and less cramping . For $ 15 it is well worth the money .
 After reading the reviews about sizing I was a little nervous about ordering the medium . I 'm currently 29 weeks pregnant , 5 ' 7 '' tall and 190 pounds and the medium belt fits great . I currently use in on the middle setting and I think the largest setting should accommodate future growth just fine . After wearing it during times when I 'm on my feet a lot for the last 4 days I 've noticed a marked decrease in sacroiliac and pubic bone pain . Also , the belt has the added bonus of helping hold up my pants when the panel gets stretched out !
 This product provides gentle support in the third trimester and was very helpful in relieving discomfort of extra belly weight . It also is helping with C-Section recovery for me , and makes walking around more comfortable . It does n't fold or roll , and I ordered a size larger than I thought I would need , as many reviewers suggested . It was almost too large during pregnancy , but works perfectly post-surgery -LRB- because of all the post-partum fluid retention . I 'm glad I made this purchase , even though I bought it at 36 weeks ! Wish I 'd bought it sooner .
 I love this belt , it is the perfect support for my belly . I am currently 25 weeks with my third child and have been experiencing pain in abdomen from the weight . I would put my hands underneath my belly to hold it up and I knew I needed a product that would do the same . This belt was the perfect solution . It is lightweight and small , when I am standing I can easily forget that I have it on . I read previous reviews on the belt and decided to go a size larger which was perfect , right now I am fitting on the 1st set of hooks and I have room to grow as I get bigger . The belt does become uncomfortable when sitting and it would be great to have extra hooks in between so I just might add my own . I recommended this product to a friend of mine who tried it on and said it works great for her too . I will definately continue to recommend this to friends .
 I bought this belt as I started getting lots of lower pelvic pain and pressure at around 28 weeks . I 've been wearing it on and off and definitely notice a difference when I wear it . I do n't feel as bad as the end of the day ... The only reason it did not get five stars is that there is such a big space between the fasteners ... the outer fastener is a little too loose and the inner fastener is a little too tight . If there was one in between , it would be perfect ! Still worth it !
 This little gizmo works great ! I have some days where my lower abdomen and back just hurt and I pop this on and instant relief ! I 'm only 32 weeks at this point but I can see how over the next 2 months this will be a great reliever of pain and discomfort ! It 's unobtrusive and does n't really show which is a big bonus ! Plus it did n't have all the extra doo dads that some of the others did which is great as I am in Florida and it gets hot !
 I really like this belly support . I am glad that I read other reviews and ordered a size larger . I really makes a difference in how I feel by the end of the day . Wish I would have had it for my first pregnancy .
 I tried other belts and they were uncomfortable . This one is great because it is slimmer and has hooks instead of velcro that sticks to your cloth and underwear.I weight 160 lbs and 23 weeks along ; size Med fits perfectly .
 I feel that I must write a review on this product . Pre-pregnancy I was a 00p size frame , 98 lbs and now at week 34 , I am 127 lbs . According to the chart , I should have ordered a petite and I am actually very glad that I did n't . I ordered a small and I could barely hook at the middle one and it 's basically impossible to hook the tightest one . So if you plan to order it , please do order one size up because the sizing chart is not accurate.I read other reviews saying that it 's very painful to sit with the belt on , to me it 's not too bad . And for walking , it does make me feel a lot more comfortable because it lifts up your belly with much better support . I will definitely wear it everyday from now on .
 I followed the suggestion of other reviewers saying that one size bigger than the indicated by the chart would be a good idea . It works perfectly . I completely tolerate this belt during the whole day . It does n't squeeze anything and still offers the firm support so needed . I am very happy , especially because it is not expensive , and it works as well , or better than other more expensive options that I tried before .
 High Risk pregnancy and a short Seriks , but this belt so far is holding the baby in place even though Dr said it 's a said 30 % chance of premature labor . . we need 39 weeks now it 's 30 weeks . .
 I strained my pubic symphysis ligament . . needless to say it caused a great deal of pain . I looked at several maternity belts via their reviews and this one just seemed to fit the bill . I like that it is small and easy to put on and take off . It 's not scratchy so I can put it on directly against my skin instead of having to put it over my maternity pants , etc. . . therefore avoiding having to take it on and off when urinating -LRB- which we pregnant women do often -RRB- . Based on other reviews I went up to the next size because everyone seemed to say it ran small . I am 5 ' 5 '' and 190 pounds at 33 weeks pregnant . I ordered the large even though I was sized for a medium . I have to put the belt on the tightest notch and even that seems a little roomy . I think I could 've gone for a medium pretty easily . However I am expecting to grow more so I am keeping the large with room to grow ! :-RRB- I do feel supported without feeling like it is squishing me or the baby . Overall for the price and ease of use I would recommend this product .
 Just got the item today in a size medium and am very happy with my purchase . I wish I would have bought it sooner . Very Comfy and supportive . I was unsure whether to buy a size small or medium but ended up getting a medium and am happy I did . It fits well and has room for me to grow . I also received the item within 3 days of ordering which was great . Great item , great price !
 I carry very low , so I thought it would help to get any extra support . I do feel a difference when I am on my feet for an extended period of time and am very glad I bought this product.I do think it runs a bit smaller than I had expected , but still fit in to the recommended size .
 I usually am not one to write reviews , but I have to say this product is really a life saver ! I am 8 months pregnant and was getting really uncomfortable with the weight of my belly . This totally did the trick ! I went back to walking every day and it was so nice to have that extra support . Sizing was a little confusing based on the other reviews . I am 5 ' 5 '' and weigh 181 lbs at least for the moment , anyway . Since I was on the low end of the scale for a Medium that is what I ordered and can use the middle hook just fine with room for a little growth . Now I can walk around without carrying my belly with my hands ! Too cool !
 Love this ! Better then the medula ! Like that it 's not Velcro . Really gives great support . Totally recommend . Weigh 165 and got medium . Fits great
 I was pregnant from late 2010 until May 2011 . My back was killing me and I wanted to continue walking.This thing helped me do this . It put the weight where I needed to carry it , particularly when it came to exercise , walking and standing . It was discrete and very comfortable.I would suggest it to anyone who is having a lot of back pain due to large weight gain -LRB- I gained 40lbs ! -RRB- .
 This is a great product , not only for relief of back pain but also for relief of muscle / stretching pain in your abdominal .
 This thing is great for those last heavy days of pregnancy and serves the dual purpose of keeping the belly propped up and the open zipper from being too obvious . It would be great if it came in black , but white worked fine for me as well .
 when my belly really started getting big , I needed the extra support because it was getting heavy !! This `` belt '' does do the trick . I did have to adjust the clasps because if I used the center clasps , it 'd be too tight , if I used the last set of clasps , it was too big . So I stitched a row of clasps right in the middle and its perfect ! -LRB- had I known how easy it was , I would 've just made my own instead of purchasing , but hey -- live and learn ! -RRB- I 've recommended this `` cradle '' already to friends who are especially carrying `` low '' .
 I love this product and was carrying heavy with my second child . Unfortunately lost the pregnancy but when I do get pregnant again I will definitely use this again and it is adjustable so you may wear it all 3 trimesters if need be , it did get a little sweaty , lol .
 I was sure excited to find a maternity belt that was so affordable , and after reading all the good reviews I decided to try it . It is literally saving me , especially right now being due in 21/2 weeks . It makes it possible for me to still go grocery shopping , and even just doing chores around the house is much easier . I used to only wear it when I knew I 'd be on my feet for a while , but now I wear it a lot more as baby gets heavier -LRB- it even helps make standing up easier -RRB- . I did get a size bigger like many suggested - I currently weigh about 157 and the medium fits me on the smallest hooks . My baby is way out in front , and I have smaller hips , hopefully that helps with sizing . I wish it had a couple more sets of hooks for a more perfect fit , but I would definitely buy this again .
 This maternity belt is awesome ! It 's easy to put on and gives great support . I wear it over my maternity jeans and it also helps keep them from sliding down all the time ! The only negative part might be for people who are in between the the three adjustment sizes that this belt has .
 I am currently 32 weeks at 175lbs . Based on the other reviews I purchased a size up - medium -LRB- not a huge climb for me -RRB- and it fits perfectly on the tighest setting . I am happy to know that as I get bigger I still have two looser settings I can move to . I have n't had issues with back pain , but the weight of my abdomen really gets to me at work - I am a nurse . I was at the point where I was holding my belly up when walking around . This belt has made such a difference . i am able to walk comfortably and feel supported . I wear it over my scrub pants or jeans on my days off . I am not sure how it would feel next to skin , it does have a soft side , but again , I have n't tried it .
 I am currently 26 weeks and about 163 pounds . I purchased the medium after reading the reviews about the product running small . The medium is perfect . I wear on the tightest setting now and should be able to move down to the other two settings as I get larger . Relief for me was instant . I wish I would have had this for my other two pregnancies . For the money , this product is excellent and very good quality .
 For the price and ease of use , this is a very good value . It helps support the weight of your belly later in pregnancy and also helps ease the back pain . As others have commented , it is difficult to keep it on if you are sitting for long periods of time , but if you are going to be standing this is going to help out a lot . I like that it does n't have velcro to catch on clothes .
 This band is great and you ca n't beat the price . This instantly relieved pain in my lower back and does help quite a bit when I 'm jogging and exercising . I am glad that I bought a size larger though and do recommend doing that .
 I purchased it for my wife to use during her pregnancy and it worked great . She was happy with this product .
 I 'm giving this 5 stars because while the sizing may be off , the product is exactly what I was looking for at a very reasonable price . It immediately relieves the lower abdominal discomfort I was having just walking around the house and is fantastic for the 4-5 mile walks I take . The skin-side is brushed making just a little softer against the skin.Regarding sizing , I 'm 32 weeks , 5 ' 2 '' , 125 lbs , and fairly active . Pre-pregnancy , I was 105 lbs , size 0 pant . All of the reviews encouraged sizing up , so I went with the small instead of the petite especially since I have 8 weeks to go . I am wearing it on the tightest/smallest hooks and wish I could size it smaller . My lower abdominal discomfort started at 24 weeks , and the small would not have provided enough support at that size . That said , it 's almost perfect for this stage in my pregnancy , and I am happy knowing I can size up for the final weeks .
 I purchased this item after suffering from sciatic nerve pain . I am 30wks and based on the other reviews I purchased a size large since I am right in the middle of the medium weight . At this point , I think a medium might actually have given me more support . However , I know I am only going to gt bigger and figure that in a few more weeks I may not be able to wear the belt in the tighted position . If I had purchased this any sooner though , I think I would have needed the medium and then moved on to the large . If you are right in the middle of the weight chart , you might need to buy that size and a size larger to find the right fix through out the entire pregnancy . Otherwise , I am happy with the belt and the extra support . The pain has lessened after wearing the belt and it has allowed me to continue to exercise .
 I bought this for a friend of mine . Her review : Pros : - Comfortable fit . - Easily concealed . - Offers really good support when standing . My spine has a bizarre 's ' curve and pregnancy greatly increases the fatigue I usually feel . This is a near-perfect solution.Cons : - Sitting causes discomfort.I would buy this again , and recommend .
 I am 30 weeks pregnant , single , and work 12 hour shifts on my feet as an ER nurse . I had so much pelvic pressure , my days were filled with pain and misery . I was wondering how I was going to keep working . I ABSOLUTELY have to work for another month and a half as there is only me to support me and my baby . I was skeptical because there did n't look like there was much to this belt , but the difference it makes is unbelievable . I can get through my shifts . I can also go for walks with my dog on the beach which I have n't been able to do for months . Most importantly , it has freed me up to relax and enjoy the amazing process of being pregnant , and welcoming my son into this world . If you are looking for pelvic support with some back support ... look no further . Also it seems to have decreased some of my bladder pressure . I CA N'T recommend it enough !
 This belt is great !!! Unfortunately , I am on my feet for a lot of the time while working . This belt immediately provided relief of my SI Joint pain which was radiating down into my leg . Wearing it at work is very comfortable and does n't roll up or down like many other products . I used a bella band for the earlier stages of my pregnancy and it was wonderful . But after 20 + weeeks , you needs a little more support when standing and walking for long periods . I highly recommend this product !!!
 Loved this band until the belly got too big - twins will do that to the tummy ! still great though !
 I started wearing the Mini Cradle two weeks ago and have noticed a significant improvement in stomach and back pain . It 's the smartest $ 15 I 've ever spent!The only reason I give it four stars -LRB- rather than five -RRB- is because I think the sizing recommendations are off . I 'm currently 35 weeks pregnant , weigh 135 pounds at 5 ' 6 '' , and am wearing the size small belt . It fits , but I 'm wearing it on the largest setting and still have indentations on my stomach when I take it off . I ca n't imagine that it would comfortably fit someone at the high end of the recommended weight range -LRB- 136 - 180 lbs -RRB- . I definitely recommend the product , but would suggest sizing up if you 're not at the low end of a weight range .
 Based on previous reviews , I purchased this item because my Modela support belt was too wimpy to handle all the weight I have put on . Now , it 's smaller width is deceiving , but do n't be fooled . This belt is mighty strong.Things I really like about this product : - The belt seems small in width , but it does an excellent job of supporting a giant belly . I feel relief immediately in my back , round ligaments and legs . The Modela helped when I was lighter , but almost 40 lbs later , I needed hefty strength . - The belt helps alleviate itchy belly . Keep lubing up and use this to help keep your skin from stretching and itching more . Nothing like itchy belly to drive you nuts . - Because of the smaller width , it does not interfere with your underwear or other clothing . The Modela bunched up or rolled downward and I was constantly readjusting it . That was frustrating considering how much I paid for it . - The belt is secured with hooks , like on a bra , and stays right where you want it to . Just move it up , down or at the desired angle - it will stay in place . I almost want to sleep with it on . - You can not beat the affordable price . Much less effective belts cost more . I wish I had tried this one sooner.A couple tips : - I agree with others regarding the incorrect sizing . I fall in their `` small '' category , but ladies , I 'm using the very last row of hooks on my belt . If I get any bigger , I will either have to buy a medium or wear a super tight small . Good idea to size up if you fall in the middle-end range of their sizing chart . Keep in mind you are going to get humongous toward the second half of your pregnancy . - Lastly , once you get your belt and fasten it , try moving the hooks so they are on your back . Sometimes that part of the belt gets itchy on your skin . The tag is also sewn in right there .
 I was having lots of lower back and ligament pain as my bump grew from 30 weeks onwards . I bought this at 34 weeks and now I do n't go anywhere without it . Not very comfortable when sitting down , but I did n't buy it for that . I used be in lots of pain after walking for maybe half a mile , it reduced considerably with the belt . Highly recommend it . You might want to buy one size up as mentioned in other reviews . The chart recommended small for me but I bought the medium and its perfect .
 Just got my belt in , and even after considering the sizing on the reviews , I still probably should have ordered a smaller size . My current weight is at 180 , so I ordered the Medium , thinking there 's no way I 'm a small , and I still have 10 weeks to grow . I 'm wearing it on the tightest setting , and it feels pretty good , but I think I should have gone with a Small . The hook/eye closure is great for not sticking to clothing , but there 's only 3 levels of tightness on the belt , and they are like 2-3 inches apart , so I do n't think I can `` inch '' my way looser as my belly grows or I will lose support , which you could do if it were velcro . Still , I 'm happy with my purchase , feels like an extra set of hands holding up my belly , and glad I 'm not having all those criss-crossing straps on my shoulders , back , and over my belly to deal with like the original Prenatal Cradle I had , especially going into the spring and lighter clothing . Anyway , on the packaging , there 's a sizing chart I thought others might find helpful : Mini-Cradle Size Pant Size -LRB- before pregnant -RRB- Current WeightPetite 0-5 90-135 lbs.Small 6-12 136-180 lbs.Medium 13-18181-225 lbs.Large 20-28226-270 lbs .
 My husband bought this for me when I was 35 weeks pregnant and experiencing some pretty severe pain from pubic symphysis dysfunction . I am 381/2 weeks pregnant now , and I am continuing to wear the belt every day for support and to relieve the deep pelvic pain . This product worked immediately , and I wish I had purchased it sooner . It provides a lifting action , which takes the pressure of the baby off the deep pelvic structures -LRB- providing pain relief -RRB- , and it compresses the pelvic bones together -LRB- also providing pain relief by preventing the painful symphysis separation -RRB- . It also helps to alleviate lower back pain . I will be keeping it for subsequent pregnancies.The only complaint I have about the Mini Prenatal Cradle is that I wish there were more of the hook and eye closures ... there are only three sets , and they are spaced about three inches apart . So , there are n't many options for sizing . I was a size 3-4 pre-pregnancy and now weigh 134 lbs , so I was right on the border between ordering the petite or small . We went with the small because I did n't want to risk cutting off circulation with the petite , and it does fit perfectly with the tightest hook and eye slot . I love this belt , and I would recommend trying the Mini before purchasing the larger Prenatal Cradle that wraps around the shoulders , but order a size up if you are right on the border between sizes !
 I was having alot of pelvic pressure and my belly was feeling very heavy , was even having trouble walking because the pain was so bad . I purchased this belt and it arrived very quickly and I started using it immediatley . It was a great help for me . It lifted my belly and took alot of pressure not only off my pelvic region but my bladder as well . I wear it when I know I will be standing or walking for a longer period of time or when I feel that pressure pain.As the other reviews stated , the size chart is off . I ordered a medium rather a small and im 5 ' 2 and petite and at the time I was 25 weeks pregnant , 142 pounds . The fit was and is perfect for me . The belt is still very comfy at its smallest setting and I am now 29 weeks pregnant .
 I tried the Medela support belt , but found the velcro front closure to be very bulky and uncomfortable when sitting , and the band was too wide for my small frame -LRB- the extra fabric bunched up and did n't feel supportive on my back -RRB- . I wanted something with a narrower profile and a different closure , and this belt fit all my needs . It 's a lot more comfortable and I feel more supported than with my previous belt . There 's a lot of talk on the reviews about the size . I think a lot prob depends on body shape and how you 're carrying . I 'm currently 32 weeks , 5 ' 2 '' and 148lbs . I went by the manufacturere recs and got the small , concerned that the medium would have too much extra band , and my comfort spot was between the middle and outer hook-and-eye closures -- a problem , which perhaps may not have been an issue with a medium if the clip placement fell in a different spot on me . However , the way this band 's constructed made it very easy for me and my novice sewing skills to detach the middle set of eye-closures and re-sew them on in a different spot , allowing me to `` grow into '' the outer set of closures from the new middle closure spot . An idea for those concerned about what size to order .
 First of all , I read all the reviews hoping that someone would provide a measurement to go by rather than this weight chart since I am very muscular and weight charts never work for me . Most of the reviews said to size up , but I 'm not sure I agree depending on your body . I ordered the size medium and I fall near the middle of the weight range for a medium and it fits perfectly . If I measure around the area where the belt lies just like in the photo , around the back and down under the belly , I measure 43 '' . I 'm 35 weeks and wearing it on the middle setting . I was n't sure if the belt was working until I tried not wearing it for a few hours . I actually bought it because after swimming in the pool for the first time this year and feeling weightless I went to walk up the ladder and realized just how heavy my belly was . My sciatica has improved and I do n't feel the constant pulling on my belly when I wear the belt . If I 'm going to be sitting or laying for an extended period of time I take it off . At 5 ' 1 '' I 'm already short in the torso so I do n't want the belt to decrease the little space I have if I 'm going to be sitting down to watch a two hour movie or something . Overall I 'm very pleased that I chose this belt . I was considering three different belts and I ca n't imagine that any of them would be better than this . I can wear this one with just about anything . The material is comfortable so even if I wear it on bare skin or slightly overlapping the panties it does n't bother my skin at all and I have extremely sensitive skin .
 According to sizing I should order size Small and I think it would fit , but I have a Medium and it works on the lowest setting . I am 32 weeks pregnant and weight 160 lb right now -LRB- 5 ' 6 '' -RRB- and the measurement under my belly -LRB- where the belt suppose to be -RRB- is about 38 inches . The lowest setting on medium belt is 34 '' , second one is at 37.5 '' and last one is at 41 '' . The belt is very good quality , firm and stretches a bit for a great support . It does n't cause any pain . I think I wo n't grow under my belly much and might use this setting till the end . But if I would put more fat and the second setting will be too lose , than I might use those bra extenders . I actually have 2 of them from maternity store , they 're not perfect fit with the belt hooks , but it will do , I tried-it took some force to fit -LRB- the hooks on belt are tough -RRB- . So in between sizes wo n't be a big deal , especially that not too much time left : -RRB- I do n't have much pain in my back when I move , still working out at the gym and walk a lot-which helps tremendously with joint pain . My problem with lower back pain starts when I lie in bed and get up in the morning or to use bathroom at night , sometimes I need few seconds to stay stable on my legs . I will sleep tonight in my belt and see if it 'll help . But just wearing belt during the day makes walking more comfortable , I can see the difference when I take the belt off , so that was great purchase overall . Although I try to wear it as little as possible as muscles get use to relief and might become weaker .
 This simple band gives me so much relief . It 's my second pregnancy and the baby was sitting on top of my cervix and I was feeling so much pressure . The band relieves the pressure and I 'm all my feet teaching all day ! By it . Wish I got the small tho .
 This product definitely helps me make it through a long day at work . I can tell in the evening on the days I forget to wear it . It does run a little big , but I started wearing it at 6months and figured I was n't getting any smaller ! Definitely worth the money .
 I have been wearing this for a week . Use of a maternity `` support belt '' was recommended by my doctor and several others because I have had relatively debilitating abdominal tightness for nearly my entire pregnancy . I have essentially stopped walking and standing for long periods . At 30 weeks , I purchased this belt out of desperation . I was hesitant to buy it , even with the recommendations , because my abdomen already felt so tight and tender and I could n't imagine putting anything restrictive around it . However , I will say that for whatever reason , this belt is actually helping me . I still have tightness , but it is n't nearly as constant and I feel much more comfortable walking short distances . I can wear it all day while sitting at a desk with no problem . After reading all of the reviews , sizing was a concern -- so I bought both the small and medium . I agree with those reviewers that said it runs small . I am 5 ' 7 '' and currently around 155lbs and the medium fits perfectly on the `` middle '' set of hooks -LRB- there are 3 rows of hooks -RRB- , so I have room for more growth . I also agree with other reviews that I ca n't understand why there is n't less space between the hooks/more sets of hooks to allow more customized sizing . Luckily , the middle set fits fine for me , but beware that some sort of an extender/adapter may be necessary to customize for your size . I find that his belt is a great width and is not noticeable under my clothing . I am really happy I purchased this product .
 I so much love it . . During I 'm pregnant and moved to new apartment . It so much help me to do my job !
 I already had chronic back pain issues , but this has helped SO much . I have used it from the beginning of my pregnancy and continue to use it every day -LRB- I 'm 6 months now -RRB- . I weighed about 141 at the start of my pregnancy , and a medium fit me on the tighest setting . The latches are spaced out a little too much , but I had to buy extenders for my bras anyway , so I use those with this when I 'm in-between the different latch settings . I really ca n't express how much this has helped though , but it literally holds my belly up for me so I do n't have to break my lower back off :-RRB- .
 Just what I needed in the third trimester for support . Was having trouble standing and walking around due to the 35 lb baby load but this belt is helping a lot . Suddenly everything is not so exhausting . Great buy for $ 15 ! Agree with other reviewers that buying a size up from what you think you need is probably best . I 'm petite but purchased the small size -- very glad I did as I 'm using the largest notch on the small belt . The petite probably would n't have fit at all .
 I am in my 6th month of my second pregnancy and the doctor suggested I get a support belt to help with lower back pain and other pain associated with the loose muscles -LRB- from the first pregnancy -RRB- and the way # 2 is sitting so low in my pelvis . I read the reviews for this and was glad I did , especially about sizing . I am not a small person and ordered the Medium Size thinking I still might grow . I am glad I did because I have it on the smallest notch and its not tight at all . Definitely order down a size . Overall , its a nice product that I can also wear right against my skin without any irritation and it does help with the pain - although I do n't wear it every day .
 The belt worked for me , some days it was very uncomfortable to walk due to pressure from the baby on my pelvic floor . The belt works to support my belly and reduce strain on my lower back . I like that it fits discretely underneath my clothing and does n't catch on anything . Even though it helped with the pain I still went to see a chiropractor since the back pain was very strong -LRB- lets be reasonable about our expectations -RRB- , and after the chiropractor took care of my back I 'm still using the belt to help with pressure & to support my lower back . I have n't had severe back pain the way I did at first , and I 'm in the last trimester .
 I had experienced debilitating pelvic girdle pain/SPD from the end of my first trimester of my first pregnancy . My midwife recommended a chiropractor , which did not really help . Somehow I stumbled across this product and figured that for only $ 15 it was worth a try . I went from not being able to walk around the block due to pain and waking up every time I turned over while sleeping to being able to hike again and sleeping much more soundly . I bought size small . I 'm a size 2-4 pre-pregnancy and was worried that the small would be too tight based on some of the reviews here . It fit very well . I wore it on the middle hook and eye closure for the first 3 weeks and now wear it on the tightest closure because it seems to have stretched somewhat . This product is wonderful and has greatly reduced my pain level . I only take it off to shower .
 I have been wearing my Mini Cradle for about a week and I have noticed a pronounced difference . It eases the pressure on my lower back , and greatly lessens round ligament pains . It is seriously worth the $ 15 !
 I think I have found some relief from my low back and hip pain by going to the chiropractor and using this belt . I wish there were more clips because the middle setting is not tight enough and the tightest setting is too tight . I wear this because I have to , but for anyone who has the least bit of chub on their belly your prego belly will not be cute anymore . It makes my back look lumpy and my stomach looks mishaped . Regardless , I am feeling better . I am 5 ' 1 '' and weigh 180 near the end of my pregnancy -- so I bought the medium .
 I ordered this early in my 8th month , and it helped a lot with the pelvic pain I was having because of the weight of my baby . It took pressure of my back too , and I liked the hook-and-eye closures . I was really pleased with it except for 2 things
 This is an inexpensive solution which works great . I have noticed some stretching . The medium fits well on the center set of hooks , but I am below the 181-225 weight range -LRB- even pregnant -RRB- . I was a medium before getting pregnant . Machine washable makes life easier , too !
 I am 27 weeks pregnant and am a massage therapist . Leaning over people for 8 plus hours a day was getting very taxing . The mini cradle helps my lower abdomen and lower back feel so much less pressure from bending over ! I highly recommend it to pregnant women with physical jobs , it is allowing me to work longer !
 This was great - I did n't have to use it ALL the time , but when I felt I had to , it definately helped support . I have to admit though , that with only 2 weeks away from my due date , the effect is n't as great - I do n't know if it 's worn out or if it 's just because the belly is getting heavier . I have to guess it 's the belly weight -- that being said I 'm actually not sure if it 's wide enough support for twins or triplets ... it is more slender than I expected ; BUT the picture IS accurate where it shows it like a large belt size ; if it was any larger I think it would support more , but probably for earlier months it would have been uncomfortable . Size wise I ordered a Medium and it was perfect . -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 6 '' , 170pre-pregnancy & 207 now , mostly in the belly -RRB- I did n't mind the large gaps between the hooks - I found that because of the elasticicty , that did n't bother me like it did other reviewers .
 This belt is very supportive . My baby is sitting so low in my belly and this is the perfect thing to help with the pressure of carrying so low . I would definitley size up though!I just received my small and I am on the last hook already -LRB- I was 145 prior to pregnancy and 160 currently -RRB- . I love it so much though I just ordered the medium . Definitely recommend .
 it works well but i do n't agree with others who say get the larger one . i did and had to get the one smaller as it was n't strong enough to hold up what i needed .
 I found the medium cradle to be too large , so I ordered the small . Others have remarked that you should order a size bigger - I did not find that true , and I love the small cradle . I purchased the Babe Mini Cradle - thru Amazon .
 I thought that this fit well and I like it better than the velcro version . It does give you a little bit of a muffin top , but it does help !
 At first I was n't sure if this would work well . A friend told me to get a maternity belt but I was skeptical . I ordered this one and received it thinking it would not do much good . It 's just a thick elastic , lined with some felt on one side and simple hooks . However , I am pleasantly surprised . I am 32 weeks and 125lbs . I use the medium setting on the Small size . -LRB- Definitely order one size up ! Thanks other reviewers ! -RRB- It makes a big difference on those days when the baby is just applying pressure in all the wrong places . After I put this on , I can walk much faster and smoother with much less discomfort . The only thing to be wary of is that it may not be comfortable to sit down with for too long . So I have a habit of taking it on and off throughout the day .
 As soon as I put the belt on I felt a big difference . I am currently 20 weeks along , I was having back pain , lower abdomen pain and upper stomach pain . I wore it for a full day today and I can not believe how much relief it gave me . I will not go without it anymore ! It is a little uncomfortable to sit in but you get used to it and it is well worth it ! I was not sure how it would fit under my pants but it was just fine and it stayed in place . I have it on direct contact with my skin and it does not bother me.I took it off at night and I dont want to even do that!I ordered the size that I was supposed to and it fits fine , 135 pds . size small . I 'm Glad I did not order a size up like many said as it would have been to big . I do agree that the clips could be closer together or more of them , but the second hook fits me fine.Love Love Love it !!!!
 I recently purchased a Bella Band hoping it would double for support now , and tummy coverage for nursing later , but it offered no support at all . So I purchased the mini cradle , and I really like it . I 'm in my 7th month but I have big babies so I not only need the support under the belly because of lower abdominal and back pain , but I also need it for a herniated belly button , which is really painful . I am 5 ' 5 '' and 185lbs , at the lower end of the Medium , and was really worried that it would n't give me enough support , but I read the other reviews about it running a little small and decided to order the med anyway . It fits perfect on the 2nd/middle closure for under the belly support , and on the 3rd/last closure for around the belly button . It is a little tricky to secure , but if you secure it at your hip , then adjust it after , it 's pretty easy . There 's not a lot you can do about the stiff fabric though , unless you wear it over your clothes . I have really sensitive skin so I just have to wear it around the house , which is where I spend most of my time anyway , however , if you work , that might not be an option ... if I have to I just wear it over my maternity pants and under my shirt which usually works just fine since I do n't tuck any of my maternity shirts in anyway .
 Great product , sizing does run slightly small . I purchased this item since it was not as big and bulky as others for sale . Received item quickly after ordering .
 This belt supports well . It was a big relief to my aching back as I could n't stand for long during my eighth month with the increasing weight of the baby , especially while cooking . Its uncomfortable to wear while you sit but that 's because the belt is positioned below the belly and its natural to feel uncomfortable . But I would agree with other reviewers about the sizing of the belt . I am 5.3 and weighed 160 pounds during the mid-eighth month and wore the ` medium ' belt at the second aisle hooks . Am not considered big for my pregnancy do n't think could have made it with the small-sized belt . Am glad I ordered medium .
 I initially assumed I would be a medium , because in general , I am always a medium . When I read the description of 180 + I was thinking maybe I would order a small ... but most reviews said they fit small . Before pregnancy I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 # - and I am no where near 180 # even while pregnant . This fits on the tightest strap , and it 's a little snug . I 'm sure over the next couple of months , I 'll have to let it out a bit to the next strap . So , I think this fits perfect and will last the rest of my pregnancy . Their sizing is just a little wacky .
 This is a great item ~ I read reviews that said it runs small so I got one size larger than what it calls for ... should n't have done that . It hooks together with eye hooks so I just added to the belt for a good fit . I 'm 7 months along and have pain low in the front , this support really helps . I can wear it all day ~ not uncomfortable sitting with it on as it is n't very wide and is fairly descrete . It even helps keep my pants from sagging down!The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that I had to sew a smaller adjustment , but that was really my fault for ordering too large . I thought I would need to adjust larger as I grew , but I do n't wear the support belt that high to effect belly growth .
 Provides medium support for moderate back pain that comes from walking , standing , etc. . If you work at a job where you stand up ALL day I would recommend one of the larger , stronger belts , but this is great for day to day errands , etc. . I keep it in my purse for such times and it is also more comfortable than the larger belts . It does run small , so go up a size , especially if you want it to be usable throughout your whole pregnancy -LRB- it adjust to 3 different sizes -RRB-
 I have to admit I was skeptical about this belt relieving pressure and pain , but it really does help a lot . I order the Medium according to the current weight recommendations and it fit just fine . I would agree with the other reviewer who said it should have another row of hooks . As I am in my last trimester and feel like one is too tight and the next is a tad loose . These are also great for holding up maternity pants ! Overall well worth the price .
 It 's what i wanted and has nice support with less slippage compared to the velcro one I had tired at Babies r ` Us , but looses some of the adjustability that velcro offers . It 's a nice support for standing and walking but not that great for sitting .
 It was recommended to me by friends to get some sort of back supporting product because of my ` petite ' size and frame . I figured I could n't go wrong for the price and the mini appealed to me since the width would be more appropriate for my size.I put this on and immediately felt relief ! It helped improve my posture and help keep my shoulder blades on my back to reduce tension . I did see complaints about the size , but the elastic will relax as you get bigger if you wear it everyday . If the last hook fit then it will fit as baby grows !
 Who would have thought that something so simple could provide so much relief ? I am 33 weeks pregnant and was suffering from back pain . I ordered this item at 30 weeks and it relieved my back pain the first day I used it . I wish I would have ordered it sooner . I generally wear it over my maternity clothes because it is more comfortable that way but I have also used it on my bare skin with no complaints . I do not feel itchy or sweaty even in the Florida humidity . The only reason I did not give this item 5 stars is because the size chart is way off . I ordered the small which should fit between 135-181 lbs and it only fits on the largest setting , if my belly gets any bigger it may start to get uncomfortable . I currently weigh 128 lbs and my -LRB- pregnant -RRB- waist circumference is 36 '' . Definitely recommend to order one size up just to be safe .
 This belt is working well . The only thing that I do n't like is that there are only three adjustments and as my belly has gotten bigger , the belt seems tight and adjusting to the next hook out is not enough support . I have used a velcro belt for my first child and this was better to adjust .
 Nice small cradle . Gets the job done . I measured a M but took others advice and got L. Definitely order one size up !
 I am not pregnant but just overweight.This belt has helped with my back pain andI am using it everyday.It is my intent to start an exerciseprogram but in the mean time , this is wonderful !
 I could not have lived without this product . I have worn it everyday since I started showing at about 18 weeks . It really supports your belly when your walking and when you go to stand up . It helps 100 % with holding the belly weight up while standing and walking . I highly recommend this over any other product . Fits easily and easy to hide under shirts . I wear tank tops under the cradle because it is not comfortable directly on the skin with the rubbing of pants . It could also go on top of the panel of maternity pants . I purchased the size small and I was worried it would be too small . But I was somewhat overweight before pregnancy and it fits fine all the way to the end of pregnancy . I have always had to wear it on the loosest latch .
 I am in my 6th month , 2nd pregnancy . Before I started using this maternity belt I used to get so tired in 2-3 hours of outing . I had to always keep one hand on my lower belly for support . Mother to a toddler , this belt is a blessing . Keeps me running through the day . Sometimes even making me forget that I am pregnant . Love it !! It is uncomfortable only when I lie down . But maybe its not meant to be put on while resting . Highly recommend this product
 Fits well , adjustable , supportive . A small woman will definitely need medium in late stages . Like the product especially how it fits under clothes .
 I ordered this produced during my 31st week and the only time I take it off is when I shower . I 'm 38 weeks now . It has helped so much with lower back pain , ligament pain and whatever that pain is that feels like I was sunburned on the inside of my belly ! It helps me roll over when I sleep -LRB- although that still takes a lot of effort , it 's not AS uncomfortable as it was -RRB- . I have not had any sizing problems . It has stretched with me as my belly has grown . I highly recommend this product .
 I got this belly cradle when I was about 5 months along , I really did n't use it much until I got to 8 months though . I am on my feet 8 + hours a day and when my belly started to get really heavy and started hurting my back I began using the cradle daily . It really does help support the weight of your belly and take some strain off of your lower back.My only complaint would be that it 's a little uncomfortable to wear while sitting for long periods of time . Also , I will agree with the other reviewers that you should most definitely purchase the size larger than what they are recommending on the package . I am 5 ' 1 '' and weigh 160 # at 9 months pregnant but if I would have purchased the small size -LRB- which by their standards would be my size -RRB- it would not have fit . I am now on the last set of loops on my medium and it fits perfectly .
 Great product - but really order a size up ... I am 5 feet tall with a current weight of 113 pounds at week 29 , a relative small belly and ordered size `` Petite '' . It fits with the largest setting so I hope the band will stretch out so I can still wear it the next 10 weeks ... Maybe a size `` small '' would have been better for me , even if I am far away from 135 pounds !
 I was so glad that I read all the reviews for this product and actually went for the bigger size ! I got the size that ranges from 180 lb to about 220lb ... I tried it on as soon as I got it and right now I can put it on comfortably using the smallest hook locks -LRB- there are three in all to loosen as the belly grows -RRB- ... Given that I 'm currently barely showing at 5 ' 4 and 150 lb . I do n't expect to go beyond 180lb and yet this size looks like it will suit me perfectly until the end . Feels great and looks like great quality .
 This product is good and easy to wear under clothes . I do notice some difference wearing this whenever I go on longer walks and around the office all day . The sizing is definitely off , I am 150lbs in the third trimester and comfortably fit into the medium on the tightest setting . When I get really close to the end I can see myself putting on the second setting if it got too tight.UPDATE : I 'm towards the end of my third trimester now and I still occasionally wear the belt , though to be honest my stomach is so huge I 'm not sure that anything could help at this point .
 I listened to all this crazy talk about how the band runs bigger than what the sizing info states . NOT true !! I 'm 5 ' 10 '' , ending y first trimester at 165 lbs and the medium was huge !! Since I am a tall gal , my tummy does not get very large when I 'm pregnant , but I guarantee I will wear a small clear through delivery . -LRB- and I do n't wear a small ANYTHING ! Lol -RRB- I suppose if you have a very large stomach -LRB- I.e. a very petite lady who has a huge baby and is late in pregnancy -RRB- then maybe you should order up . Or if you carry a majority of your weight in your midsection , order up . Everyone else , order per the instructions!This is what I 'd consider a ` minimal ' support belt . I want something for light aerobics , yoga and Pilates . I would n't recommend this if you need a good deal of support . Looks easy to clean and put on . I 'm waiting on my replacement . I think I 'm going to like it . I did n't want a massive stomach-binding girdle !
 Works really well , has provided me relief from back aches and some round ligament pain.BUT -- do n't go by their size charts . I got a medium but am much smaller than the weight recommendations they provided . When in doubt , go up a size . You 're already pregnant and uncomfortable enough as it is ; why squeeze yourself to death ?
 The cradle did just what it said it would do . The only thing I do n't find comfortable is wearing under jeans . It 's more comfortable to wear under stretch pants or under a dress .
 While my weight was within the guidelines , I should have gotten a size smaller . Or maybe I would have preferred the type that has a strap both above and below the belly . It just seemed like this was a bit too big . And I did n't like that it could move if I sat down with it on . For taking a walk though , it worked OK .
 I followed everyone 's advice to order a size larger . I am a size 16 and 200 lbs -LRB- pre-pregnancy -RRB- which would put me in a medium . I ordered a large instead and when I got it , it gave me no support at all because it was n't tight enough . Instead of sending it back and waiting for a different one to come in I took the last set of hooks off and sewed them back on the other side to make it tighter . After I did that , it works great and I have noticed relief from pelvic muscle pain and pain in my back .
 I have n't used this sling product for very long , but so far it 's helped with some of aches and pains of 3rd trimester.One note on the sizing
 I have been using this maternity belt since about the 15 week mark with my first pregnancy . I am now 34 weeks and still use it everyday . Not only has it helped me feel more supported and helped relieve back/pelvic pain , but it also kind of helped to keep some of my maternity pants up before I was big enough to fill them out : -RRB-
 I 'm in my third trimester and starting to feel the pressure increasing due to my growing baby . I 'm also very active and have been having some bad cramping and back pain after being on my feet for long periods of time , so I thought I would try this support belt . I like it a lot and it it seems to really help reduce the pressure I 'm feeling . Not too sure how much it helps my back pain , but I 'm sure it helps some . The belt is very comfortable for me as long as I 'm standing and wearing it over my full panel pants , but my baby is not hugely fond of it as I can feel him squirming more than usual when I 'm wearing it . He really does n't like to be compressed at all -LRB- helps me to keep good posture though as he protests when I slouch -RRB- . It 's also not very comfortable when sitting or when worn against the skin . One note about sizing as I hemmed and hawed over what size to get
 I 'm so glad that I read the reviews and got the bigger size . I 'm normally only about 125pounds and 140ish when pregnant . I do carry my babies almost entirely in the belly , but this totally saved me . With my 3rd pregnancy this saved my hips and back . I wore it all day for about 4 months , I will use it again !!
 I was so worried about sizing bc there was so many bad reviews about the size being too small . I 'm approx . 235lbs at 5 ' 3 &#34; and I ordered the large . I can snap it on the tightest setting and still have too much room . I should have gone for the medium but the reviews scared me . I just received this product and will update everyone with how much support the product gives .
 Before buying this cradle for my 7-month pregnant wife , I scanned through the reviews and noticed a few people complaining about them being too small , so I ordered a one size bigger -LRB- M instead of S -RRB- . It was too big -LRB- she is around 150 lb , right in the middle of the weight range for the S size -RRB- . I exchanged it for the S size , which fits much better . I wish the size guidelines used waist size instead of weight .
 I used one when I was carrying my daughter and now I got one for her . I was so glad to see that it is still made ! This really helps relieve the pulling feeling under the ribs and back pain . I agree that it runs small . My daughter is 5 ' 8 '' , 143 pounds at 36 weeks and it is getting uncomfortable on the middle setting .
 In my 7th month of pregnancy , I needed something to help with support , especially while I was on vacation and on my feet for most of the day at SDCC . I wanted something discreet and not bulky , and this belt worked perfectly ! I read that previous reviewers think the sizing is too small , but I got the smallest size , and at 27-30 weeks along in my pregnancy , it fit just right -LRB- although I had to use the loosest setting -RRB- . I do recommend this to anyone who needs support and pain relief during pregnancy .
 I like this belt ! But remember , always order one size up . I 'm petite but I take small and it holds my lower tummy and back very well . I dont constanly pee after wearing this belt and since I 'm actively travel around -LRB- flying , driving -RRB- it helps ease discomfort .
 unlike the Medela Maternity support belt , this one actually stays in place and provides support . The elastic is firm and does n't roll , and the three adjustable notches fit well . It really helped me with my pelvic floor pain .
 Upon the recommendations here I bought the size above what was indicated for me personally , moving from a medium to a large . I am currently 34.5 weeks pregnant & am wearing the large on the smallest setting . If the belt were tighter I really think it would be helping my back , but right now it is still a bit too big . Hopefully in a couple weeks it will fit better so that I can get some relief . So , while the reviews saying to buy a bigger size might be relevant for women moving from small to medium , I think the sizing recommendation might have been more accurate for the larger sizes .
 I had two solid months of back pain before I finally ordered this product . While it does n't completely cure my back pain , it does help A LOT . Since I started wearing the Prenatal Mini-Cradle my back pain has gone down by about 80 % . I just wish I 'd gotten it sooner.I 'm glad I read these reviews before ordering because the sizing chart really is as wrong as everyone says . I am 5 ' 5 '' and at the time I ordered this product I was about 140 lbs . According to the sizing chart , I should have ordered a small . Thankfully , I read the reviews and ordered a medium instead . It 's a perfect fit . GET A SIZE LARGER THAN THE CHART SAYS YOU NEED !
 My daughter is pregnant and she was told at 4 months that her cervex was too short and she may deliver her baby early if it did n't get better ... Well ever since she started wearing this belt her condition has gotten better.She is now 6 months along and the doctor said she has stablized ... Thanks for this product ...
 I purchased this for my daughter , who is expecting her first child . She said it has been a life saver and rates it a 5-star gift .
 I just got the belt and I 'm very happy how well it fits -LRB- I ordered size Small , since I 'm 135 lbs , 33 weeks pregnant -RRB- . According to other reviews , the belt runs small . I ca n't say so , I 'm wearing it on a middle setting and it 's not tight at all . Great product , very affordable price , perfect support . Highly recommended !
 All reviews are correct , order a size too big . I am 5 ' 3 '' and currently weigh 220 . I have already gained 35 lbs at 34 weeks ! I have been having consistent pelvic pain for 3 weeks which was not an issue with my first-born . I have been wearing the belt for 6 days now and most of the pain is eliminated . There are only 3 adjustment notches , but the belt is slim enough to fit nicely under clothes . Seriously though , order big , because too tight is VERY UNCOMFORTABLE !
 My wife loves the color green , I was searching the web for a dainty moses basket to surprise her for the upcoming birth of our first child.I found this Sage Toile Moses basket and surprised her for when we brought our baby home from the hospital . My wife was so happy , it looks so refined yet beautiful . We are really looking foward to using it when we go out !
 If you have a bugaboo bee , this cup holder fits great . It is built with a sieve-like plastic insert inside that supports both wide and narrow cups/bottles firmly in place , so there 's no chance of the liquid splashing onto your baby -LRB- so long as the cup/bottle is covered -RRB- . Additionally , it comes with a variety of latching attachments so that it can fit onto the handles of any Bugaboo stroller . My one beef with this cup holder is that it 's very expensive for what it is . However , if you have a Bugaboo you really do n't have many other options for cup holders so they 'll get you with this !
 I bought this to use for my Baby Jogger City Select stroller ... Baby Jogger makes what they call a `` universal '' cup holder but it does not work with the City Select stroller frame . The Bugaboo cup holder comes with four different attachment brackets with two of them working beautifully for the City Select . I highly recommend it !
 works well . I have it facing the inside of the stroller bars instead of the outside currently . I am using the a car seat on the stroller base currently . Hope this still works when i switch over to the normal stroller seat . Hold my 16oz glass/silicone lifefactory bottle well . No slipping or clanging around . Have to remember to watch it when folding up and putting in trunk or when turning the carseat to face away from .
 There are several adapters included with the bugaboo cup holder , but once I found the right one , it fits super-snug to the handle on our Uppababy . Just crank it on there , grab and iced latte , 12oz hoppy beverage or your roadie of choice and hit the streets .
 I love love love this cup holder for my City Select ! I tried the less expensive Brica one first because I thought who needs to pay so much for a cup holder . But the less expensive option felt unstable on the handle bar and I did n't like how I had to force the cup in and out of the holder . With thisBugaboo cup holder , the clip -LRB- use # 1 -RRB- fits like a glove on my City Select handle bar and my drink just glides in and out of the cup holder when I want it to , and stays put when I do n't ! Worth the extra $ $ $ .
 This upholder comes with multiple attachments giving to many placement choices . There 's a gusset in the holder so you can slide a large or small beverage in place .
 I was a bit hesitant to buy this product since I 've read good and bad things about it . I took my chance and bought it anyways , and I 'm glad I did . You would think the stroller would include this accessory since it 's so expensive , but unfortunately it does n't . I really needed a place to put my coffee or cell phone when going for a walk in the morning . I placed it on the inside so it would n't stick out , and I have n't had any problems with it getting in the way . Every once in a while I 'll take it off if I know I 'm not going to use it .
 This fits on the Baby Jogger City Select perfect ! You have to use the biggest adapter that comes with it and it 's a very secure connection .
 very usefull product and a very good quality product . Im always using it for the babies beverages and I cant live without it .
 I have the Bugaboo Bee stroller . It 's great to be able to hold a drink , and the cup holder works with different size cups -LRB- paper coffee cups and soda cans both fit snugly . -RRB- However , the extra couple inches that this adds to the width of the stroller is really noticeable when trying to squeeze around trees , busy sidewalks , crowded stores , etc.The cup holder can be placed on the inside of the handle to avoid this problem , but the handle will then not fully collapse and I 'm not sure the stroller will fold up correctly .
 The other reviews get the pros and cons pretty right , so I wo n't elaborate there ... rather I 'll make a suggestion - try clipping the cup holders so that they face inside instead of outside . I got so frustrated early on when I kept running into things with them that I made this switch and much prefer it . It makes tipping the seat all the way back difficult when the seat is facing away from the parent , but I barely ever need to do that , so it does n't matter to me . I also do n't have a problem collapsing the stroller with the cup holders still attached .
 If you are going to drop 6-9 bills on your stroller , then 20 + dollars for a cup holder should n't be a big of a deal ... Buy it .
 The Bugaboo cup holder was a great , and much needed addition to our Chameleon stroller . It 's wide enough and sturdy enough for a hot cup of coffee and can even serve as a cell phone holder , but the price ? The price was outrageous for the product . There are several alternatives out there , including some lesser-known brands at BRU , and had I known about those before , I would have bought one of those instead for half of the price.However , shipping was quick and the product arrived neatly packaged in it 's original box with all of the parts . Assembly was easy and all parts are included for each type of stroller in the Bugaboo line . Putting the cup holder on was also a breeze and removing it can be a bit difficult .
 This is the perfect accessory for the Bugaboo . It snaps onto various parts of the frame and holds most standard size cups . It is great for sippy cups , bottles , water bottles , keys , whatever . We 've used ours for nearly two years of rugged use and it has held up just fine . The only complaint is that it has to be removed when collapsing the carriage .
 This works fine and fits well , but has a few flaws . I purchased two and put one on each side of my stroller . I had many problems with running into things because they set out too far , I scraped my door way many times -- the downside to having them on the side as opposed to directly in front . The other problem I had was the inside plastic that is supposed to grip and adjust to the size of the cup , broke off . Not a huge problem because my cups fit fine , just a little annoying and useless . Unfortunately this is the only cup holder I found to work with my Bugaboo .
 is the best cup holder ever!I can fold it or twist it the way I want and it is very strong and holds very good .
 This cup holder holds your drink very securely however , we use it on the bee and it seems to get in the way a lot . I guess I 'm trying to get through narrow spaces a lot . The cup holder has caught on something countless times . I wish there was a way to put it on top of the handle bar -LRB- not on the side -RRB- . And it 's pretty pricey for a cup holder!Update
 a solid cupholder that works well with the bugaboo stroller . it swivels and seems to keep a firm hold on my beverages .
 This holder is made out of reasonably sturdy plastic , but as another review notes , you have to be careful or you can easily break off one of the `` fins . '' It is also not that hard to `` catch '' a jacket pocket if you lean forward , or an infant blanket when you are removing the infant.The store at which my daughter bought her Bugaboo Cameleon stroller installed this for her on the outside of the handle . That increases the width of an already wide stroller , and it is very easy to bang this cupholder when going through a doorway . Although another review suggests mounting the holder on the inside of the handle , the store said that was not the right way to install it because , as yet another review notes , then you can not fully collapse the handle or fold the stroller.If you live in a big city like Manhattan , as my daughter does , you may not keep anything in the holder while you are walking your infant except perhaps a plastic bottle of water -- not because of a security issue , but because when walking over curbs , rough payment , etc. you do not want something to bounce out of the cup holder . In fact , when out for a walk my daughter often keeps her water bottle in the bag on the front of the stroller that contains all my grandchild 's accessories . She is thinking about removing the cup holder since she does not use it often and sometimes it just gets in the way as described above.Bottom line
 works well and is very secure . You just have to remember that it is there when steering through small spaces !
 i bought 2 of these for the Bee -LRB- one for child and one for parent -RRB- . it 's nice for him to have his cup at-the-ready while strolling around . although somewhat pricey for its simple function , it would have been nice if the attachment clamp were universal as opposed to having 3 of them in the box for the correct size .
 own a bugaboo then you need to own the cupholder . perfect for starbucks coffee cups , water bottles , plastic glasses , it holds everything . a great inexpensive accessory .
 I think a cup holder is a must for any stroller and honestly believe that it be included when you buy the standard stroller -LRB- like it is with other strollers that are n't Bugaboo -RRB- . Anyway - it fits great on my Cameleon . I like the fact that it can be fitted anywhere on the handle , and it 's strong enough to hold a mid-sized water bottle/soda bottle or a venti-sized coffee cup.My only problem with the cup holder is that it sticks out -LRB- no matter where you place it on the handle bar -RRB- and adds substantial width to the stroller . Because of this it is harder to maneuver in smaller places -LRB- like elevators or a aisle in a drugstore -RRB- plus I have to remove it when ever I fold the stroller into my car - not and easy task.I like the holder , I just think it should have been designed differently . . regardless - if you walk around a lot it 's a must !
 This cup holder fits perfectly on my Quinny stroller . I am excited to use it .
 I love my cup holder ... it fits my frog perfectly , matches beautifully , I can swing the holder inside the frame when I am walking in narrow spaces , I can drop it to my son 's level when I push him facing me so he can handle his own beverage -LRB- 20 months old -RRB- . I am purchasing a second one so he and I can have our own ... I would love it also if product guy or gal at bugaboo would develop a beverage cupholder I can hook on the lap bar so my son can handle his own beverage when facing away ...
 You would think that the Baby Jogger Liquid Holster would work on any Baby Jogger stroller , but it is actually not compatible with the Baby Jogger City Select stroller . Thankfully this Bugaboo Cup Holder is compatible with the City Select . The Bugaboo Cup Holder comes with 4 different attachment hooks that you can swap out to fit all the different Bugaboo models , plus they work on some other stroller brands . The cup holder easily clips onto the City Select . It is a sturdy cup holder and has great versatility in how you can position it and where you can clip it onto the stroller . A great purchase !
 Sure , a cup holder is n't a required feature - after all , bugaboo would have just built one on and charged more for it if it were , right ? The other argument is that most other strollers have some sort of `` organization '' tray and/or cupholder available for the adult , and it is a convenient thing to have!Needless to say , it ends up also holding my cell phone and/or shopping bags , but it 's definitely worth having for the convenience factor ! Oh , and be sure to mount it on the inside ... you 'll see when you get it . :-RRB- If you mount it the other way , you 'll run into things constantly !
 we 've been waiting for a cup holder for the bug for a while . as many folks have said several times , a thousand dollar stroller does n't come with a cupholder?this product , like all bug accessories is sturdy and well designed . we purchased two for our frog . it comes with two adapters depending on which bugaboo you own.simple to attach , although it makes folding up the stroller cumbersome . and the cup holders protrude widthwise making the stroller wider.but again , this is the best cup holder for a bug by far .
 this item fits perfectly not also to the bugaboo for which is designed but also for the quinny zapp - and so i figured for the buzz.the same is the bugaboo parasol.great !
 This was the best thing we bought and added onto our Bugaboo . It is very well made , sturdy and has withstood the test of time . It 's brilliantly functional and has been used to hold bottles of water , diet coke , sippy cups , umbrellas , etc : - -RRB-
 Great cupholder . Mount it to the outside of the stroller so that you can fold the canopy without hitting it !
 Solid built , nice addition o the bugaboo stroller . Its on the higher pricy range for a cup holder , and wishing it would be included as part of stroller . It holds a baby bottle as well as a normal size adult drink bottle , no complaint there .
 Product came pretty quickly and although have n't used it yet , am excited to get to .
 Great alternative to the original Bugaboo Cup Holder ! It cost half as much as the original and it fits the Bugaboo Bee Stroller very well !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 It is very cute and goes with a lot . It does move around a bit , but I guess most rugs do . It is a great size for in front of the bed or dresser .
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 We bought it after we got our Dora toddler bed because we were going to be 3 weeks in Houston , Texas on vacation and we did not want her to start sleeping again with us . We send it directly to Houston and when we arrived to our family house the `` show '' began and the Dora magic took place . Sometimes she wants to come back to mommys bed but it is ok , because at least she spend more than 5 hours in her own bed.It is really an air sleeping bag , pretty confortable for my 2 years old daughter , eventhough sometimes she rolled and got out of the bag .
 My 21/2 year old loves her Dora sleeping bag . It is easy to travel with and encicing for my daughter to go to bed when she has this to sleep in . Be careful washing the blanket part , it is thin and can tear and overheat if you use warm water wash .
 The Dora ready bed was a great purchase for me . Well worth the money . It stays inflated all night . Very easy to set up and take down . Folds up to a good size for travel . My 3 year old daughter loves it .
 MY DAUGHTER IS 3 AND WE PURCHASED THIS FOR VACATION . sHE LOVES IT SHE EVEN WANTS TO TAKE NAPS ON IT . SHE PUT IT IN OUT LIVING ROOM & LAYS ON IT ALL THE TIME . IT COMES WITH IT 'S OWN PUMP WHICH IS GREAT . . ITS VERY EASY TO ASSEMBLE & THE BEDDING IS WASHABLE !!!!
 We bought this bed for our two year old to travel with and she loves it . She often asks to sleep on it at home . I love that it inflates easily . I also love that when it is deflated it does n't take up that much room . I can easily pack it in our luggage.This is a great product .
 We bought this for our 20 month old daughter because she is too big for the Pack & Play . Getting her to sleep in it the first time was a little rough because she had never slept in a bed before . Once she got used to it , she loved it . Bedtime on vacation became a very pleasant experience.I wish the cover was a little more sturdy , but you ca n't beat it for the price .
 My daughter loves to use her dora blow up toddler bed when we are traveling , she sleeps very well in it .
 We recently received this item for my 3 year old . She was ecstatic before we even had it out of the box . The worst part about it is the time it takes to inflate , even with the air pump . As long as you are n't in a hurry to get the bed set-up , then this a good item . My problem now is trying to convince my daughter that it does n't need to stay in the living room 24/7 : -RRB-
 I brough this item for the particular reason that we travel a lot and its just wonderful my daughter just loved and so did we , its easy to handle and just great for the outdoors or just for play time .
 We have the 2006 model of this stroller and it is wonderful . It 's easy to collapse and light enough to get into the car easily . The basket underneath is generous and accessible and fits our big diaper bag and/or a fair amount of shopping . The stroller comes with a warm leg cover for winter , a shade/bug cover and a rain cover . Each one snaps on easily . Overall I am incredibly pleased with this stroller -- it 's a good size , sturdy and has great features .
 I 've had a couple of these for nine months now . They are a little thin , but they hold up perfectly to washing . Great for warmer weather environments ! I will be buying more of these when/if the ones I have ever wear out .
 i did like the fact that the lower part of the sheet was fitted , so they stay in place better .
 What a great idea ! Half fitted half flat - My 2 year old can figure how to get under the sheets and they actually stay put . I 've never had to reposition . I love these sheets !! So does he !!
 These sheets work really well on my 21/2 year old daughter 's toddler bed . They clearly are n't luxury sheets , but the seams are well stitched and they 've held up to at least 8 washings . So far they do n't look any the worse for wear.The sheets helped my daughter to figure out which end of the bed is the head and how to sleep under the sheet . The deep pocket prevents her from pulling it off during the night and keeps her blanket on her throughout the night . The pocket also allows her to be able to make her own bed each day . She does the sheet , and I do the blanket.It is quite wrinkly after washing , but my daughter does n't mind it and it taught her a new vocabulary word . If desired , it can be ironed flat.Overall , this one of the better purchases that I 've made for my daughter 's room .
 I am a first time mom with a 6 week old colicy baby who is usually up and fussy from around 10pm to 2am . My sister gave us an old Graco swing saying it would be an absolute lifesaver . My daughter ended up hating it . I hated it too because it did n't recline enough to support her neck , plus it was n't very sturdy . So I took her to Babies R Us , where you can try the different swings out . Luckily she was very fussy at the time , even in my arms . She kinda liked the Nature 's Touch swing but it was 40 $ more and took 4 d batteries for 100 hours of continuous use . Then I saw almost all of them took 4 d batteries for 100 hours . Then I put her in the Baby Einstein swing and I am not kidding , she got quiet and happy . She loved the sound effects and the flashing lights on the tray . It also had a harness seat belt and reclined enough so she could fall asleep without her head bobbling around . I also noticed that It took only 3 d batteries for 200 hours of continuous use ! There was another family shopping for baby swings at the time and when they saw how happy she got in the swing they decided to buy it too.That night she honestly slept from around 10pm to 2am . I actually got nervous because she was sleeping so long and woke her up ! Oh , I also love how sturdy it is and that it easily folds down to store away or move around . It is the best swing Babies R Us has . Or at least my baby thinks so .
 We discovered that my son liked the swing when he would fall asleep at the gym nursery in thier swings.I chose this one because we already had the Baby Einstein Pack-N-Play and for the timer feature which works perfectly by the way . My 9 week old son goes right to sleep . Simply Wonderful !
 We purchased this in desparation because our son has a lot of colic outbursts and we hoped previous reports were correct . Although it does n't always work to calm him , it helps 2 out of 5 times which is better than before , and he even falls asleep in it occasionally - something he only previously did in our arms . So we have had it for 2 months and as long as i put on some of the white noise , in his non-fussy modes , he generally will go to sleep for about 1/2 hour!There are 2 things i would change -1 . the straps are a pain to work , and with a newborn they are n't really necessary since he does n't yet move much . i always put a blanket on the fully reclined seat to soften the feel of the straps on his back -LRB- i do n't use them yet -RRB- .2 . The white pastic bar is a pain to use , it takes a lot to snap it down and unhook it when he is crying , so i just took it off -LRB- which took some work after installing it -RRB- . now i can grab him easily when he wakes up fussy.all in all i am very please with it - he loves looking at the hanging animals over his head and the sounds work magic .
 We we extremely amazed to have found such an excellent price . We knew we wanted the Baby Einstein swing , but had difficulty finding it . We we concerned to use the free shipping - due to waiting for our order . To our amazement , we received it in aprox . 3 day ! Our granddaughter Ariana is extremely excited with al the added features . We would recommend this product plus Amazon to anyone serious about decent prices for hard to find items and excellent and speedy delivery.Christina Augustine , PABaby Einstein Discover and Play Swing
 We picked this swing over others because it 's bright and colorful and because of the sound and speed options . We do n't find the motor to be noisy at all ... in fact the white noise is rather calming for the baby.It has taken my son a month or two to get used to it . I think he just noticed the moblie a week ago -LRB- he 's 2 months -RRB- I think as he gets older and can play with the front tray he 'll like it much more.Good points : * Familiar songs -LRB- to other Baby Einstein products -RRB- * Speed settings really are different . * Seat reclines quite a bit , very comfortable * front tray has many options such as speech , sound and songs as well as rotation . * parent friendly and easy to assemble * not `` graco green '' rather cheerful looking . * removable tray toy is great for `` tummy time '' or carseat toy . * cheery , stimulating moblie . * noise is adjustable . * good restraint . baby is secure.Flaws : * the mobile is too high up for newborns . My son did n't notice it until recently , each time i tried to point it out , he just looked at me instead . * the plastic tray sticks so tightly that it takes a real hard pull to open it . It always gives the baby a jolt . * songs on the front tray are too short I keep having to go up and press it to keep him interested . * the nature sounds sound more like static than anything else , great idea , just needs to be clearer.If you do n't mind the minor flaws its a great swing for a good price compared to others .
 I bought this based on the great review given by the previous poster about her colicky baby . Thankfully she was NOT wrong ! I have a 5 week old who has been fussy and high need from the moment he was born . During the day he would only takes nap on me in a carrier and at night he would only fall asleep in bed with me and my husband . My arms and body were getting tired from carrying him all day . He would never sit in his bouncy seat for more then 5 minutes so I was hesitant to purchase another piece of baby equipment thinking it would not help . As I type this he is taking his TWO HOUR nap all by himself ! I put on the nature sound , which is white noise , set the swing on the highest level and WOW , I was able to take a shower today for the FIRST time since he 's born without someone holding him . I never wanted a swing , but now I am a FIRM believer in the power of motion for an infant !
 I have not gotten to use this swing yet , but I just wanted to say that assembly was easy and after I had it all put together I played with the toys on the tray and it was the coolest thing ever :-RRB- I highly recommend !
 Extremely soft , 100 % cotton , and the fitted bottom keeps it tucked under the bed . I looked in every store for these , and finally found them here . Great product !
 I have bought two other CR Gibson Baby Memory Books . Both of them have the same binding as this one . I have opened & closed my books a hundred times or better over the past Five years , and they are holding up just fine . As with any book that is bound , eventually it will loosen some but just take care of them , dont abuse them , and dont let the kids play with them and they will last . I plan on buying this one for my third child . Also , I dont recommend a cheap ballpoint ink pen for writing in these books - it will smear and make a mess and stick to opposite pages . Invest in a good writing pen .
 I have this memory book for my dd who is now 2 , and am registering for it for baby # 2 . The pages are easy to fill out and gets all the pertinent info . I have had no problems with it falling apart . Fits perfectly into John Lennon keepsake box with baby hat , hospital bands , etc. .
 I have been so happy with this baby book ! I have had it for over a year now . I have had NO problems with it falling apart on me or even loosening up too much . I love the theme and the pages are so easy to fill out . It is a great looking book inside and out-infact , I am going to get my 2 year old daughter the same one since I like it so much more than the one she has now .
 I wish I 'd had this to begin with ! I have a 15 month old and am expecting any day now . I bought one to try and will be buying another for the new baby . I love that this is waterproof and acts as both a mattress cover and crib sheet . Best of all though are the safety factor and convenience of how it attaches with snaps . Now I do n't have to worry about my child pulling up the crib sheet and becoming strangled with it , because it is securely snapped around the crib bars . The snaps also make changing the sheet SOOO much easier , which is especially important when you still have the bumpers on your crib , are pregnant again -LRB- like me -RRB- , and/or have a child who spits up or leaks a lot -LRB- our 1st baby had reflux -RRB- , requiring frequent sheet changes ! -LRB- I 'm buying one for the crib at Grammie 's house too , to make changing them easier on my mom -RRB- . I just wish it came in other colors besides white , to match the crib decor and to not show stains as much , but otherwise this is a terrific product !
 We received one of these as a gift when our first child was born . We then bought a second -LRB- one to wash and one to use , as someone else said -RRB- , and when our second child was born one year after the first , we got a third pad . We also used them under the sheets of the full-size bed when the kids graduated to that -LRB- though they tend to shift , and you have to position them in the key area , but it protected the mattress and was more comfortable than the full-size waterproof mattress pads -RRB- . This is now the very practical gift that I give to any new parents or parents-to-be . It saved me tons of time and effort , and I just like to pass on the favor to others . Very practical , not very cutsie , but extremely useful and generally well-appreciated by anyone who uses it .
 I absolutely love this product . It 's so quick and easy to change-it literally takes me 30 seconds . I do n't know what I would do without it .
 We were given one of these by a friend with the rest of her baby bedding . I was not sure how to work the thing , but when she explained it just goes on top of the mattress and you `` snap '' it around the crib slats , I was THOROUGHLY excited . It is time consuming , nail breaking , and tough to change most cribs today with the heavy duty mattresses and I literally have not had to change out my baby 's crib sheet . The crib sheet is a cute decoration , but she really sleeps on top of the mattress pad . It 's soft and REALLY comfortable and worth every penny .
 We have twins and these mattress pads are much more convenient than trying to wrestle with getting new sheets on the cribs in the middle of the night . They are holding up well through frequent washings and are easy to attach . I gave it 4 stars because it 's not extremely soft , though it is n't bad . I also like that the top layer is breathable - gives me peace of mind .
 soft , easy to attach , absorbs well , do n't have to lift mattress to change , can still see cute sheet from side of crib
 I have a seven month old that has spit up and drooled since he was born . This mattress pad is the best at keeping the moisture off of him . I would recommend buying two , so you always have one on the bed when washing the other .
 I like this pad . It 's easy to put on and take off . Easy to clean . It even absorbs any wetness my son spills -- so far big spit ups and urine -- so that it 's not right up against his face or body . We bought 2 ! One to wash and one to use . The only thing I do n't like is that it covers up the sheets and kinda ruins the decor . But I still think that 's better than having to wash the sheets AND the matress pad .
 You said it New Mommy from Maryland , I ca n't understand the below comments . This product is a must have , do yourself a huge favor and buy two of them , trust me you will only thank yourself at 2am ! Worth every penny ! After washing mine they smelled like downey and felt soft . My crib mattress fits so snug and tight that I ca n't lift it out of the crib to put a new crib sheet on the mattress . I have had mine for 3 years now and they have held up very well .
 My sister who has 4 kids insisted I buy this and boy was she right ! Those of you who say it takes time to snap it on and off are n't thinking about what you have to do to change the crib sheet . First of all , the bumper has to be removed just to get to the mattress in any reasonable fashion and that 's a pain to tie on and off . Especially when you get it on there just right . Then you have to lift up the mattress to get to the sheet bottom and pull it over the corners . Did I mention that moving the mattress causes that cute little dust ruffle to get out of poistion ? Ugh , I do n't think so.I 'd much rather deal with a few straps and snaps then have my daughter sit on a soaking sheet -LRB- this pad wicks away the moisutre -RRB- and have to go through so much trouble to change it.As far as the `` imprint '' on her face , I have n't noticed any and she has n't been bothered .
 This is by far the best mattress pad I have seen . When you feel it you can tell that it is quality made and after many washings , it is still like brand new . It fits the crib perfectly.I only gave it 4 stars out of 5 for 1 reason . It has elastic bands with snaps on it - I thought to attach to the crib . BUT if you do that you can not put on the sheet ! So I just leave them off now .
 I bought this safe padded sheet for my four month baby , it 's perfecto to safe the sheet and breathe . Good quality , and nice price .
 This product was recommended to me by my sister-in-law after I complained about how difficult it was to change the crib sheet . This mattress pad is the number one , it 's a time saver and no need to by multiple crib sheets if using this mattress pad.It has been a real time saver when my daughter had an accident or got sick in the night , I just unsnapped the soiled pad and either replaced it with a clean pad or left her sleep on the sheet that was underneath . I highly recommend this product to anyone who does n't feel like struggling to change the crib sheet .
 I had been searching for awhile for a Noah 's Ark Baby Book for my 3rd daughter Alexia . I was so thrilled when I finally saw this one on-line . I have always been pleased with all my products bought on-line from Amazon.com , and this is no exception . I recieved it in only a few days flat . Their shipping is so fast , and I only paid regular shipping . Not only that , but I was well pleased with the product . The pages are sturdy , and filled with beautiful bright pastel colors to make note of so many special events in her life , covering 7 years time at that . The illustrations on the front and throughout the book are adorable , and the outer cover has got a soft cushion touch to it . It 's so nice . I am very pleased , and I will be coming back for more baby items . = 0 -RRB-
 I found this at a Babies R Us and have been very pleased with it 's quality . Our son was adopted from Guatemala and found I could write about his unique arrival into our family weaved into several different pages . Except for one page with something on the back , I could remove the pages that do n't pertain to pregnancy , etc. . At first I was surprised how many pictures it ask to be glued down since my own baby book did not , but now I 'm excited to add the pictures I have of his 1st bath , him sleeping , our family , etc. . Since it is a 3-ring binder , I 've added an extra half dozen page protectors and filled them with plane ticket stubs , newspaper clips about his first 22 '' midwest snow , greeting cards , etc. .
 My daughter is 6 months old and we received this baby book as a gift when she was born . We love the quality of the book and find it easy to fill in . It asks for information I never would have thought of on my own but will love sharing with my daughter when she 's older.The only drawback is the lack of space to add additional information , pictures , or keepsakes . I wish it had pockets in the back or a way to add pages as right now I just keep extra things like cards , photos , and Dr. notes in the box the book came in . Other than that , the book is wonderful for a girl or a boy and I would highly recommend it !
 I was given this for my first baby and I love it ! It 's so cute and it 's pages have everything you would want a memory book to have . I am having so much fun filling it out and I just know my son will enjoy reading it later .
 I have Boy/Girl twins so the Noah 's Ark , 2 by 2 theme was perfect for us . The unisex colors are appropriate for both my boy and my girl.The looseleaf binding is ideal , allowing me to add extra pages where I need them . They also included plastic `` pocket pages '' for extra items like immunization records , early scribbles , etc.Most importantly , C.R. Gibson stands behind their guarantee . When we discovered one of our books was missing pages that the other had , one quick call to the company 's customer servive center was all it took ! The representative was courteous and had the pages replaced immediately and without any hassles.Choose any C.R. Gibson book & you will not be disappointed !
 I have two books -- one for each of my sons . The book is adorable without being too feminine . The subject ideas are also great -- they remind you to document things you might otherwise not think of . The pages are beautiful and easy to write on.However , I have two complaints . The pages in one of the books came out of the binding -- they are loose and fall out every time I pick up the book . It supposedly comes with a lifetime guarantee and I am going to test it out and try to get my book replaced . The other problem is there are too many `` firsts '' in the book . For example , the first time you drew a picture , the first time you held your bottle , the first song you sang , etc. . I find that most of these events occurred gradually and incompletely . I ended up leaving lots of blanks in the book because there was no definitive `` first time '' for many indicated events .
 I love this book . Besides all the places to write notes , it has plenty of spaces for pictures . I LOVE that it has plastic pockets in the back for cards and things . I also LOVE that it is a binder . I have added many pages with pictures and letters . I like that I can add 8x10 sheets of my own in addition to all the sheets provided.I am getting another one for our next arrival !
 Purchasing with online sellers like aBaby , makes online shopping a pleasure and not the nightmare we often hear about . Thanks and God bless . That 's why I like to shop on amazon , cuz I trust their sellers .
 I thought I 'd write a review , since there was n't one for these blankets . These blankets are really nice . After washing , they were larger than the Carter 's blankets , so I imagine they did n't shrink as much although both are supposed to be 30x40 . Cutest pattern -LRB- Love the Malawi ! -RRB- . Softness is great -LRB- of course not as soft as microfiber or fleece , but equivalent to the Carter 's -RRB- . They seem sturdy , and have a nice reinforced edging on all sides . They are greener than they appear in the picture , but this is of no concern to me . They are one sided patterned -LRB- like most -RRB- , so you know .
 I really like these blankets . They are a little bit thicker and softer than other receiving blankets you would purchase in a pack . I use these to swaddle my little girl -LRB- 6wks old -RRB- at bedtime . Needless to say , I have laundered them many times and they have held up really well . Overall , I think they are pretty wonderful .
 I do n't understand all the bad reviews . The blankets are the perfect weight - not too thin or thick . I do n't think they are that drying machine friendly . Try hang drying . The little pills do n't bug me so much .
 So soft , you ca n't find something more comfortable than these sheets.I got it so fast , -LSB- ... -RSB- ships it out so fast , that I had it in no time .
 No , the wheel does n't swivel . for this price range , you do n't want it to . If you have the money for a BOB , get one . If you want an inexpensive , quality stroller to jog with your 12 month or older child , this is it . I am completely satisfied and continue to use it once or twice per week .
 So far , so good with this stroller . Its sturdy , folds nicely and goes well over different terrains .
 I got this for my husband and he absolutely loves it ! He really likes the big wheels and says it 's perfect for him . I , however , do n't like that the front wheel is fixed . It 's very hard for me to maneuver it . I did n't know the wheel was fixed when I purchased it so please make sure you know that before you buy a jogging stroller !
 We wanted a jogging stroller so that , when walking in the park , our son did n't jiggle out his little teeth . -LRB- Our current stroller had the `` normal '' stroller wheels , which made for a VERY bumpy ride . -RRB- The InStep stroller works like a charm . Heck , half the time I do n't even have to push ! It just rolls along under its own steam . The ride is very smooth , and the stationary wheel is actually nice - keeps our son from kareening down into the bayou . -LRB- We live in Houston - lots of bayous to walk around/near in parks . -RRB- Our son is just about 1 yr old , and this stroller -LRB- size wise -RRB- should last till he 's at least 31/2 . LOTS of growing room.I recommend this stroller to anyone looking for a good `` walking/jogging '' stroller . Not really room for a full sized diaper bag - so keep in mind this would probably be a secondary stroller . BUT , I love being able to keep one stroller in the car , and one in the garage .
 My son and I had done so much roadwork in his first year that we `` killed '' his standard stroller . I took a chance on this stroller , mostly because it was so inexpensive , and I 've been ecstatic with its performance . The inflatable bicycle type tires give my son a much smoother ride , and the handle grips are soft and comfortable . I love that there are safety features like the wrist strap and hand brake -LRB- similar to that on a ten-speed bike -RRB- as well as such sturdy wheel stops . Be aware that it does n't fold as compactly as your standard travel system -LRB- due to the front wheel 's size and inability to rotate parallel to the stroller 's frame -RRB- , but it still fits in the trunk of my Versa , so you wo n't need an SUV or luggage rack to get around with it . Jogging strollers have larger overall footprints than standard strollers , but this one is not substantially wider , so we have no trouble negotiating doorways so far . We use this for shopping and errands , too . We 're happy . Hope you will be , too .
 I wanted to have a stroller for walking and running , this has been great . My daughter likes it too . She enjoys being able to look at where we are going instead of the baby carrier kind where she stares at me the whole time . This also allows me to have a longer workout time since she is happy . I the only think is that the brake does n't catch so much , but it has a safety wrist leash , so it is still safe . Hope this helps .
 This is a great stroller . It is especially good for walking on rough surfaces where you could never take a traditional stroller with small wheels . It went together nicely and easily and seems to be very well made
 I have enjoied this running stroller . I ues it 4 times a week . great price great product .
 The stroller is a great buy , it is sturdy , easy to strap the baby in and seeming very comfortable for him - he falls asleep in it every day during our walk !
 I already had this stroller and knew how great it was , so decided to get one for my brother in-law . It arrived the very next day even though I had the slowest shipping . the quickest all round transaction I have done on Amazon .
 it arrived a lot sooner than i anticipated that it would , which was fantastic . the stroller its self was brand new , still wrapped in the original plastic .
 Bought this along with a portable crib . Great price and perfect quality . Made the stay of my son 's visiting family easier .
 The mattress pad fits the Pack N ' Play Playard we ordered and has held up to many washings . I like the thickness of the plastic liner .
 Good product , well made , washes well . Arrived in good condtion . Wish they made one to fit a pack n play .
 Works well but not really sure it is necessary since the mattress has a waterproof cover on it . Guess it provides a little more cushion
 I searched everywhere for a mattress pad without the vinyl backing for my pack n play . I was going to order the Snoozy Organic Cotton Waterproof PlayYard Pad but I bought that for my daughter a few years ago and it shrunk so small that it caused the mattress to bow and bunch up . I just received the American Baby mattress pad and it is definitely fluffy enough to provide some extra comfort for my baby which is all I wanted ... I 'm not interested in the vinyl to protect the mattress underneath because the mattress is already covered in vinyl , I actually wanted to use the pad to reduce the crunching sound and provide an extra barrier between the vinyl on the mattress and my baby . What I did was just pull a little on the vinyl backing on the pad and it ripped right out . Easy if you do n't want the vinyl ... but if you are looking for a waterproof pad then I 'd be weary because the vinyl is really flimsy -- obviously if I can pull on it just a teeny bit and it rips right out ! The pad is VERY SMELLY and I am assuming this is from the vinyl as well -LRB- have n't washed it yet -RRB- ... all the more reason to rip it out ! Little babies do n't produce enough urine to cause a big wet bed anyway ... so overall I 'm happy with the purchase , it 's suiting my needs but like I said if you want a nice sturdy waterproof pad you might not be happy with this one .
 Good to have and easy to wash . Little tight but once baby is on the mat then it flattens out .
 I ordered this to provide just a little extra cushion because my daughter will be sleeping in a pack 'n play for a few months and was worried about using a soft mattress pad . I have this PnP - Graco Pack 'N Play On the Go Travel Playard , Go Greenand the sheet is snug . I 'll have to make sure to wash it on the right settings so it does n't shrink but it works perfectly .
 This is a perfect portable crib mattress pad . Super soft and just the right size . I recently bought the Kolcraft portacrib mattress , this fit perfect and was exactly what I was looking for ! It gave the added comfort to the mattress that I wanted .
 When I read the reviews on this product , people were mentioning whether it fit all sorts of portable cribs . But I could n't find any that talked about the most popular porta-crib which is the Graco Pack N Play . I took a chance and bought it and it does fit ! Woo-hoo ! It 's soft and cushy too so I 'm looking forward to my baby to enjoy it . However , I have not washed it yet . Because of some of the negative reviews , I will resort to hand washing and air drying to avoid those problems .
 Fits our graco pack and play nicely and adds a little cushion to the pack and play very stiff mattress . Glad we got it .
 Really happy with the fast shipping , I received it 2 days after I ordered it . Washed it and let it air dry and it stayed in perfect condition . I just followed the washing directions on the package and washed it in cold water.I have n't put in in my daughter 's crib yet but I ca n't wait to . It 's so think and soft . Very happy with my order and product from American Baby !
 This is such a wonderful product . I searched for quite some time trying to find a waterproof mattress pad for our port-a-crib and this one is perfect . I could not find it in ANY stores , so I 'm so thankful to find it online for a fair price !
 This was just what I was looking for . I have a portable crib for my 7 month old grandson and the mattress just need a little more padding ... I am very happy with this purchase .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . It fits my old porta crib mattress perfectly .
 I bought this because I am expecting my 4th baby on Aug 26th 2011 , after 8 years since my youngest was born , and I wish we had these playpen mattress protectors with my other 3 . I do have to stretch it a bit for it to fit , but I LOVE just knowing that her playpen is n't going to get germy from diaper blowouts and puke . I will have to comment on this after I have her and let you know how it holds up !! = -RRB-
 I bought this because I read several reviews that it fits the DaVinci 5 '' Mini Crib mattress . It does fit , although I wish it would wrap underneath a bit further . But it 's difficult to find bedding for the mini cribs , and this does the job . I bought the Gerber knit crib sheet from Babies R ' Us and it fits over the mattress and mattress pad nicely . It wraps further under the mattress than the pad , helping to ensure that it stays on . It 's more plush than I expected or desired . I washed it and hung it to dry before using it , so I 'm not sure how it holds up in the dryer . But it seems that it would hold up well over time with proper care . I 'd recommend this product .
 I ordered this for my mini crib and it fits perfect . I read all the reviews before and I thought it was a great mattress . I use regular size crib sheets on it . I did use my pack and play sheets and they also fit but they did not cover the sides of the mattress .
 Works and fits perfect on the protable mattress I purchased . Washes and dries well . No noticeable shrinkage . Highly recommend .
 We put an LA Baby mattress in our pack n play since that is where our son slept while in our room . This mattress pad fits that mattress well . It does make him a little warm with the vinyl backing , but the waterproof aspect works well !
 PERFECT fit ! Thick , elastic goes around the entire pad , with a deep fit , and it 's soft to the touch ! Fits my Delta mini-crib perfectly . Very happy with this purchase ... it was even 4 dollars cheaper than current eBay sellers . :--RRB- Love Amazon !
 I purchased this to go along with the Dream on Me portable mattress for our Pack N Play . It fits great , very soft and washes great . I love this item and it is exactly what I was looking for .
 I ordered this mattress cover for my baby 's Dream on Me mini crib . It fits perfectly on the mattress that came with the crib . I plan on ordering a few more .
 Good Waterproof Mattress Pad Cover . It is erased in the washing machine , it is possible to dry.Waterproof , real thread stitching , not that cheap `` punch '' seaming I 've seen on some mattress pads . It accommodates a thicker-than-average porta-crib mattress . -LRB- We got a 3 '' one and added the 1 '' softer one that came with the crib , and it covers all snuggly -RRB- I hope we will use it some years .
 This cover is excellent ! It fits my chicco play yard perfectly and is awesome because now my son can drink his bottles in there and not get milk all over the padding ! love it
 This is an excellent product . It is well made and plush . Fits the porta crib mattress perfecly . I will refer to my friends .
 Ordered two of these for Pack n'play Graco mattresses . Fits almost perfectly . The corners tug in a big but it makes it snug in the crib . Works just fine . Item is soft and plushie enough that with a sheet , I dont need to purchase anything else . I washed and hung to dry . Have used the dryer with liners and plastic items before - bad experiences . I lined dried this and it worked just fine . :-RRB- Live in FL so there 's plenty of sun and heat to dry my items.Overall
 Very pleased with this wonderful pad . It certainly met our hopes and expectations for a quality , comfortable pad for our grand baby 's new mattress . Great transaction .
 I like this pad . It is thick , comfy , and waterproof . Good quality . However , it is a bit small for a Pack n ' Play , so has to stretch and bunches up the mattress -LRB- but , I am still using it -RRB- . It 's probably my fault for not checking the measurements , but just so anyone else knows that it does n't fit Pack n ' Play quite right .
 This mattress pad fits my Graco pack n play perfectly . I especially like how it makes the pack n play seem a little more comfortable without compromising safety . It has 2 layers , the cotton quilted layer and a separate VINYL waterproof layer . I would have preferred a polyurethane waterproofing , but this mattress pad does a good job and appears to be of good quality so far .
 Before ordering this mattress cover , I was concerned that it would n't fit the DaVinci Crescent 50 coil mattress because the mattress is 5.5 '' thick , but it fits perfectly . I 've also found that the Koala Baby portable crib sheets sold at Babies R Us fit the mattress without a problem , and they 're very affordable -LRB- $ 7 - $ 9 each -RRB- .
 love it ! made our mattress so much more comfortable . i liked it so much i got one for our regular sized crib too . i used it on a portacrib , not a playpen , so I do n't know about fit on those .
 We travel with our baby frequently and I was looking for a mattress cover that had some padding to make the PnP more comfortable for baby , as well as protecting the mattress from any leaks or spit up . This mattress cover is perfect!It IS a very snug fit . The Graco PnP mattresses fold accordion style and when you stretch this over the mattress , it 's going to fold up -LRB- hello ... tight elastic stretched over something that bends ... common sense ! -RRB- , but when you stretch it out in your PnP -LRB- where it should fit snugly -RRB- it will not make the mattress fold up . It fits very snugly over the mattress and even bulks up the mattress a tad making it an even more snug fit into the PnP . Our baby loves it and is just as comfortable in her PnP when traveling as she is at home in her crib.I also highly recommend the American Baby Company cotton jersey porta-crib sheets to go with this !
 I had purchased a porta-crib for my grandaughter 's visit over the holidays . This pad washes nicely and is good protection for the mattress . Porta-crib bed linens are hard to find in stores I ordered this from Amazon . Well worth the money and a quality product . I recommend this portable crib mattress pad to others .
 Just what I was hoping for . Waterproof , real thread stitching , not that cheap `` punch '' seaming I 've seen on some mattress pads . It accommodates a thicker-than-average porta-crib mattress . -LRB- We got a 3 '' one and added the 1 '' softer one that came with the crib , and it covers all snuggly -RRB- . It washed up nice -LRB- though I 've only washed it once and ca n't testify to it 's durability over time -RRB- . But when I opened it I thought `` GOOD ! Just what I was hoping ! ''
 I was very happy to find this crib protector as I was unable to find it in stores or other websites .
 I was 100 percent satisfied when I received this mattress pad . It was exactly what I was looking for . The thickness was just perfect .
 I got this for my new mini crib . I 've never had a &#34; mini &#34; crib before so this was a total learning experiance . The pad itself is really nice and soft and absorbant , all pluses . It fits the mini mattress just fine as well . So overall I would reccommend this to friends/family .
 I was a little surprised that it fit a little small on the matt , but it did the job . Excellent price
 I purchased 2 of these and washed them numerous times in a 3 week period and they are like new .
 This mattress cover is exactly as described . Washed up nicely and fits the mattress snuggly . Great price for the quality .
 This mattress pad arrived in a timely manner . I washed & dryed it right away . The quality of seems very satisfactory and fits the `` Dream on Me '' -LRB- 3 in . -RRB- foam mattress just fine ! It fits our 3 yr old pack n play & its new mattress just right ! Very pleased -
 I purchased this mattress pad for my porta-crib about a year ago & used it constantly & it was perfect ! I washed it almost everyday & hung it to dry . Still looks brand new ! This is an absolute must have ! : -RRB-
 I have a portable crib mattress that measures 381/2 '' L x 24 '' W x 3 '' D -LRB- thick -RRB- and I was n't sure if this was going to fit . I just received it and tried it on my mattress and it fits perfectly . If the mattress were bigger in any way it would be too small . I know some people with 5 inch width/thick mattresses have said that this will fit but I have to say I ca n't see how it would . I would n't order it for a mattress bigger than I have stated above . As for quality , it seems fine . My baby has n't arrived yet so I can not attest to its efficiency only its size .
 So far so good - our daughter has n't arrived yet so I ca n't speak to it 's absorbancy or anything like that . I will say it washed well and fit our porta-crib perfectly .
 Was exactly as described . It fits the mattress nicely . I have n't had to wash it yet so I do n't know if it will hold up but I would recommend it .
 This is perfect fit for the port a crib mattress ! Probably does n't fit pack n plays like other reviews mention because that is n't what it is made for . Pack n plays have a different mattress size then the Port a crib.This is soft and cozy for our baby ! She is the ultimate judge and she has no complaints !
 I use these in playpens in my preschool/childcare , there well used and hold up great , i wash them every other day and still holding up years later
 It fits my 5 '' thick mini crib mattress perfect . Unlike a lot of other sheets and mattress pads , it actually wraps all the way around all sides . On the flip side , it 's not too loose either . Great fit ! Exactly the right size . What a relief to not fight to get it on the mattress!The thickness of the padding , is actually padding , not just another thick sheet . And the water proof layer is n't all noisy and cheep.Love love love this mattress pad !
 My baby does n't sleep in his crib that long for me to know if its really waterproof , but it is very soft and fits snug on our Graco Pack n play in zurich .
 this product was brought for a play yard didnt fit the one we purchased but seemed to be a good product but i had to return .
 This was perfect for the mattress I bought on Amazon to fit in my Pack n Play . I loved how even tho it was a waterproof one , it was still soft for the baby to sleep on !
 I bought one of these for my Graco Pack 'n Play and one for the mattress of a cradle that 's been in my mother-in-law 's family for generations . The pad fit each mattress equally well , is nice and thick without being too soft , and stays put -LRB- so far ! -RRB- . I do n't have a wriggly baby yet , but I believe the pad will hold its position well . I 'm very pleased with the roominess of the pockets and the tension of the elastic . A good solid product for the money .
 Excelente para cubrir el colchoncito del bebe en el corral.Buena marca.Absorbe el liquido y muy funcional.Lo recomiendo ampliamente .
 this is an amazing waterproof porta-crib pad , makes it more kushy and nice!American Baby Company Waterproof Fitted Quilted Porta-Crib Mattress Pad Coveramazing fit for dream on me 3 '' mattress ! Very happy for grandma 's house!Dream On Me 3 '' Portable Crib Mattress
 I love this product and it 's saved me from having to wash the port-a-crib when someone has an accident ... I do a daycare and like that the waterproof mattress pad will protect the cribs and keep the children safe from germs if someone 's diapers leak.ThanksAmy
 I bought this to use with my mini-crib which has the DaVinici 50 Coil mattress , the mattress is 5.5 '' thick . It fits it perfectly !! I have washed and dried it with no problem as well . Being there is a limited selection of products for the mini-cribs , I 'm glad to find one that fits!Update . I have 3 of these things , 14 months later and mine are still holding strong . I dry them on hot and they have n't warped at all . I wish I could find fitted sheets -LRB- that are n't more than $ 20/piece -RRB- for the mattress that fit as well as these do .
 This is a decent mattress pad for a porta crib . My only wish is that it were a little deeper . I bought a mattress whic is as thick as a regular mattress for my mini crib and it barely fits this size mattress , but does the job .
 The mattress pad was just what we needed before putting the sheets on to protect the mattress . it all looks and feels as the product stated .
 This is soft and does its job well . I have never had any issues with it . It also gives just a little bit of poof and could service as a sheet by itself , although I use it under a sheet .
 The American Baby Company Waterproof porta-crib mattress pad is excellent ! Soft , durable , installs easily , and washes well . Our grandbabies slept well !
 This fitted mattress cover fits the Graco Pack n Play mattress perfectly and protects it from any surprise baby `` accidents '' when it 's under a fitted topsheet . It washes up well and so far has held together well through multiple washings .
 This is a great product and works well for grandma 's house . We did not have any issues with it . When it arrived , we washed it and put it on the bed . Our son sleeps well with it at grandma 's as it mimics the feeling of his crib at home .
 This cover fits well on the mattress for the Graco Pack 'n Play play yard . It washes up well without shrinking .
 excellent product of very good quality and useful for its purpose.very good price for this product.thank you very much .
 this is not like the fitted ` waterproof ' sheets I had for my kids ... well made and fabric covered - soft and comfy
 We bought this product to go over our Mamadoo mattress topper for our Graco playpen after reading the reviews and advice from others customers . Those reviews are much appreciated , by the way . Arrived quickly and neatly . No complaints . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 This really completes the crib mattress we bought . The plastic liner that makes it waterproof is a bit of a joke . It cracked and tore after a very few washings . Fortunately , it was easy to tear off all the way and the quilted fabric part is just fine and very usable , still .
 This was so smart to buy . This make clean up from a messy night easy without having to deal with the actual pack & play 's mattress . Well worth the investment .
 Almost bought a mattress , for my Graco Pack N Play , tried this instead and it really works well with the Heavenly Soft Chenille Porta-Crib sheet over it , very comfy and a good solution , also easy to store when the babies leave .
 Great crib mattress cover . Well made . Stood up to plenty of washings and fits snugly of the mattresses . Very cozy for babies .
 I own the Original full sized Arms Reach Co Sleeper , and this mattress pad works perfectly with it . I 've never had a leak with this , works great . Its not like sleeping on a pillow , but it really is n't too firm either . I feel the baby is quite comfortable between this and the sheet .
 I purchased this to use on a portacrib 3 '' mattress for my grandson when visiting . It is super soft and appears very comfortable . He actually slept very well .
 I am so glad this fits the Davinci mini crib mattress that is 5.5 '' thick ! It fits pretty well , the length fits perfect . The side length does not have hardly any access , but with a good fitting sheet over this matress pad , my assessment is it is safe to use for my 9 month old daughters crib . I did a ton of research on sheets & mattress pads that fit the davinci mini cribs -LRB- hours ! -RRB- ... this was by far the cheapest , & I love that it 's soft & does n't feel cheap . Ordering another one right now !
 The mattress has excellent quilting and padding ; however , it can not be dried in the dryer on a LOW setting . Would recommend washing ; then hang to air dry . If you have a dryer with an air dry setting use that . Washed and hung the mattress cover then air dried ; when almost completely dried ; placed it in my dryer on the air setting which dried it perfectly . For my own personal information , once dried , I set my dryer setting to low heat and immediately you could smell the vinyl backing . When I removed the mattress cover after a few SECONDS there was a tiny scorched area on the end of the mattress cover .
 I bought this to go along with my 3 '' portable pack and play mattress , and I am very happy and satisfied with it . Not sure what else to say , if you need a mattress pad for your portable mattress , just get this one .
 I liked the product . the pictures are a little misleading I thought , it looked a lot thicker in the pictures , I bought it so the children would have more padding . Its not that thick . I do like the product though , the fact its waterproof is definitely very helpful.Overall great product just different than what I thought I was receiving .
 Good price and good product . Fit well with the pack n play mattress . Mattress cover is a must have when you have new baby .
 This is a nice quality mattress pad for a Pack and Play . It washed up beautifully and adds a little extra cushioning to the P&P mattress .
 Both Grandma and I use these waterproof playpen sheets for the mattress of our Graco Pack and Plays . They are in fact waterproof and quite thick and soft . It definitely makes the playpen mattress a lot softer for baby , but still fits snugly . Easy to wash and dry , well made , etc. . I highly recommend .
 Had to get this quickly because baby was being moved from a smaller crib . It arrived in recordvtime and did not shrink when laundered .
 I was pleased with the thickness , material and overall quality of this pad for a porta-crib . Definitely a good purchase .
 I love this ! Soft , works great , very happy with the price and loving the convenience of making the pack n'play a comfy temporary bed for our little one !
 I would n't let my new grand daughter lay on just anything ... this was n't just anything !! Super great experience !! Would order again .
 The waterproof mattress pad fits very well . It is very soft and comfortable . I would highly recommend this mattress pad .
 Have n't had a chance to use this yet , but it fits the porta crib perfectly .
 We 're going to save a ton of money using this . It 's a great product . I 'm telling friends/family about it . great delv too .
 I HAD A PLAY PEN WHICH PEYTON SLEPT ON . HE DID NOT SLEEP VERY GOOD IN IT . I DECIDED TO BUY A PORTABLE BED AND THIS MATTRESS AND NOW HE SLEPTS ALL NIGHT IN IT .
 This was just exactly what we needed -- arrived quickly and just as described . Very happy to do business through Amazon.com
 I bought the Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Bassinet for my niece when she was pregnant and bought this mattress pad and a couple of fitted sheets for it . I do n't know if she has used it yet but at least I know she is well outfitted if she needs it . They are spending Christmas in Hawaii with this 3 month-old grand nephew of mine so maybe they will take it along.American Baby Company Waterproof Fitted Quilted Porta-Crib Mattress Pad
 I have this bouncer seat except in the older pattern Jungle Paws -LRB- navy and green with animals -RRB- . What a wonderful bouncer seat !! It is great for traveling , folds up very easy and stores in a bag . The seat also has music and vibrator options . Also comes with a removable canopy . Has a washable seat pad . The seat is lightweight and compact . One thing I hated about my old Fisher Price bouncer seat is that it did n't fold up for storage purposes and was bulky and awkward to stuff in the closet . The ONLY downfall to the Graco seat is the weight limit ... 18lbs . Most seats can hold up to 25lbs. , but I would still recommend it !
 We bought this for my 10 week old daughter and she absolutely loves it -LRB- so do I -RRB- . It is easy to fold it and put it away when it is not in use . I definately recommend it !
 We love this bouncy chair ! We have a different one for home , so we decided to try this folding one for travel . It works great ! Folds down small enough to carry aboard the plane . I have already recommended this to other people .
 These bouncers are great . You might use them for a single child . I do know a realative that has quads and she loves them.The only sad thing is that they are about to out grow them . Since they are about to outgrow them she will not be able to use them much longer.Happy Bouncer ShopingMaggie Blane42240
 Very soft and nice color . Wish it fit the pad a bit better , but otherwise great for the price . Holds up well with Washington too .
 100 % cotton is a plus . This fits standard contoured changing pad , even though it says it fits flat changing table cover .
 We bought two of these and am glad we did . We have a flat changing table , and most of the covers seem to be for curved ones . I did n't think I could find my color , but this company did have a purple option . Score ! These wash pretty well , and if I were better with the stain stick I 'm sure they would remain spotless -LRB- mine are not -RRB- . Glad we have two so there 's always something covering the table regardless of how big a mess we made on the last change .
 I had so much trouble finding a flat cover ; all the others were for curved changing pads . This one has been exactly what I was looking for . It 's very soft for him to lay on and the color matches his room perfectly ! Very happy !
 I bought this thinking it was for a changing pad -LRB- there are no slits for the security strap -RRB- . Yet , I use it anyway because its super soft and has quality fabric .
 I 'm glad to see SOME baby items in bold colors . After all - high contrast is what newborns can actually detect ! This fits on a standard changing table pad fairly well , and the material is fine . It 's a good deal for the price .
 This cover was purchased for our baby 's bathinette which is housed in a bathroom . We like to cover the bathinette which is vinyl with a changing pad . The surface is very slippery when wet . Wet baby , wet surface make a dangerous area for baby . The terrycloth is perfect because after after bath , it soaks up the water and the surface is not slippery at all .
 This is a good buy at an affordable price , necessary for everybody with an infant , or toddler still in diapers . Bright colors appeal to the wee ones .
 Igot this product on time . Was exactly what we needed for their changing table . The color fits well with their bedroom and it 's good quality as well . I 've washed it so many times and it still has it softness and color ! Great !
 This color is very vibrant and that 's what we wanted . It fit our changing table pad , which we also purchased through amazon . It looks great !
 these are small enough for a newborn would not buy if you have older babies unless you want to use them as a burp rags .
 Very good quality changing pad cover . We have a flat changing pad , and it 's difficult to find covers to fit it . This one works well , although it 's not elasticized all the way around . The cotton is good quality , though , and the selection of colors is excellent .
 So far so good . Washed once to make sure all chemicals are out and no tearing up . It is very tight so it makes thinner flat mattresses bow up a little .
 I washed and dried the cover as soon as I got it and now it does n't really fit the way it should . Otherwise , it is a good color and it will do the job .
 Bought this for our flat changing pad , which it fits . However , it 's very cheaply made , not . Like the plush contoured pads . Was expecting it to be a little thicker than it is , but still gets the job done .
 I like this cover . Unlike other heavy ones , this one is light and easy to clean . Feels smooth on skin as well .
 I have psoriasis and this soap gives good relief . Also lathers very well . Fair price . I would buy again . thank you
 loved the old fashioned aroma and feel of this soap , also the coconut oil with witch hazel was great for for the skin ... will use again !
 The soap does exactly what its aid to do.Great results , cleaner skin and less acne . Noticable difference in the clearness of my skin . I reccomend a moisterizer for use after as well
 This soap was recommend it by a friend , to avoid yeast infections , and urinary rack infections , and so far it has been great ! , I truly recommend it !!!
 This soap is wonderful for sensitive or itchy skin - very soothing !! Mild enough for children - highly recommend for anyone wanting a product that is kind to their skin !
 Great product ! Love it ! Very pure and light . Clean and fresh ! Very good for sensitive skin . Can also be used on face for a pure clean .
 I 'm a casual runner and this is my first running stroller . I was looking for something of good enough quality so that my running experience would not be horrible -LRB- so that I would continue to use the running stroller -RRB- , but not break the bank -LRB- in case it turns out I do n't really get much use from it for other reasons -RRB- . So far it 's performed to my needs very well . Turns out I do n't have much time to use it everyday , so good thing I did n't spend a fortune . It is light enough and works well enough that I enjoy taking the baby out for runs on the weekends.Pro 's : - Tracks well -LRB- runs in a straight line -RRB- - It 's alumnium , is light and does not rust . - Fits in the trunk of a Camry with the front wheel off . Not much room for much else . I doubt I would be able to take it on a vacation or take it to do grocery shopping . - Canopy adjusts well . The top is velcro so you can move it around . - Well balanced so you can easily lift the front wheel to make a tight turn . - Lots of room in the bin and a pretty good cup holder -LRB- for use when not running -RRB- - Has a hand brake , but I find I do n't use it much.Con 's : - The seat is not padded , but it does n't seem like my daughter cares . - Seat is not removable for washing . My child had a leaky diaper and I was not able to remove the fabric for cleaning , but using a wet paper towel did the trick . - The harness is kind of cheap feeling/looking , but it serves it 's purpose . - It 's quite big even when folded up , but I think this is a problem for all running strollers.I use this for running , speed walking and I take it to places where there 's no pavement -LRB- e.g. country side , parks and off-road trails -RRB- . I 'm very satisfied with it 's performance . My other stroller is a Maclaren and I would not be able to do any of this with it .
 I gained 60Lbs with my 7 month old daughter and I have had a horrrible time getting motivated to loose so much weight . I played softball in college so being out of shape was never a problem for me ! It got to the point that I would rather sit on the couch and play with her rather than leave her to go run . So I bought this stroller and it is amazing ! I was also worried about the front wheel not being able to swivel , but the front of the stroller is so light that it practically turns itself ! It is so sturdy and they thought of every safety measure they could ! It practically glides , and dont worry if you have a dirt or bumpy road it is great on anything ! I just can not think of anything greater to do to loose weight . My daughter loves to get out of the house and ride , and I love to have her with me . She got me into this mess so she better help me out of it !! I know my husband loves to see me loosing the weight , although he is smart enough not to say anything ! Ha Ha !!
 we have very uneven sidewalks around here and this stroller treats allows baby to have gentle ride on walks on these sidewalks . even in grass !
 This is a great jogger for it 's price ... It 's lightweight and folds easily and was easy to assemble . All three wheels come off quickly so it can be packed into smaller trunks or spaces . The seat is roomy enough for a good sized/older toddler and the hood gives adequate coverage . It moves along great while speedwalking/jogging but does pull to the left a bit ... though not enough to be a huge bother . The only cons
 this jogger performs very well and is nice and lightweight with the new aluminum frame . the child 's seat is adequate but the back is a bit flimsy - that 's the only complaint . storage is great but if you really run , you ca n't rely on the console cup holder to keep a water bottle - as is true with any jogger . child 's straps are a bit difficult but after a few uses you get more familiar - and you know your child is secure . would defintely recommend this jogger , especially for this price !
 I am really enjoying using the InStep Ultra Runner with my 14 month old daughter . The InStep has a smooth ride , it is easy to manuever over different types of terrain , and seems comfortable for my daughter . I actually am enjoying jogging more than ever . The only negative would be the inability to easily fold it together for travel purposes , but I am assuming that every jogger may have similar difficulties especially when compared to regular strollers .
 Great price for this Spider-Man bust bank . Our son liked it a lot and at the same time he will learn the importance of saving those extra pennys : -RRB-
 Bank is durable . Has large slot so my son can put dollar bills in as well . Very nice .
 i have almost all of the marvel bust banks , they are made well and serve as excellent decorations , on top of storing the kids change .
 my son loves his new bank . i love that it will not break like all the others he has had that were porcelain and whatnot !
 durable , but just wish it was bigger . my son loves it and loves the idea of saving his money . however , wish it wa bigger and better if it was harder to get the money out , because my 4 year old can get the money out too easy .
 Spiderman coin bank is Awesome ! Durable and of great quality . My nephew loved it . Price was great . Although it was a good size ... I was expecting it a bit bigger . Would of liked it to of been bigger but ca n't complain . Still loved it .
 This bank is perfect for my 2 year old son . Its durable as he as dropped it and thrown it around several times and it has not shown any signs of ear and tear . It locks up pretty good and holds a decent amount of change . Plus it looks great , what kid would not want a Spider man piggy bank !
 These sheets are soft , wash well . fit the bassinet matress well and do not shrink in the dryer like other bassinet sheets .
 i had a very hard time finding a fitted sheet to fit my graco travel lite bassinet ! heard bad reveiws about the sheets meant for the system and i decided to try this one out and i am VERY PLEASE BY THE FIT ! works great just what i needed !! i have heard others say to use a standerd pillow case on the graco travel lite systems but that kinda made me feel unsafe with my new born since he will be useing it as his bed for a couple of months after he 's born !
 this is a great sheet for my uppa baby bassinet fits perfectly , and color matches the interior lining , so you ca n't tell that there is a sheet there .
 I was looking for a bassinet sheet that would fit my kolcraft easy reach bassinet , which has an oval mattress . I am extremely pleased with this sheet . It is very soft , the material is a good quality , and it fits . I 've had other sheets that were skimpy and pulled the mattress up . I think this sheet wold work for a variety of bassinets . I 'm thinking of getting another one .
 This bassient sheet fit my oval bassient perfectly . I wanted one that would be soft , fit well , and wash well . I am happy to say this sheet met all my expectations . It is a perfect pale pink . It is super soft material . I am so glad that it didnt change shape , or stretch out in the wash . Just what I needed for my precious new baby !
 Just what I needed . Very soft cotton . No shrinking and it fits the mattress pad perfectly . American Company makes great sheets , dont waste your money on anything else .
 Nice sheet , not that my baby could tell if it was comfy , but I liked it a lot , it fit perfectly the bassinet we had . I remember thinking though that it was a little overpriced , or maybe the shipping was ... I ended up selling it with the crib , total use 2-3 months , since our son outgrew the bassinet and we bought a crib .
 My parents bought an antique cradle for me when I was born . They passed it on to me when my baby was born . Luckily , it still had my 40 year old mattress in it or I would have been at a loss . The cradle is long and narrow -LRB- 15 x 36 -RRB- The only mattress I could find to fit it was 15 x 30 . These sheets worked great and held up well . No problems fitting the 15 x 30 x 2 mattress . Washed well and were very soft . No shrinkage in the dryer .
 The stroller is great for jogging , it goes smooth , it 's light as it has an aluminum frame . The wheels are great for both smooth paved surfaces or for off-road terrain.Although it is hard to detail-tune it , because it does not go totally straight -LRB- maybe half a degree to the right , and after adjusting it , maybe half a degree to the left -RRB- , but you can manage it.Compared to the high-cost jogging strollers , it is just great.Of course the front wheel does not turn , but that 's the design ! it is for jogging ! not for going shopping through narrow aisles.The break needs to be adjusted by a bike expert , the security strap is great.It does not have a ` one-hand-fold ' thing , but it has a practical and secure way to do it . Easy to assemble .
 I love this stroller . I decided to buy this particular model due to the excellent reviews and I am very happy I did . I liked the low price , and the fact that it 's only 17 lbs makes a huge difference in long runs -LRB- I am currently training for a marathon and have to do most of my running with baby -RRB- . The fixed wheel is not too hard to maneuver -LRB- it 's safer to run with a fixed wheel anyway if you are going at a faster pace -RRB- , and the storage is adequate for my needs . I usually put a head stabilizing pad or a blanket behind my little boy for extra padding . I highly recommend this for anyone who does n't want to spend a ton of money on a running stroller .
 I really wanted an orange stroller - and this is an orange stroller -LRB- not red as described -RRB- so if you like orange , it is ! This stroller has everything I need and it was easy to put together , despite the unusually vague instructions . No problems with alignment . I got this model because I thought the hand brake would be helpful ... I was going to use it roller blading but the instructions warn against it . So if I do n't actually roller blade with the stroller , I see no point to the hand brake and wish I had gotten a model with a revolving front wheel , because it truly takes some getting used to tilting the stroller on it 's back wheels to turn it .
 Stroller is very lightweight and great for jogging on pavement ; gives nice smooth run . Have yet to take offroad . Folding/storage is more cumbersome than with some other strollers I 've used due to taking front wheel on/off .
 This stroller provides a smooth , quiet ride for my two month old son whether I 'm walking or running . We run over bumpy , broken pavement and often on packed dirt and he sleeps through it all . I bought an padded insert to help support his body , since he was still too small to sit up on his own , and he 's very comfortable and secure . Easy to steer , easy to assemble , and very lightweight , I 'd recommend this stroller to anyone who is a distance walker or runner . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 Completely happy with this purchase after 11/2 years of use . It is super lightweight and our child seems to enjoy it . This stroller folds down nicely and you can easily remove the wheels -LRB- with the quick releases -RRB- if you want to stow it away in you car trunk or else where . For the price you ca n't beat this one . The roll is good and I use mine often for jogging -LRB- at about 7-8 mph -RRB- ... it does n't slow me down all that much unless there is a head wind . For the most part I barely have to hold on to it when jogging -LRB- I use the wrist strap and just nudge the stroller along with little effort -RRB- It does have a hand brake on the handle for safety ... I like the bright orange color so that if we are on the sidewalk or on the roads we are more visible to drivers . If you are buying something like this for jogging make sure it has at least 16 '' wheels ... for whatever reason they just seem to work better . Probably the only thing that I can think of that could make this product better is if it had a swivel wheel in the front that could be locked into a fixed position . Otherwise this is great ! I would give it a five out of five stars .
 Bought this for a relative 's girl who needed some dinnerware of her very own . Mom was tired of using the boy 's Spiderman stuff . I 'm not into pushing the princess marketing machine over the little ones , so I found this . It 's whimsical and girlie enough without being over the top . The plate is sturdy and the included fork and spoon are weighted well and sized right for the toddler in your life .
 I like this carrier . We have n't really used it that much , but when I have , it works great . It really helps when my daughter 's in a bad mood and I need to get work done . She loves to be carried around . I highly recommend .
 My daughter has been using the blue one just like this one for over 5 months now . We had the blue w / light blue first since she was 2 months old , when I seen this one a few days ago on a new mom in my area I went on a mission to find it ! All the stores within 60 miles were sold out of the pink/charcoal but one ! Thanks Target ! So I drove the 65 miles to get this one too ! This carrier is VERY lightweight , machine washable , baby wipeable , easy to use , just slip it over your head , buckle the latches , put the baby in and go . My daughter sleeps and plays with toys while she 's in it , back or forward facing . It does n't work well with sitting or bending but you are n't supposed to bend over with a baby in a carrier anyways , just hold on tight if you have to . It is sturdy enough and holds well above the hips so even my 9 year old son carries my daughter around for me when I am busy . I highly recommend this product !
 Bought this for my little spiderman fanatic nephew who 's liking the black spiderman more opposed to the red one these days.He likes saving his coins and money so I put two and two together to get him this awesome Spiderman piggy bank .
 I had bought these from a store when my little dude was a little more than three months old . He was young but he instantly took to the bright colors and the ones that made a sound.They are soft , easy to hold -LRB- he practiced how to grip on these -RRB- and I am always sure he wo n't hurt himself with these . Although I 'm not sure how good they are as teethers but he does put the rings in this mouth often . I just wish all of them made some sort of sound because he loves the two that make sounds , the other two he only sort of plays with . All in all , it 's a good block set which he can play with when he is older too .
 I ordered this for my five month old daughter and I want to say that she is n't impressed , however , she may just be too young so I 'll give her more time . She seems to enjoy them for a few minutes then it 's off to something else -LRB- but that 's most babies , right ? -RRB- . I like them because they 're unique , durable and easy to clean . I 'll keep them around for later . I would recommend them .
 I think a baby would love playing with such bright colored blocks .
 I received these as a shower gift before my son was born . Then I threw them in the toy bin , and forgot about them . Two weeks ago , I decided to pull out some different toys for my 6 month old . He loves these ! He chews on them . He rattles them . When he lays on his stomach , he actually uses them as a pillow . It 's so cute ! Why did n't I get these out sooner ??
 We received these as a gift , and have only just realized that they are by the same company that makes all of our son 's favorite toys . He 's been playing with them from about 1-2 months . He loves these boxes , especially the red one with the mirror on the end . They have interesting things for him to grab onto and look at , varied textures , and make different sounds that he likes . He 'll get his hand into the rings , clutch the boxes to his chest and chew on their corners , but he 'll also spend minutes just staring at the red one and cooing happily . We thought he was looking at himself in the mirror when he did that , and sometimes he is -- but as often as not he 's just admiring the patterning on the side . Great toys for a small infant .
 My six month old grandson loves these toys ! They are perfect for the teether and he loves the colors and noise . They hold his attention for much longer than some of his other toys . They are easy for him to hold and shake . I would buy them again in a minute .
 My 8 month daughter received these at birth . They have never seemed to hold her attention , but perhaps this is particular to her . My biggest complaint is that they are surface-wash only . Any toy designed for infants to put into their mouths should be able to be throughly washed in the washer !!! -LRB- Perhaps just my opinion ... -RRB- My daughter adores the infantino barn animals and they are machine-washable . This is a better product . : -RRB-
 This was a gift for my now 13 week old son . He is just starting to grasp objects and loves the raised bumps on the teether-handles . The Square toys holds a cat ball inside and is a huge hit as well . He loves watching the ball turn as I rotate the toy . There are different fabics on the sides of the toys to stimulate infants -LRB- satin , felt , ribbed , mirror , ect -RRB- I love that the objects are extra large , so they are easy to grab and play with . Furthermore , there is plenty of the clear plastic top for him to be able to see the objects inside . -LRB- Some toys only allow a small hole and if difficult for that young age to see inside . -RRB- I was thrilled that someone gave this to us for it is defintely a Keeper !
 Our son really likes to sink his teeth in this toy . Easy to use and wash . Makes a good noise to get his attention but not overwhelming .
 These cute little blocks are great . So much to see and do much packed into such a small , simple item . We introduced these to my son when he was about 3 months old and he still loves them now at 7.5 months . Each block comes with varying colorful patterns , textures -LRB- felt , corduroy , etc. -RRB- , a clear vinyl `` peek-thru '' window with intriguing objects inside that make noise when shaken , plus a durable plastic textured teething ring . The teething ring allows you attach these toys easily to crib , stroller , etc. using plastic links . The blocks are eye-catching and stimulating for all the senses , yet lightweight enough for a very young baby to manipulate . Our son enjoys the red block the best - it comes with silky ribbons , a soft `` mirrored
 I got this multiple pack of toys so that I could keep a couple for my daughter and use a couple as shower gift decorations . One of them in particular sounds like a cat toy , but my daughter loves it . Glad that I was able to get 4 in a box ... made it way more cost effective than if I would have had to buy separate toys .
 Each of these toys has one side made out of clear plastic and an object on the inside that rattles around . The teether-handles are textured so babies like to chew on them.These are good toys , but I would split them up with another mom . I do n't think my daughter likes having four slightly different toys more than just having one or two . I have noticed that she likes the two noisier ones the best -LRB- the one with the purple teether and the one with the yellow teether -RRB- . At about 6 months old she would shake those for a very long time . The other two toys only elicit about 1-2 minutes of play at best and sometimes she just throws them back at me.I recommend these toys for babies 4-6 months . My daughter still plays with them a little at 9 months but much less .
 My 12 month old kind of likes these toys . I thought they would be more entertaining than he thinks they are . I still think they 're a great invention and they 're durable and great colors . I would still recommend them even though my son does n't particularly love them . Just a baby 's preference .
 Asides from getting a great price on this jogger , I bought it because of all the features . It is lightweight aluminum which is important for me since I am marathon training , not resistance training . It is also equipped with a weather shield and cupholder standard which I though were excellent features . One consideration I was skeptical on was straight v.s. unlockable front wheel.Now that I have used the jogger for a few weeks ... I am happy with the quality , my baby girl -LRB- 9 months today -RRB- is happy with the comfort and loves going out with me and my wife for running / roller blading . The stroller handles bumps well and generally handles well . I am happy with the speed and ease of use . I have not run further than 10 miles with it yet , but only because my training has not yet called for it . The cupholder is useful on the long runs were hydration is important . The tray is helpful for keys and snacks for the baby . The undercarriage storage is a little weak , but then again I do n't plan on using this for jogger for going to the mall so it is not a negative for me -LRB- although it may be for someone else -RRB- . The fold up mechanism works well . I do n't have space contraints due to large vehicle but the 20 '' rear wheels would eatup alot of trunk space . The stationary front wheel is great for control during runs , and since I am not using it for errands I have no need for the front wheel to turn on a dime.All in all a great value and a good quality item . Would recommend to any of my friends in the market for a jogger .
 This stroller is everything I had hoped it would be . I live on gravel roads and also use the stroller over rough areas in my yard and it works wonderfully . The baby is comfortable and the stroller rolls almost without effort .
 I 've had this stroller for a year now and out of all the baby products I have , it is my favorite . I love to run , I ran in the '08 NYC marathon and used this stroller so I could train with my infant . She is now over a year and still loves to ride in it . I 've put a lot of mileage on this stroller and it still is in great shape . I wanted the straight wheel , because while running I did n't want the wheel going off in another direction . The front brake does n't really work well on mine , then again I never use the brakes . It is a huge stroller , so it 's disappointing when I ca n't bring it on vacations or weekend getaways . There 's just no room in my trunk on top of everything else . It is lightweight compared to others but put your 23 pound baby in there and run up hill you 'll get a great workout ! I love this stroller .
 I was given the Schwinn Free Runner LT as a gift -LRB- that I was able to choose from a number of models -RRB- and have been very happy with it straight from the beginning . I chose it for the Schwinn name , and also for its light weight frame.My baby , who is not that keen on being strapped into strollers in general , immediately was pleased as punch with the new Free Runner LT. Why ? Music . It has an ipod pocket with a jack , which runs to stereo speakers , so he can listen to his favorite music while I walk and run . He seems very secure and happy in the 5 point harness seat and you can tell he is comfortable.Another great feature that I was not aware of when I chose it is that it included an electronic distance/time pedometer that slides into a notch on the handlebar . At a glance I can get statistics on my avg speed , distance , time running , or just see what time it is . I was very happy to see this.There are lots of pockets
 This jogger is lightweight , fairly easy to dismantle and durable . Ours has seen many weekend runs and several 5k races . Still going strong . A tip for prospective buyers : our stroller came with a headphone jack and built-in speakers . We plug the jack into an iPod , and our little one can enjoy -LRB- and sing along to -RRB- her favorite music on the run . This has turned out to be a remarkably useful feature of the stroller -- though we never noticed it in the product description before buying . I ca n't tell whether it 's a standard feature on the current models .
 I love this stroller , did a lot of shopping around before I bought it and am not disappointed . I 've had it over a year and a half and have not had any problems . It is big , but I have taken it on a boat , bus , train , just did a little more maneuvering.One minus - the basket is too low and it drags to the ground , but I tied it up to lift it , so it 's fine , but I forsee needing a new one sometime soon.Also - I would n't recommend it for babies under 9 months , it says it 's fine for over 6 months , but the baby did n't look comfortable in it at all at that age.It goes over everything , very smooth ride , came super quick w / all included . I would definitely recommend this stroller . The fact that the front wheel does n't turn is not a big deal . I love the rain sheet -LRB- you have to buy it separately for most other strollers -RRB- . Unfortunately it is not a winter stroller as the back is open , there is only a net and you ca n't do a lot to winterize it besides putting a plastic cover from a regular stroller on it , which also works for not so cold weather .
 I did n't want to write a review about this bench until it had been used for a while . I started potty training my son with The First Years flush n ' sounds potty . That was horrible . It stuck to his butt when he sat on it , and it always made a red ring on him . How uncomfortable . Plus he was big for his age and he just did n't fit on it . So I checked like all over and found this bench . It was comfortable for him to sit on and I did n't have to worry about him getting hurt from it . He loved the compartments to put his toys and books in . He was potty trained at about 2.5 and now at 3.5 he still uses it sometimes and he still fits.The reason I did n't give it five stars is , like others , I did n't like the splash guard . I did n't like it because I had to work every time to close the lid properly , and we always use it as a step stool . But the good thing was the whole was big enough that I just taught my son to `` tuck '' it in so we did n't have a mess . That was very easy for him to catch on to so it was no big deal to not use the splash guard . Now I 'm starting to use this bench to train my boy/girl twins and they both love to sit on it . They 're 20 months and my boy understands that he needs to `` tuck '' his in too so it 's still not a problem.It is big , but that 's okay with me . Just a couple of times I did n't get to clean it out before my son moved it -LRB- and I mean picked it up -RRB- to use it as a stool and we had a mess . Good thing it 's easy to clean .
 As a stepping stool , my husband and I are both around 200Lbs , and it holds our weight really well.As a potty , there are a lot of cool things about this potty . The tray it easy to remove and clean , the orange pee stopper works really great for our son , and both sides hold wipes . One side even has a roll holder for toilet paper . The other side is great for holding spare cloth diapers as well .
 we have this in my car for our long commute . it 's great . my daughter loves using it.it could use some rubber on the bottom to keep from sliding during turns , but other than that it 's great .
 When we began potty training , we tried a potty seat that fits on a regular toilet . My daughter was very nervous about sitting on this , so we decided to give the boon potty a try . She loved sitting on it ! She likes the little compartments on the sides , as well . I love that it turns into a step stool . Great first potty !
 We are using the potty training in one day method by Narmin Parpia and selected this potty because of it 's stability . We have an almost 3 year old girl with slight balance & coordinator issues . She is 38 inches & 36 pounds , so tall & big for her age . This potty bench fits her perfectly . All the pee has gone in the reservoir & the deflector has been no problem , she decided it looks like a lady bug and enjoys it very much . I pull the reservoir out of the bench and with minimal help she pours the contents into the toilet . We are on day one , the `` BIG DAY '' , and have not had to poop yet . I think that will work just fine too however . I highly recommend this seat . She can open & close the 2 side compartments with no help . A standard size roll of toilet paper fits , and she likes to put her sippy on the other side , extra underwear , stickers , etc. . . would fit great too ! I think my favorite part is that it can also be used as a step stool . We have n't used it for that yet , but when we 're done using it for a potty we can use it for a step stool .
 The Boon potty is really cute , and I like that you can empty the drawer without having to carry the whole potty around . The top seat detaches , which my daughter is able to do herself , so that is my only complaint . I often walk into the bathroom and find that she 's taken it all apart . She loves the side pockets and we can put books or toys in it . She has figured out she can stand on it as a bench , so it has some lasting use when she needs to use it as a stepping stool .
 My daughter is so excited about her new boon potty bench ! At 2.5 , she has been `` too busy '' to bother with the other versions much , but loves to sit on this one . I read the posts about the opening being on the small side and that is exactly why I got it . She is a petite , but tall little one so the bjorn and seat fitting over the toilet were uncomfortable for her . This one is still a bit on the bigger side , but she fits it so much better !
 I started potty training when my baby was 5 months & he likes his potty even though he cant say pot or words to say he needs to go he knows when i sit him on it what he is supposed to do I love the storage on both sides ... great purchase
 My son loves to sit on his potty . It was the only one that we found that was comfortable enough for our son . I would highly recommend it .
 I really like the dual purpose design of this potty bench . I have a very petite 21/2 year old daughter who is also very independent . She is just starting to potty train , but does not like to sit on an adult toilet with an insert . When we got this seat , I did find it was bigger than I expected , and if I had a larger child , or a boy , it would have been more difficult to accomodate them with such a small toilet opening . As is , my daughter loves it . She likes the fact that she does n't need any adult assistance , and she has her own toilet paper roll just for her . I like the fact that it can fold down and is not an obvious potty , as well as the stool feature , which we use a lot . Also , I love having storage for baby wipes -LRB- in case of accidents -RRB- and even a place to put a book . Overall , this works wonderfully for my child , but with older or bigger children , you might want to actually try it with your child to see if they will fit .
 We have 3 different potties at our house , and when given a choice , my 2.5 year old son always chooses this one . I find the size very adequate for him , my son is 35 lbs and 42 inches talll , so he is certainly not small . It took a little time to teach him how to `` tuck his willie '' behind the splash guard , but now that he has gotten that down , he has no splashes . It did take a while for him to figure it out though.Improvement areas
 We use the Boon for my daughter and she likes it . The toilet paper holder is clever . The guard is a pain to lower so we do n't use it . I like that it can be used as a step stool later .
 I started potty training my son when he turned 20mos -LRB- he just turned 2 -RRB- . This is the second potty I bought for him but he still does not like to use it for what it 's designed -LRB- he 'd rather just pull the lid down and sit on it -RRB- . Anyway , I was surprised that it was a good size potty , bigger than I expected which was a plus . The pee guard is actually large as well and because it 's so rubbery , it looks quite comfortable . But for all it 's beauty and comfort my son still does n't want to use it as a potty . So now , I just let him run free and if he has n't peed on my floor in about 45 minutes I put him in the tub , run some water and out comes the pee . I used to drive myself crazy that my son would pee on top of the potty or in front of the potty , but I realize he 's just not ready yet -LRB- The tub thing is working out pretty good though -RRB- .
 Both my sons , 1 and 6 yrs old enjoyed playing with this potty ! I 'm really glad my 1 yr old was interesting in how the side drawers would open and close . We took off the orange piece because it seemed to be a distraction and in the way , and you ca n't shut the lid with it on . I really like using it as a stool during bathtime . Although the hole in the seat seems small there is a lot of space around it to accommodate a larger rear end . And the best part is that it 's portable , since we move quite a bit . This should fit easily in the back of my van ! Excellent buy ! I would purchase it again .
 We used this potty in our downstairs bathroom , which is pretty small . It was a real space saver due to its rectangular shape -LRB- it sat flush against the vanity -RRB- and very convenient as a step stool . I also found it much , much easier to empty and clean than other potties we 'd tried . It was also less of a temptation for my daughter to constantly take apart -LRB- she 'd always do that with the Graco potty - gross ! -RRB- because the top does n't just come off -LRB- it actually hooks on , so be careful when removing it otherwise you may break the hooks off ! -RRB- We did not use the side storage areas because it was too hard to open them -LRB- impossible for my 2.5 year old -RRB- . Overall , I was very pleased with this potty and will definitely save it for little sister to use !
 This works much better than what we previously tried . The hole could be a little bigger , but overall it is a great buy .
 I bought this for my son after we had been trying with the Baby Bjorn toilet seat/stepstool for a year -LRB- not seriously until more recently -RRB- . Although my son had peed frequently with that on , he had only pooed a few times on it and did not want to . As we were about to move to a house with only 1 toilet upstairs , I thought I 'd try the Boon now . It was a success straight away . He was happy to poo and I have n't even bothered with the pee shield as he can ` point it down ' . This would be the case with any floor potty but I think it 's easier for him to poo as his feet are on the ground and his hands are on the sides . And he 's got diversions , in the room with us and the TV . Anyway , I have no problems with the design , and he 's tall . He loves having the toilet paper there too as he found it hard to reach ours in the bathroom - it even has a bar that the paper roll fits on . More to clean than a child toilet seat , but it 's not hard to empty the drawer .
 I bought this potty bench and also bought 3 other `` cheap '' potty seats to have one in each main room of the house . My daughter runs from wherever she is in the house to only use the boon potty bench . The other potty chairs have tipped over when she tried to sit on them , her potty has spilled out and she ca n't get comfortable on it . She absolutely loves that she can stand on this bench without tipping over and she loves how easy and quickly she can open the lid . I love how easy it is to clean and how big the catch pan is . Do n't buy any other type of potty chair !
 We had another potty donated to us . It consisted of thre separate pieces . Two of those pieces had to be removed in order to turn it into a bench . That made a hassle to turn into potty again because we had to wrestle our son with one hand and put the potty together with the other . Then he did n't want to sit on it.I purchased the Boon Potty Bench from a coworker outside of Amazon and got successful results the same night I brought it in ! He likes the way toilet paper goes into one compartment and books or toys into the other . Now it 's like THE place to play with the iPad and wait while he is sitting there.Plus , not to forget that this one conveniently converts into a bench -LRB- to wash hands or brush teeth -RRB- by just closing `` the lid . ''
 When this arrived I think I was more excited than my daughter ... she would use it was my hope.But she was only 11/2 ... too early ... Now she is 21/2 and uses it daily.The trouble is you must empty it right away , so if your child pees and closes the top and does not tell you ... well you will have a stinky surprise lets just say that ... The toilet paper holder is really great.To close the side doors the main potty cover must be open or else you can not close the side doors all the way resulting in a mess-once you child realizes it was left open.The left side door is just for extra storage I guess.Once the child is done and you remove the pee or poop holder thing you have to be careful because the weight of the stuff might make you spill some of it on your or backwards as you slide it out of the potty bench.Overall this is nice and a great build quality . Nothing has broken and all parts work as advertised.Be aware of where you leave the orange nipple ... my daughter made it disappear ... Thank you
 This is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me ! Well , at least as far as potty training goes . I 've got a 40 lb 3 year old that absolutely refused to leave his toys to go to the potty . No amount of M&M s ; or cool underpants , or potty trained friends would lure him to the potty.Until we got ... the Potty Bench !!!!! We have the potty ring , the Bjorn potty , the First Years potty , and nothing worked . The biggest problem was that they stuck to his butt when he got up , and they just did n't seem to fit right . He would always scoot back too far . He was not interested in them at all.But what I love , love , love about the potty bench is ... 1 . He puts his books and toys in the `` secret '' side compartments to play with when he has to pee .2 . He uses the splash guard to adjust his penis down so we have had no spills .3 . He hops on without scooting his butt all over the place , showing that he 's comfortable . I do n't know why people say the hole is too small . He is a big guy , and the hole is perfect .4 . He likes it so much that even when he does n't have to pee , he puts the top down and just sits on it and plays with his trucks on it .
 We recently purchased this potty for our 18mo . old daughter and it is the perfect height for her to get off and on by herself with just the right size opening . All of the other pottys we looked at seemed like she would have fallen through the openings easily . Not only is it great looking , especially because the lid closes and it looks nothing like a potty , but I 've found it to be a comfortable seat at bathtime so I do n't kill my knees anymore . Plus the fact that it can be used as a step stool for the kids to wash their hands . It 's wonderful that it 's a 3 in 1 considering our kids bathroom is also the guest bathroom and it saves space .
 We love it . First of all , it has multiple functions , so it is not just taking up space when my daughter is not using it . SHe uses it to climb into the tub , stand up at the sink to brush her teeth . It is an easy cleanup , great side storage , and it looks SOOO cool !!
 Our son , almost 4 has some delays in his development so for us it was hard to find a potty that was sturdy and stable enough and that was the right size for him . He do n't like to sit high , like on the real toilet and he 's tall for his age so this was the best potty design that we could find and I have to say it 's really nice . It is very sturdy and stable . No risk that it will move or that you will fall even if you are a little `` wiggle worm '' . It has great storage on each side and even a holder for the toilet paper . The orange Pee - pee guard is a blessing . Some say that they have problem cleaning it , I have n't found that to be a problem at all . At the end of the night i take it apart , spray some `` cleaning spray '' on it , rinse it of in the tub and let it dry and it is ready to be used in the morning . We are going on vacation next month and we would hate for our son to have trubble going potty since we have such a great thing going . . `` accident '' free for a month now , so we are ordering one more that will be delivered to our destination and will later be donated to a daycare for special needs children .
 I never take the time to review products I buy - simply because I am too busy . However , I researched the best potty for my 2 year old son who is very independent and curious . After much tooing and froing I bought te Boon potty bench . We are not forcing him to use it , but now he begs to use it and always makes pee . he likes tucking in his pee pee behind the shield -LRB- no spraying mommy ! -RRB- and watch and listen to the pee go in . It is VERY easy to clean and the pockets on the side are great for his books , a few thomas the tank engine friends and toilet paper and hand sanitizer . I HIGHLY reccomend it and in fact , am here to buy a second one so he has the same potty at my mom 's house ! A +
 My daughter is a non-stop whirlwind of motion ! We bought her a Fisher Price Princess Potty and she likes it well enough because it plays music when she pees , but she discovered the button underneath to make the music play with out peeing and it lost its thrill for her . I had been oogling this potty on here for a while but just had n't ordered it yet . Than today I walked into our local 2nd hand store and there was one sitting there all pristine and clean for $ 2.00 !!! BARGAIN ! I brought it home and washed it myself -LRB- just to KNOW it was clean -RRB- and we were out on the front porch and my daughter IMMEDIATELY wanted to use it ! And she did LOL . I do n't mind having it out on the front porch for her because when the lid is closed it looks NOTHING like a potty seat , she has a little play tent on the porch and when she says she has to go I just set it in there , poof ! her own private outdoor potty LOL . It also will pack/travel nicely as well because of the flat top and bottom , unlike other `` shaped '' potty seats like the princess one . We travel 200miles to my parents house quite often and have always had the challenge of packing the potty seat so that it does n't take up the limited space we have . Now , problem solved ! And if she needs to go while we are on the go I can just sit it in the back of our SUV hatch area and she has a potty , this will also be great for my 6yr old as well , as there are 30-50 mile stretches in our journey with NOTHING there , just farmland and forest ... who knows , maybe if Mommy has to go bad enough Mommy will use it too LOL
 I saw the reviews say this is n't good for boys and I totally disagree . My son will be 2 next week and is 36 inches tall -LRB- which is on the taller end -RRB- and he is using this seat with no problem ! I removed the orange splash guard , in my opinion its useless . I just told him to sit slightly further back and point his penis down , I do n't even think he entirely got what I told him but he 's using it no problem and everything goes in the bowl . The best feature about this potty is the two side compartments that can hold books etc. . My son loves to play with them while he 's waiting to go etc. . The back is also nice for them to rest their back against . Here 's a trick if you do n't like cleaning potties , I just put a plastic around the removable insert so when ds goes poop and pee I do n't have to clean the potty insert out since everything goes in the bag and I just throw the bag away right then . I realize the bag is n't so environmentally friendly and I usually know when ds is going to poop so I primarily have it in for those times only . Anyway we love the potty , it 's very easy for him to use himself which is why we 're waiting to put a ring on the big toilet .
 I have kept this product in the trunk of my car for about 2 years and still use it weekly for either my 5 year old son -LRB- if he suddenly finds he has to go and there is no bathroom in sight -RRB- or my 2.5 year old daughter -LRB- who prefers it to strange potties in new locations -RRB- . Yes , my son had a learning curve with the splash guard but with practice he got the hang of it and we have no trouble today . While he was learning , we always were careful to put the potty on a slope and plan for it to run downhill , which we arranged to be backward so his shoes and the hem of his pants leg stayed dry . For on the go use , this was not a serious problem for us as we rarely had backsplash.I love that it stores toilet paper easily in the side compartments , and I also store a squirt bottle of water , hand sanitizer , and plastic baggies -LRB- for solids disposal purposes -RRB- . I love that I can take it on a camping trip , and with the top down it does n't even look like a potty , and the morning dew collects on the lid , not on the seat.I love that it takes about a half a second between when I pull it out of the car and when it 's ready for use . No legs to fold out or snap in place or anything . Perfect for emergencies.I love that it 's easy to clean.When I bought this I 'd never seen anything like it , and I think the storage compartments give it an edge over the other to-go products out there . I imagine I 'll still be using it for a couple more years ...
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 18 months and used it as just a bench until she was 21months . Potty training has been a breeze so far ! The side compartments are great for storing extra underwear and clothes ! Which I do often since I take the potty to the sitters house ! It is the perfect height for her to get on and off of by herself and the pull out drawer makes for easy clean up ! I could n't do without it ! Thank you Boon for making potty training a little smoother !!
 This is the best potty chair . I bought it to keep in the car for on the go potty needs given that it has a lid and the space on the sides to store supplies like TP and wipes . Honestly it is a little bigger than I was expecting but my 2 year old loves it . She immediately wanted to try it out . We had the Bjorn potty in our bathroom which I thought was fine but my Toddler certainly expressed a preference for the Boon Potty Bench . Now I am ordering a second for the car .
 We purchased this for our daughter because we liked the wide seat . She loves to sit on it and uses the compartments for books . It makes a great bench for us to sit on when giving her a bath and it is great for her to stand on at the sink to brush her teeth . It is easy to clean and we have not had any problems with leaks or spills .
 Our daughter began using this potty at around 12 months and it has worked very well for her small size and early learning . It is perfect for her to open and shut , she loves the drawers and has just started using the stool to reach the sink.It is stable , low enough for her comfort and perfect for her little body . I highly recommend this potty chair for children that are `` small for their age '' as our daughter apparently is . : -RRB-
 Love this potty ! My daughter loves to use it ! It also looks great too ! Very sturdy and safe as step stool too ! Love it !!!
 I can see why its not great for boys but we love it for our little girl ! People do n't often know its a potty which I like ! The storage is nice . The size is great . It 's easy to clean and not big and bulky .
 This is extremely well made and built for in home as well as in car use .
 This is our third potty and it has proven the best . We have one potty that looks like a toy and plays all different sounds , and a padded seat that fits on our toilet . This potty has proven the best . It looks cool , fits my daughter perfectly , stores toilet paper and wipes , and my daughter can stand on it as a stool.I love the design and appearance . Where was this when I first started lookng for a potty ?
 I 'm still in the early stages of potty training , so I ca n't comment on it 's function at this stage . But what can confirm is ... boy it 's a pretty potty ! The design is a cut above the rest and the color is visually striking .
 These are fun toys with which the little one can practice her nesting skills . Judging by the other reviewer 's photo , ours is n't the only one who gets called ` bucket head ' occasionally !
 I got this for my niece who is 5 months . She loved it and could not stop playing with each bucket . They are so colorful and soft , any child would want to have these !
 I bought these for my 13 month old grandaughter.They make a crinkly noise and she loved them.She kept trying to put the baskets on her head.It kept her entertained !
 My infant just likes the crinkly fishy that comes with the buckets . I 'm sure she will grow into this toy . I do wonder how I 'm going to keep the felty material clean especially when she starts putting these things to her mouth .
 This was purchased as a first birthday gift for our daughter , but is well-loved by all 3 of our girls , ages 1 , 3 , and 6 . They 've been stacked , nested , filled , spilled , and used as hats . The fun never seems to grow old , and I highly recommend these cute little buckets !
 My daughter loves this and has for a few months now . She started playing with just the little crinkly toys at about 6 months , now at 11 months she loves pulling the buckets apart and chewing on the tails . This toy is great as it teaches putting things in and out , is soft , has lots of thinks to chew on , lots of textures - overall a great find !
 My daughter is 10 weeks ; I have n't given her much ` tummy time ' because as soon as I laid her on her tummy , she 'd either cry , or fall asleep . I bought the mat , hoping it would spark her interest , and she would start to actually enjoy tummy time . I got it in the mail today , filled the water part , and tried it out ; total success ! She lay and stared at the floaties for about 15 minutes ; then she looked at the toys on the rings for another 10 minutes each . My only complaint is that the rings come apart too easily . Oh , yah - it is pretty thin ; since I have hardwood floors , I put a blanket under it .
 My husband and I both love the beach and surf . Why not start them young ? Our son is 2 months old and the pillow is great for a little extra propping up . The only thing I would reccomend is that it had a little extra padding , we have tile floors .
 I got this for my daughter Caitlyn who is 7 weeks old . I tried tummy time on a blanket , but she 'd fall asleep or got bored easily and would start to cry.The day I bought the mat I set it up , and put her on it , and she loved it ! She stared at the water , and lifted her head and moved her legs alot . The bright colors maintain her interst . It kept her occupied for about 30 minutes . Now we do it everyday . I think its cute and worth the $ 20 .
 My daughter LOVES this ! She would n't spend much time on her tummy in the Einstein gym but I put her on this mat and she 'll spend about 15 minutes playing with the attached toys . She also likes to lay face up on the bolster just looking around . The other GREAT thing about this is that it travels so well ! It packs up easily so we 've taken it on trips to have a little piece of home with us and gives us a great place to have our daughter hang out in an unfamiliar or not a baby friendly place . We highly recommend it !
 My daughter has really enjoyed this mat . In the beginning she would just sort of check out the fish -LRB- she looooves fish -RRB- , but over time her ability to interact with it has greatly increased . Now-4mnths - she pushes around on the fish with great joy even making fun bubbles . It is a great first tummy time toy . The pillow velcros on so you can remove it if your little one wants to practice holding themselves up or just for a wash . As far as the new water everyday thing goes . I was good about that in the beginning believing it might turn green or fog up or something . It turns out nothing horrible will happen if you do n't change it very often . Actually the ability to empty it is helpful if you plan on taking it with to say grandma 's house . Very easy to roll up and take with unlike our playmat . The little sun could be easier to activate bubble noise . A little hard for the little bitty ones . Toys are still good for crinkling and chewing though .
 This was the only way we could get our newborn to do tummy time . Flat on his stomach when he could n't hardly raise his head at all just freaked him out and he 'd cry and cry . But with the little raised pillow , it would keep him from having his face smoshed into the floor and he 'd be more patient with trying to look around . Now that he 's 4 months and able to lift his own head fine he does n't really need the extra booster pillow , and he did n't start playing with the water bit until 3 months . Plus the velcro on one of the toy links would n't hold . But the little attached toys are very nice - we made a belt for his infant carrier and put them there where he plays with them all the time . But I think it 's very nice for a baby as they learn head control so that it lifts them a bit off the ground so they do n't panic as much .
 I likes this and so di dnoy son , I agree the water was hard to put in and empty and I did not do it every day as rocommended . I talked with my doctor and realized that this is an inhibiter . This will prevent my child from actually learning to use his arms and legs on his own . My doctor said flat on a clean floor or blanket was the baet way , this way he has to raise his head to see what is going on rather than be propped up and `` cheating '' I thought this made senses and stopped using it . It was nice while it lasted though .
 This product was suggested to me as a ` must have ' by a friend . I have to say that yes , we could live without it , but it 's also a nice thing to have . If for nothing else , it 's a good shaped mat for our baby to lay on when he 's on the floor . We sometimes put him on here with his head on the pillow when he 's playing with toy bars that dangle above him . The pillow is also good for propping up his arms/hands for tummy time . He 's not too interested in the water feature , and I have had trouble filling it . I think it 's a little silly to refill it every day . Ours does n't leak , and our baby certainly does n't bite through it -LRB- he has no teeth ! -RRB- so I do n't know why everyone is freaking out about that . Might be a tad expensive for what you get , but if you get it as a gift -LRB- which we did -RRB- , hang onto it . Your baby might like it !
 She really enjoyed tummy time on this mat . . loves watching the fish and has toys that she can reach and grab !
 Kaden received this as a Christmas gift . My mother bought it for him because we recently tiled our floors , she thought this would be a good mat to use on the hard tile . It 's great , but very thin . We have to use another blanket underneath it to make it a little more cushy for him . However , Kaden loves this toy ! He likes to look at the fish when he is on his tummy but he also likes to lay on his back and play on this too ! The pillow gives just enough of an incline for him to be a happy camper !
 This was one of the first toys I bought my 2month old daughter . I really loved the surf board design - I thought it looked cooler than most of the cheesier mats.My daughter isnt quite old enough to fully enjoy tummy time . She is just learning to push her head up and doesnt get to play yet when she is on her tummy . She enjoys `` back time '' so far and the pillow offers good support when combined with a blanket.When we initially opened the box , we were extremely pleased with the appearance of the product . Its bright and cheery and the toys attach and detach easily for use in the carseat or crib . -LRB- Which we do frequently - She loves the crab -RRB- My fiance had some trouble filling the plastic bubble . We both assumed it was to prevent leaks . . so we were ok with that . The only real complaint is the bubble does n't fit tightly into the mat and the edges of the mat buckle up , exposing the sharp edges of the bubble . The edges of the bubble seem like they could easily scratch a small child.We havent had any issues with the bubble water `` fogging '' or greying up , but I assume a small drop of bleach in the bubble would keep it clean.So far it has been pretty durable as we frequently roll it up -LRB- with the bubble inside -RRB- to store and transport it . We have had no leaks.Overall , it was a good buy for the money . She has gotten alot of enjoyment out of the attachments and Im sure it will progress to the mat once she can hold her head up better .
 This was a great activity for our little girl for the first few months . The pillow really helped her to lift her head way up and check out the world , and the toys were fun to manipulate . She still plays with the crab at 8 months . Unfortunately , our cat REALLY liked the water-filled fish pillow , so he chewed a hole in it . I figure that 's my fault for not putting the toy away at night ... Our baby still enjoyed the toy without water .
 This is such a cute surfboard ! The chains come off of the board for taking them other places as you go ! Also , the water and `` sea life '' inside the pouch are so cute ! My son loves it !
 my 6 month old hates tummy time . everyday when i would put my 6 month old on his belly for tummy time he would cry and seriously hated every minute of it . i bought this mat about a week ago and have been putting him on it 2 - 3 times per day for 10 minutes or so each time and he loves it ! he smiles and plays with the toys and actually enjoys tummy time now ! and to top it off ... his room is surf themed so this is an adorable accent :-RRB- highly recommend if your little one hates tummy time !
 This tummy time mat was fantastic ! It motivated my daughter a bit more to play on her tummy , all of ten minutes at a time ! The water pad in the front was a lot of fun and she would push on that and just giggle . The toys on the rings were great for chewing on and it 's nice that they are securely attached so they do n't fall off when rolling up the mat . This was given to me as a gift for my shower from my girlfriend who used it for her baby and loved it . I have also spoken to two other friends that have it and were equally impressed .
 My daughter is 3 months old now and she really likes the Tummy Time Surfboard . She is n't able to stay on her tummy propped with the pillow for an extended period of time yet mainly because it exhausts her . She seems to be very interested in the water and colorful toys in front of her . All of the stimulation and work of holding up her head always ends up in a nap directly after I pick her up : -RRB-
 Very happy with speed and accuracy of my order . The novelty of the Infantino Surfboard immediately got my attention but now the practicality for our first grand daughter is appreciated . We look forward as she ages to her enjoyment with the Infantino Surfboard .
 We started tummy-time late with our son . He would SCREAM for the entire time that we would lay him on his tummy . He quickly learned how to roll over -LRB- since we did start kinda late -RRB- and would n't stay on his tummy . This mat was WONDERFUL ! Because of the pillow it has , he was unable to roll-over when on his tummy . AND he remained on the mat for about ten to fifteen minutes before he would start crying to get off his tummy.This mat helped us out so much . It has little rings that you can add toys your child likes to it so they have their own favorites to keep them occupied . We have another son on the way and we will use this for him , as well . Would recommend this to anyone who has a child who has problems staying on his/her tummy .
 L-O-V-E , Love it . We researched strollers for six weeks before we tried this one . We have a four-year old , two year old and a four-month old , all above average in size . The boys are cozy close together ... but it 's good for them . We were thrilled when we opened the box to find a hanging mesh carrier you attach to the handlebar that fits two drink bottles , keys and phone perfectly . A note on color , the rose and khaki stroller has a light pink trim on it that we were n't expecting -LRB- thought it would be khaki -RRB- .
 We spent weeks researching strollers and finally settled on this one . It is was defently worth going with the instep instead of the BOB .
 This stroller is a good buy . For my 2 kids last year , 2 & under , we used this everyday . I was pregnant while pushing the babes around on old sidewalks complete with large tree roots , gaping cracks and just assorted natural debri . We also used this stroller while at festivals and at the store when needed . For the price it is an awesome purchase for it 's intended purpose .
 I really like this jogger , it 's easy to steer with the swiveling front wheel and is very quiet . The only draw back is that there are no bottle/cup/drink holders . I really miss that from my old single stroller .
 Extremely versatile . The swiveling front wheel is great . I have a 3 and 5 year old -LRB- both are taller than norm for their ages -RRB- , and it holds them great . We 've taken it to Disney several times , and it 's made our lives so much easier . Definitely recommend , especially for the great price . Thanks Amazon.com .
 This is our 3rd Instep for our family . The only complaint is that I wished the sun visor was bigger . Otherwise it is great . I love the swivel wheel which is why I purchased this double stroller . I looked at other brands but they did not have the front swivel wheel . It rolls great and it easily navigated . It is very easy to assemble . I would definitely recommend it . My daughter bought a cloth drink caddy that goes across the handles for hers that she likes .
 I would highly recommmend this double stroller.My daghter had one given to her that was 1 big boy seat behind the other.This is so much better.They both recline and my 5 yr . old grandson if he gets tired he can sit right beside my 11/2 yr . old grandson.This is so easy to push , no struggle really easy.I can push it with 2 fingers.The large wheels and quality workmanship makes this well worth it.Wonderful product !!!
 We love the stroller . I have three three year olds and a six year old . My boys can ALL sit in it when needed . It also has this little strap with a handle that the third boy uses to walk beside me . My daughter complains -LRB- 6 -RRB- that her head is not supported ! It folds easy , fits in the vehicle easy and over all does just what we wanted it to !
 I love this stroller . I had a tandom double stroller by graco and I loved it but my kids are now 3 and 4 -LRB- 15 months apart -RRB- , and they outgrew our stroller . I wanted a jogging stroller because my kids still fall asleep and need to be laid in a stroller sometimes when we are out or for days where there is a lot of walking -LRB- disneyland ! -RRB- . This jogging stroller is perfect for them . They are older but fit into this stroller better than our tandom stroller . Their feet used to drag into the wheels and their legs did not fit under the child tray bar so this stroller allows them to fit more comfortably . I have a 3 and 4 year old on the taller side but this still works . At least it works better than what we had before . I ca n't wait to use it !
 After using the stroller one time it seems like it is going to be great . It is very easy to handle and folds nicely . However , one of the tires has already gone flat from a puncture of a sticker weed . I do n't know if this is coincidence or if the tubes are poor quality . There is a remedy to this situation . I will be replacing original tubes with thorn resistant ones -LRB- a $ 20 - $ 30 price tag -RRB- .
 This is a fabulous stroller ! It glides so smoothly ; the swivel front wheel is awesome for steering . I am not a jogger , but I walk around town a lot , and the standard strollers do not cut it on the terrain . This stroller is a pleasure to drive , for both my husband and me -LRB- he is 6 ' 2 , and I 'm 5 ' 4 -RRB- . There is plenty of cargo space , from the parent tray with 2 cup holders , to the storage underneath , and a handy pocket on the back . Two things to note
 I have a three year old and 6 month old and the stroller is perfect . I love the swivel front wheel it makes turning so easy . I am not much of a jogger but walking with the stoller is very easy . It is a little wide , so going through a single door is a little tricky . I also ordered the sunshade , and promptly sent it back . It did me no good . The regular shade was fine . You would not believe the random people that stop us and say they love the stroller . We even had one lady ask if she could push the stroller a little ways .
 I love this stroller . I run/walk with both my kids everyday and this stroller has been great . Like everyone else says , the only issue is the sun visor , but it does n't seem to bother the kids so it 's fine.The swivel wheel is great and I love the rollbar because I feel like it provides a little extra security when running hills .
 This is a great jogging stroller as far as quality and value are concerned . I use it almost daily for long walks and jogs with my twins . It seems to just glide over the bumps and ridges in the sidewalk . I would highly recommend this product .
 Love this product ! I had the usual double stroller and a double wagon and this is great . It folds easily , travels well and I can go for long walks with my dog and the boys love it!Buy it !
 Great way for my 3 year old and 3 month old -LRB- seat reclined all the way back -RRB- to ride together . The swivel front wheel is great & a must for a double stroller , as my friend has one which does not have a swivel wheel & she has to pop-up the front wheel to turn . This stoller while large , does fold easily and fits in the trunk of a sedan . I 'm certainly pleased I purchased this stroller .
 I wish I had started with this rather than a regular double stroller . It is so easy to stear and it 's so light to push when running or walking . It is a little hard to fit a diaper bag in the under basket but I know that is not the intent . So I 'm ok with it . My daughters love riding it ! I highly reccomend a swivel wheel , it makes a world of diffrence when using the stroller in the store . and it does lock if you want it fixed in place . LOVE IT ! LOVE IT ! LOVE IT !
 We tested quite a few . This one is great . It does n't have a hand brake as many others do , but we have n't found it missing . It seems to be designed for moms more than dads
 I purchased this stroller instead of one of the more expense ones . I am glad I did ! This is a great stroller ! Both of my girls -LRB- 21/2 , and 6 mos -RRB- love to ride in it ! It is easy to push , it is a little big but does fit thru my front door .
 i have been happy with this product . After much research , i decided on this model . Turns on a dime and easy to fold up and place in truck . Children do not sit up as high as i would have liked and on the down hill the stroller can get away from you a bit but over all very happy with the product for this price . After using it for about 6 months i would still have gone with this model .
 This stroller is great for the twins , and the price was very competitive with major retailers -LRB- especially with free shipping -RRB- . The stroller is very light and manageable . It turns on a dime and is fun to use . Our stroller did arrive with a damaged hinge for the canopy . However , I called the 1-800 number and they sent me a new one without question or hassel . It arrived within a couple of days . Overall , we are very pleased .
 ... I do n't like about this stroller is that it does n't have a good way to shield my babies from the direct sunlight . I think it stinks that you have to buy extra screens and rainguards for strollers when you will ovbiously need these items ! Other than that this stroller has been a lifesaver . I recently brought home twin boys , and once my `` help '' left town after two weeks , it was great to be able to run the babies around the neigborhood . They love riding in it , and it 's so easy to maneuver I love pushing it .
 My girls are 18 months apart , this stroller was one of the best purchases I have ever made . It folds easily and fits in my car and is the only stroller I have ever owned , and I 've owned about 10 , that i can easily manuever with one hand . That means that when the baby is grouchy and refuses to sit in the stroller on the way back to the car , I can hold her on my hip and stear the stroller loaded with my toddler and all our gear with no problem . There are occasionally doors we do n't fit through unless we open up the door next to it , but again the stroller is so manueverable its really not a big deal . I was worried about the reviews that talked about kids not being able to sit up all the way , but my girls , who are usually very finicky about that kind of thing , have never had an issue with it . They love the smooth ride and have no problem sitting side by side .
 After a lot of research on what stroller would meet my needs and budget , I settled on this one . I wanted a swivel wheel and the weight capacity . After using it perhaps a dozen times with my 34lb almost 3-year-old and my 7-month old , here are my comments : Pros
 very nice , easy to put together , I could do it for my daughter on my own . Folds up easy and my grandson likes the ride .
 I am using this stroller for my two girls ages 31/2 and 20 months . Like so many other reviewers have already said , the canopy is a waste of fabric . Other than that , this stroller rides incredibly smoothly and turns on a dime . Only thing I would like to mention though is this . Just like with shoes , they are joggers and walkers . The swivel wheel is not meant for serious jogging , even though you can lock it in place it does not provide the same comfort a 16 inch wheel would . You may jog a little but don ; t expect to run a 5k with it . For my purposes , walking everyday and all together more than 30 Miles a week , it holds up pretty good .
 This is a great stroller for the kids everyday and for jogging ! The only problem with it is not enough storage for all day outtings . The basket is not easily accesible and holds only very small things . There is no storage on back of the seats . Other than that I LOVE IT !!!
 My 3 and 17 month old love this stroller . They like being side-by-side and both of my children are 95 % in height and they fit perfect in it . I really like it a lot . It turns and moves very easily opposed to my other double stroller which was n't side-by-side . I 'm very happy with this product .
 After looking at quite a few double joggers and reading all the reviews , we decided on this one . It can be overwhelming reading all the reviews on so many different strollers . Anyway , I am glad we decided on this one . It was a great price and its not cheaply made . My 6 month old and 31/2 year old fit in it comfortably . I have no complaints . It was easy for my husband to put together . He had it done in about 5 min.The best thing was ... when it was delivered , a piece was broken off a part of the stroller . I called amazon and they had it picked up by UPS the next day and the day after that a new one was at my doorstep in perfect condition.I recommend this stroller .
 For the price and free shipping , I still can not get over what a great deal this stroller is ! I love the swivel wheel for walking and then the ability to lock it for running . My kids are 30 months and 18 months and they generally handle sitting next to each other fairly well . I really like the see-through top though for when they get at each other . I appreciate the baskets underneath and the soft pouch console , too . The baskets are just big enough for the basic needs of either running or a quick trip to the mall . Sure , it ca n't handle great big diaper bags or too many shopping bags , but then again , it 's not really designed for that . The cup holder in the soft pouch is perfect for a bottled water or drink but paper fountain drinks with straws are a different story . There again , it is n't designed for that . My one `` complaint '' that I hope can be improved in the future is the shade . It simply is n't adequate to protect their little eyes from the blazing sun if you 're running between 9am and 7pm . We live in Florida and I have to base my runs on a north-south direction because of this . It 's easily solvable with the purchase of a Ray-Shade , which I will soon be getting , I just wish I did n't have to bother . Oh well , not too big of a deal . Anyway , hope this helps you decide ! Oh and one more thing ... we drive a 4-door midsize sedan and this stroller actually fits in the trunk !!! Nothing else fits with it , mind you , but that 's okay !!
 I have a 1 & 2 year old and was using the heavy tandem stroller . I am a jogger and needed something lighter to push and that turns easy . This is it ! Very easy to push , turns very easy and VERY easy to put together . It is a bit heavy but I fortunately do n't have to tote it around , just leave it sitting in my garage and put the kids in it when it is time to run . The seats do n't sit as upright as the kids would like so I have put a travel pillow behind each of them . The sunshade does n't come up far enough and I have been researching purchasing one , but they so far all say for twin strollers even though they show a double in the picture ? I knew each of these things when I purchased it from reading the other reviews so I was n't surprised to agree with them . It is a very good buy and highly recommend it if you do n't plan to take it to the mall and try to weave in and around clothes racks . It is truly best used outside w/little need to manuever in doorways , etc. .
 I received the stroller last week and very happy with it ! The customer serive is also very helpful to answer all my questions . I have been searching for a double stroller for some time for my 2,4 yr old and a new born . I was first looking at a light weight umbrella style , but my kids are all uncomfortable sitting inside after trying in the store . I did n't find any local store that carry this double stroller to try on . I was encouraged to see all the positive review on Instep stroller and decide to buy it anyway . The price and value is unbeatable .
 This was a great purchase . Although the stroller is fairly large and heavy , it is great for both my 3yr old and 8 month old . My son is taller than most 3 year olds so it is a little small for him and he exceeds the height requirement , but he still loves to ride in it . The ride is very smooth and moves very easily . The only downfall for those moms who love to shop , the stroller is probably too wide to fit through most store clothes racks . BUMMER !
 I bought this stroller for my twins , and got them because amazon had a great deal on it but I was thinking that there was no way that the stroller would be much good -LRB- at that price it would have been too good to be true -RRB- . Well we have a graco and jeep for our twins but this has become our main stroller now . I do n't mind using it for grocery store trips even . It is bit heavy but leaves plenty of space in my minivan . walking with it is a breeze ... you do n't feel like you are pushing anything . I love it and recommend it to all twin moms .
 Great price and great stroller . I did quite a bit of research at the request of my coworkers who wanted to buy a congratulatory stroller for my wife and I. I could not stomach the thought of sticking anyone -LRB- sane -RRB- with a $ 500 + stroller bill - the InStep seemed perfect . In short , we have loved this thing from day one . It rides great and , with the exception of a slow leak in one tire -LRB- fixed with foam -RRB- , we have had no problems . As mentioned in other reviews , there is not much protection from the sun , so the Kiddopotamus Rayshade is rather necessary . Note on that ... the shade is not very steady when windy . Good luck with your search !
 The lower compartment could be easier to access , and could include a parent console . I went online and found that InStep does indeed sell the console , but only for the single stroller :-LRB- Other than that ... it is GREAT . Even better is the price ... beats that BOB anyday!Would definitely recommend for all moms who need to restrain those active kids and go for long walks/jogs . My 2 and 3 yr old -LRB- heavy boys -RRB- sit in it for 2 hours almost every day and I barely have to push it with my finger : -RRB-
 I have had this for 5 years now and it has been used ad abused by all 4 of my kids . It has really surpassed my expectations . Use it anywhere as it fits thru all shopping doors etc. . Wonderful in grass/dirt . Turns on a dime . Strong fabric and easy to wash . Used at Disney and other parks . A bit heavy , but figure this is why it has lasted so long , made well .
 I L.O.V.E this jogging stroller ! VM Innovations has a better price than any other place with free shipping too -LRB- do n't forget to do a google search for an online coupon for more savings -RRB- . It does n't come with a child or parent tray but you can order one for 20 $ online . It came with extra padding for the seats , and a bug net , but the tires will need to be filled . The description of it matched just what i received . It was so easy to set up ! And for all the parents complaining about ` front wheel wobbling ' the instructions clearly tell you how to fix that issue ! Remember , this is a jogging stroller , made primarily for outdoor use ; not to go shopping in JC Penny ! ;-RRB- I look forward to many years of use with this stroller !!
 I recently purchased this stroller and so far I am pleased with most of it . It seems to be of good quality as well as durable and stable . The wheels are nice and assembly is a breeze ; I did it with a baby crawling on me and my two year old distracting me . My only complaint is that the swivel wheel does not make sense to me seeing as though if you jog with the swivel wheel in the unlocked position , -LRB- which you ca n't do haha -RRB- the wheel violently vibrates and sometimes the stroller comes to a complete stop . This is not a cool feature ... So the solution -LRB- which I called Instep and had no wait time to ask for help , very nice customer service -RRB- the representative told me is to keep the stroller 's swivel wheel in the locked position while running since it is the only way the wheel will not vibrate and turn -LRB- she says this is their recommendation -RRB- . This does n't make sense to me because it is difficult to maneuver the stroller on the sidewalk around curves etc when the wheel is in a locked position which makes you have to slow down to handle the turn or lift the front wheel every few seconds around a turn or try to force your way around . I do not know if I am just stupid or what because I have never had a jogging stroller but this has become a PITA and I am considering shipping it back because I just do n't get why it should be so difficult to use . So I guess my only complaint is a deal-breaker for me ... which is too bad because I really like the stroller , not to mention I do not want to go through the hassle of returning the beast back for a refund .
 I really like this jogger . It is smooth and easy to control/steer . I do n't run with it , but use it every day to walk to school to drop off my son . My main negative feedback is that it is not balanced for when there is only one child in it . It shakes , makes a lot of noise , and is harder to control/steer . I also wish the handle bar was higher . I am 5 ' 8 '' and I feel like I have to lean a little to hold onto it comfortably . Other than that though , it is great . I have three preschoolers and they have all had their turn in it . All of them like the fit and ride .
 We have had this stroller for awhile , and I just use it for jogging . It 's very wide , so it 's not good for use in a mall or stores , but it 's lovely to go for a run with . We replaced the inner tubes after having lots of leaks with some puncture proof tubes -LRB- ran $ 60 for all 3 tubes -RRB- , and have been super happy since . We bought this with change we took in to a coinstar machine , so the $ 60 for the tubes as the only money actually out of pocket that we saw . It 's nice , my 2 and 5 year old like it , and it 's easy to use . You have to be smart , something like this is made with one goal in mind , helping a parent or caregiver go jogging with their children in tow . For the price of a BOB I got this stroller , an Ergo for my 2 year old , and a Graco Ipo for my 5 year old .
 I just received my stroller 2 days ago and am more pleased then not with the stroller . I read all of the reviews before purchasing and was a little concerned with 2 of the components -LRB- sun visor and child seat backs -RRB- but after owning 2 different double strollers -LRB- tandem and expedition jogger -RRB- my MAIN concern was needing a jogger -LRB- because I actually jog - not walk -RRB- that would be easy to push , light weight and have a great swivel tire . And to my surprise this stroller is by far one of the higher end joggers that allows you to jog easily without any strain . Because I read the reviews I was n't shocked that the sun shade/visor is n't adequate so I already ordered a kiopotamous attachment . I would have given it 5 stars if they visor would have been better made . I also am not totally impressed with the way the seats move back and forth but my kids dont seem to mind it -LRB- 21/2 and 8 mnth -RRB- and I 'm sure I will get use to those in time . Also , it was super easy to put together . If you are looking for a jogger in this price range that actually allows you to jog and is easy to push then this is a good buy . They just need to re-do the kid visor .
 I do n't really write reviews for things -- but I had write one for for this stroller . I bought it 2 years ago . I wanted a good running stroller but I really could n't feel good about paying $ 500 + . I love this stroller!I 've taken this stroller EVERYWHERE -- and put ALOT of running miles on it . I 've tested by friend 's BOB stroller and saw few differences as far as steering , mobility , and ride . I actually prefer the InStep bc the BOB separate seats seems to squish my boys -LRB- who are taller for their age -RRB- in the seats.The sun shade definitely needs to be improved . We live in CA where it 's always sunny , so I slather them with sunscreen . The screen is good for resting my Ipod on or sippy cups.And because I did n't shell out $ 600 , I 'm not so paranoid about taking it on airplanes , leaving it while we play at the park , keeping it on the porch , etc. I love to run and my boys love the stroller -- so it 's a great match . If you 're looking for a good double jogger but do n't want to take out a loan , this is the perfect jogger for you .
 This is a great stroller , especially for the price . I am a mother of two , a 31/2 year old and a 13 month old , and they love when we go to the park for a walk or run . I had a hard time before getting this stroller at Christmas doing that , because I only had a single jogging stroller and a tandem double . This left my daughter either riding her bike or walking , or using the tandem and only being able to walk . After getting this stroller we have been able to go several times , and they both love it . It is so easy to use . The swivel wheel is wonderful ; I would gladly kiss whoever decided to put one of these on a stroller . I can push and turn it with one hand . It is even easier than the single Eddie Baurer stroller I had when my daughter was a baby.There have been some who had trouble with their older children not fitting . My daughter is 31/2 and is about 39 inches tall . She really does n't have any problem fitting in the stroller at all . Her legs still fit on the leg prop , but even when she lets them dangle , they do n't get in the way at all . The only thing that I would add is a place for the kids to put their drinks . I had seen someone else say that on their review , and that they had ordered the BOB console in addition . They put the BOB part on the handlebars for the parents use , and the small one that came with the stroller on the kids bar for their use . That works out wonderfully , and now both kids and myself have a drink holder . There is also a place to put your keys , money , etc. . Highly recommend getting this in addtion . Overall , wonderful stroller that you ca n't beat for the price .
 I bought this stroller for my 8 month old and 21/2 yr old . It drives great ! Easy to push ... even with one hand . The seats recline separatly so i can lay my baby back to sleep while my 21/2 yr old watches the world ! It was easy to assemble -LRB- i was able to do it myself -RRB- . I do wish it had a bigger storage compartment but i still can fit most anything i need to put down there . The sunshade is a little small but as great as the actual stroller works this was a minor detail for me . I am overall very happy with this stroller and i would suggest it to any parent of 2 .
 I bought this so I could excercise more with the kids , however , its big enough to fit both of them comfortably but small enough to take to the mall . Also , the people who sold it were fantastic and I would order from them again .
 easy to put together , smooth ride , easy to get in and out of my suv .
 This stroller is great fun for moms or dads on the go . It does the job . I love it .
 I bought this stroller because I have a 2 year old and a 3 month old and did n't want to push 2 strollers . It was very easy to push around and big enough to hold all kinds of things . The one problem is that it is big and heavy . It would n't fit in my trunk and it weighs 40 lbs . or so . It did n't fit thru my front door but I did n't have too much trouble in getting into stores doors . Will probably take some getting used to .
 We have really liked it . One of the attachments for the cover was broken in the box but InStep shipped us one out without a problem . I would recommend this stroller .
 This double stroller looks to have independent reclining seats , but I need to make sure.Does anyone know for sure?Thanks
 This item ships with tires deflated , so do n't expect to use it without a trip to get air ! The brakes were a little stiff , but WD-40 did the trick . That understood , AWESOME , per my daughter . The twins like it , too.It 's a bit wide , but that adds stability , a trade-off . Instructions feature photos from the single model , a little confusing .
 This is the best stroller . My three year old and 6 month old fit very comfortable in it . It 's easy to push and it 's a smooth ride for my kids . It was easy to put together as well . I highly recommend this stroller .
 After reading several reviews -LRB- 10 - 20 -RRB- I decided to purchase the In Step Safari 2 Double Stroller . Very happy Make sure you purchase the Kiddopotamus Ray Shade a MUST .
 This is a better stroller than the other three -LRB- all for one child -RRB- strollers we have . Very maneuverable and adjustable . It turns on a dime and seats adjust up and down independently . Folds down very quickly . It 's great that the kids can sit next to each other .
 I gave this stroller a 4 because there is no parent consol . Other than that it handles very well .
 We bought this stroller to use while jogging around our neighborhood . We have 2 boys , ages 4 months and 3 years . Both boys fit in the stroller very well , our 3-year-old is comfortable and has just enough room on his `` side '' . We actually started using the stroller last month , when our baby was only 3 months old -LRB- a large 3 months , he was already about 14 lbs -RRB- . Once we put him in it , we felt comfortable with how secure he was in the stroller . Our older son often has a drink and a toy in the stroller with him , and we had been jogging in cooler weather , and the stroller allowed enough room to wrap a thick blanket around our younger son while he was in it , too . There is a large , divided basket under the seats which is easily accessible . We have n't laid both seats back all the way , but it looks like it would be hard to get large things in and out of the basket with both seats down.STROLLER PARTS
 I really wanted the BOB tandum stroller , but the Cost is little over what I want to spend on a stroller . When i saw this stroller , I was very hopeful ! NOW , I am so excited , i just got it through Fed Ex this morning , and already took my first walk with it . The swivel wheel is awesome for tuning sharply and getting where you need to go . You do n't have to worry about uneven sidewalks , and other terrian , this stroller just rolls right over them very smoothly . I was a little concerned at first my bar across the front was not attaching very well , so i called the customer service # for the stroller , and the lady was very nice and got to speak with an associate very promtly , she helped correct my problem and i was on my way . Altogether , I 'm so thrilled , having just had my second child two months ago , I can get back into my regular exercise routine ! Very smooth , easy to use and easy to esemble . Thank YOU !!! Oh , I got the Chocolate / blue . Works very well with having a Boy and a Girl . LOVE IT !
