 I would not recommend this diaper pail ; I regret believing its claim of being `` odorless . '' I expect there to be SOME odor , but this stinks all the time . We change it frequently , and yes , I understand that my toddler 's poop is going to stink more than an infant 's , etc. etc. -LRB- referencing other people 's reviews -RRB- but this pail does NOT do the job . In addition , it frequently sticks when you try to swing the handle to drop the diaper into the pail - and the pail is not full when this happens . Based on all the other reviews I 'm thinking maybe I got stuck with a lemon.We used the Diaper Dekor first and that worked really well for odor control but it held less diapers and it was n't very sturdy . -LRB- The Diaper Champ and Genie are both more solid in their construction . -RRB- Even with that though , I 'm thinking about purchasing another one since we have about another year or so in diapers and I ca n't stand the smell with the Diaper `` Champ '' anymore . The Diaper Dekor 's bags and design both work to control the odor . The refill bags last a long time so I do n't care that they 're proprietary . Definitely the best bet in my book . Hope this helps a potential buyer .
 My son is now 11months old , and this is the only diaper pail I have had , but I would definetly try something else for my next child.The good things about this diaper pail are the price , and it is easy to use and change the bags . It does n't require any special bags which is cost efficent.The thing I ca n't stand about it and the reason I only gave it 2 stars is because of the smell . My childs room always smells like I just changed his diaper . I use scented bags in the diaper pail , I have a deoderizer stuck on the inside of the pail , and I have an odor neutralizer on the outside of the pail . It still smells , so I would not recommend this product .
 This as got to be the worst diaper pail ever it stinks out the whole room . I too wanted to save on bags -LRB- big mistake -RRB- . I can not stand it any longer . It is out !
 We 've used both the Diaper Champ and the Diaper Genie , and if you are buying a diaper pail to keep out smells , the Diaper Champ is not the best choice ! While it 's relatively easy to use , if the smell factor is what you want to avoid , go with the Diaper Genie model with the `` wide mouth '' instead . We have a 3 year old resisting potty training , and one on the way in just a few weeks . We 've invested in a second Diaper genie and thrown out our Diaper Champ - it just does n't do as advertised !
 I thought this was a great idea , but in practice - it really did n't work well for us . The diapers would get stuck in the ` piston ' and the odor was not well contained . If I could go back , I 'd register for a Diaper Genie instead .
 It was with great pleasure that we threw this USELESS item in the trasth . We replaced it with the NEW Diaper Genie and we have NO more odors -LRB- even after 6 or 7 dirty diapers -RRB- , so we know that it was the pail ! Do not buy unless you plan on changing the pail as much as your child .
 The diaper champ has had to be put in my laundry room . It stinks to high heaven . A very disappointing item . I would definitely NOT recommend it .
 After reading the reviews on both , I was undecided whether to buy the Diaper Genie or the Diaper Champ . So I bought both and tried them side-by-side . I got the Genie on sale for $ 19 , plus the an extra insert for $ 5 . I bought the Champ for $ 25 after a $ 5 coupon . I brought them home and first set up the Genie for it 's two-week test run . I loved it . Since it seals each diaper individually , you do n't have to throw out a whole bag for a few days worth of diapers . And yes , you 'll want to empty it out every three to four days . But that 's no problem
 We registered for this item because of the convience of the trash bags . We are now finally giving up on this item and purchasing the diaper genie . We changed the bags several times a week , bleached the pail regularly and used the odor control disks . Nothing works ! On top of this , the foam seal came unglued and twisted making it usless and of course even more odorful . When you end up taking each of the diapers outside to the trash as they come , the point of having a diaper pail is diminished greatly and I would rather spend the money on the special bags . Needless to say , it was a waste of money since we are now going to by the other brand anyway .
 I do n't think I would have bought the diaper champ if I heard how bad it smelled ! I read all great reviews but I guess people must have left out how bad it stinks all the time . It does not keep odor out at all . I have scented trash bags in it and it still gags me when I walk in my daughters room . I think the way to open it is awfully hard too . I brake a nail every time or pinch my fingers . I do n't think I would reccommend this to anyone . It helps save money because you do n't have to buy special bags but for the extra money I would have gotten the diaper genie . Unfortunatly , I found this out too late !!
 I bought this when my son was born because it was recommended by a friend . I liked it at the beginning because it was easy to put the diapers in and you can use a regular trash bag . Well , we 've had it for awhile and it always smells like poop and its supposed to be odor free . We empty it out often but even when we put a new trash bag and wipe it down and spray it down with lysol it still smells like poop . Do not recommend it at all .
 We bought this item a little more than a year ago . It is not odorless , it is hard to change , and not the greatest product ever . I would not recommend it . WE have our changing table in our living room , where the kids are most of the time , and the reek got so bad , that we ended up putting it outside , I am sure to never bring in again . Contrary to other posters suggestions , we do change it about every other day , and the reek is so bad . Even after spraying febreze , or glade neutralizer in it ... I have cleaned it with clorox wipes , sprinkled baking soda in it , and it still reeks . Go with something else .
 The diaper champ begs to be knocked out . It is wishful to think that this contraption controls the stink . If anything , it allows the diapers to ferment into a far worse state than if a person on a daily basis simply tied off the bag and took the soiled diapers out of the house . Diapers do n't really smell bad unless they are given time to ripen , for which the champ is perfect . The diapers actually smell far worse and stronger in the champ after a day than in a open paper grocery bag coupled with a plastic bag . -LRB- i know my kid 's waste stinks so believe me i know the paper bag works better and is easier for throwing out other baby-changing materials , dare to compare -RRB- The chute and sliding weight , while creative , is not that effective . The weight like some others have mentioned needs help towards the end of a bag and sometimes when the bag is not that full . My real problem lies with the chute . If any baby waste gets smeared around the chute , or in the sliding mechanism , that mess will need to be cleaned and that 's a waste of time . Also , that means putting dirty wipes down the chute is a no-no b/c they will just soil the mechanism . One person made a good suggestion of lining the chute hole with a plastic bag but i would prefer not to have bag the garbage b/f i put it in another garbage bag not to mention having to pull out a new bag for every diaper.Lastly , changing the bag is a pain . I 'm a dexterous person but i 've spent a number of times clawing this thing open . Fitting the bag and wrapping it around the interior gate is another inconvenience.A person really interested in controlling the stink is better off using any old garbage can lined with a bag , and on a daily basis changing it , and tying it off . In my opinion the smell is minimal that way and nonexistent compared to a full diaper champ.Where or when is this thing the champ ? At the baby shower this item lives up to its name . Everybody ooohs and aaaahs , the presenter will be slapped on the back and carried around the room on everybody 's shoulders . It `` looks '' like it should be a holy grail ; better than the Stanley Cup . I gave this to dear friends and i was really proud of myself -LRB- even though my wife picked it out -RRB- . Oh what the heck , for the feeling it gives you at the shower you should buy two . The other should go on your mantel to remind you of your supremely thoughtful purchase . Good luck , i 'm going to go rub mine for luck .
 I was happy for the first two months , then it seems that the odor stays on it . Even if I washed it with soup and water , stinks ! Also I broke my nails about 5 times when trying to open the lid to take out the bag , so my husband was on charge on taking it out after all . Now I just have a small trash container and use grocery plastic bags that are taking out every night ; cheaper and cleaner ! Gave it one star because it did work for the first two months when you have to change the baby every time he eats .
 I thought that this would be much better then the diaper geanie , but it is horrible . My baby is only 2 months old and the diaper champ smells so bad we had to put it outside . I would not recommend this product for anyone who likes to have their nursery smell good . If you do n't mind a smelly nursery ... go for it .
 I 've used the Diaper Champ since my son was born . After about 4 months I can only describe the smell coming from the Diaper Champ as VILE . I have almost thrown up while changing the bag . We 've tried everything we can to clean it . I 've soaked it in bleach and sprayed every inch with lysol . Today was one of the best days I 've had with the Diaper Champ -- we put it in the trash !
 When the old Diaper Genie was discontinued , we purchased the Diaper Champ because we were told by a salesperson that it was odorless like the Genie . We liked the fact that we could dispose of diapers with one hand and could use any garbage bag instead of costly refills . We do not like the smell that seems to linger around the champ . I guess the smell find it 's way around the plunger . Bottom line is it really is easier to use , but DEFINITELY not odor free . I would not recommend this product .
 I LOVED my Champ for the first year as it was all I expected in ease , cleanliness , odor free with regular bag changes and the economical use of kitchen bags . Then the liner began to come loose and get stuck in the tumbler and eventually had to be removed altogether making things a bit less odor resistant , but still manageable with regular bag changes , cleanings , airings and sprinklings of baking soda . The real problem we have now is that no amount of cleaning and deoderizing the Champ after a bag change -LRB- about twice a week for us -RRB- has managed to eliminate the strong odor that seems to be clinging to the actual pail now . We 've tried a number of disinfectants , deoderizers and air freshners , but they are no match for the offensive odor of the Champ even when clean and empty . We are so disappointed in the short-term success of this product . It has been removed from my son 's room and we are now taking each diaper out individually and looking for another pail . I am really interested in finding another `` use-any-trashbag '' style for sake of our finances . In light of our experience with the Champ , I 'd have to recommend not purchasing this pail unless you are prepared to replace it when it fails to do it 's no-odor diaper duty in due time .
 My daughter was completely breastfed until 6 months of age , during which time the Diaper Champ worked reasonably well . As advertised , it was convenient to use regular trash bags , and no problem to operate and empty it . My one complaint during that time was that sometimes , no matter how hard you try to seal a diaper with the tapes , it may not keep everything in -LRB- especially before babies go on solids -RRB- , and the diapers would leave ... ahem ... `` skid marks '' down the sides of the chute -LRB- sorry -RRB- . That was not pleasant , but we could deal with that.Then , my daughter started solids , and the Diaper Champ quickly lost its appeal . Yes , we emptied the pail when it was necessary . Yes , we emptied it outside . Yes , we aired out the pail outside and Lysol ` ed the inside each time before putting in a new bag . But as long as the dirty diapers were in there , my daughter 's room stank . We finally ditched the thing and got a Diaper Genie . Yes , the refills are not that cheap , but they are easy to find , and I do n't find the `` deodorized '' smell of the plastic film offensive at all . It 's much better than the alternative with the Diaper Champ -LRB- which my husband and I started calling the `` Diaper Chump '' -RRB- .
 We bought the Diaper Genie and the Diaper Champ - we are much happier with the Diaper Genie . The film cartridges are a little bit more expensive , but they keep the smell away unlike the Diaper Champ .
 I bought the Diaper Champ because I like the idea of re-using grocery bags . But it does not work for poopy diapers . If I put one poopy diaper in the whole room smells immediately . This is a terrible product and I ca n't believe that other people have given it positive reviews .
 Do not waste your money on this product . We registered for this product because the reviews were great ... and misleading . The reviews say it worked great at keeping the odor in ... that is so not true . My son is almost one and we 've been using this product for the whole time . I do n't know how so many people can disagree on such an obvious issue . It either smells or does n't smell . This product failed by the time my son was three months old ... I have tried everything and feel it 's now time to throw it away . This product works so bad that if I were to put the dirty diapers in the middle of the floor it would smell close to the same as it does now . Everyone says well poop smells ... well then do n't say that this thing does what it claims to do . It claims to keep the smell of dirty diapers in . If you have to change the bag everyday then why would anyone spend the money on purchasing a diaper pail at all when most people have to take the household garbage out everyday anyway . I have tried lysol everytime I changed the bag . I have tried cleaning it out with soap and hot water . I have tried stronger cleaning agents and nothing works . We have come to the conclusion that diaper pails in general are not worth the money . We are going to just put the diapers in with the household garbage that we take out about once a day anyway . It would be great if there was such a thing as a diaper pail that could do what it claims to do ... and keep the smell in . We just are n't going to keeping putting more money into it.Like other people have said it I could give this zero or negative stars I would , but the lowest the rating goes is one . Do not buy this product .
 Prior to buying the diaper champ , we were using a regular old garbage can . Oh how I wish I had n't spent the money on this thing ! I change the bags frequently . I wash it out with soap and water . I use lysol in between washings . This thing just reeks ! I gag everytime I have to change the bags . The smell does not stay inside either.Back to the store I go for a regular old garbage can . Terrible , terrible product !! BTW , I had to give this product a `` 1 '' as there is no `` no stars '' option .
 Worst diaper pale ever !! I 've had mine for 2 years now and I am throwing it away as soon as my second Decor arrives . No matter how many times I clean the `` Chump '' it still stinks . The diapers and wipes get caught in the drop hole and stuck wet wipes make it stink even worse . Forget scented trash bags , they wo n't cure the smell of the `` Chump '' . Also , watch out when changing the bag , you may lose a finger if the lid unexpectedly slams shut on you when changing it . Forget this pale and go for the Decor .
 The Diaper Champ is TERRIBLE at keeping the smelly diapers from only smelling in the container . Our baby 's room was constantly stinky -LRB- due to the Diaper Champ , not the baby ! -RRB- , and we were having to empty the container almost daily . What 's the point of having a diaper disposal system if you ca n't dispose of diapers efficiently ? Please do n't buy this product unless you enjoy smelling those dirty diapers . The Diaper Champ just does n't work .
 My husband and I were shopping and we came across the Diaper Champ . We figured it was a great idea to save money useing regular bags instead of purchasing refills all the time . After 2 days , I could smell the diaper champ the second I walked into my son 's room . I was constantly spraying it with Lysol . My son , who is two , managed somehow to get the lid open , and can take the diapers out . I do n't know how he did it , since I have a hard time opening it . When I had the Diaper Genie , there was vurtually no smell and my son could not get in it . Invest in the Diaper Genie , the product stinks !
 Currently , my daughter is 15 months old . Originally , we had a Diaper Genie . My sister-in-law had mentioned that she was very happy with the Diaper Champ . So , I went out and bought the Diaper Champ because I no longer wanted to be a slave to specialized diaper refills . It worked really well for about one month . Ever since my daugter has started eating table food -LRB- the real stuff not the baby jar food -RRB- the Diaper Champ has failed at containing the dirty diaper odors . I could live with a slight odor -LRB- after all it is a diaper pail -RRB- , but not a blowout stinkfest . Also , it is a challenge to remove the lingering odor from the Diaper Champ after every bag change.It is a great design , except it does need a way to keep wayward toddlers from dumping toys into the pail . I love the idea of using garbage bags instead of constantly buying refills . I give it a rating of 2 stars because it fails to do the most important job of a diaper pail -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , keep the the odor contained . I 'm going to try to put the diapers in a ziploc to see if that solves my problem .
 I decided to try the diaper champ after having my third child . It was not a winner . First of all , it began to smell once my child was introduced to solid foods . The baby 's entire room had an odor and it took days for it to go away . Secondly , the dirty diaper would get stuck when I would turn the handle for the diaper to go down into the pail and would cause a mess ! I used the diaper genie with my first two children and would recommend that over the diaper champ .
 Got this instead of the Diaper gene . Wish I had the Gene . The first month I had it , the gasket came off . This is what actually seals the odor in . -LRB- The odor was there but bearable , my son was breastfed & his diapers were not too bad -RRB- I did not realize at the time after about 8 months I called Baby Trend . They sent me two gaskets . Put the second one on , it helped but within a week it was off & the odor was back again in full force . There are some major problems :1 -RRB- The odor is not contained at all !! 2 -RRB- The diapers get stuck in the top !! 3 -RRB- The diapers will make a mess and the exposed surfaces are a magnet for curious little hands . -LRB- it needs a top -RRB- 4 -RRB- It is not easy to clean !! 5 -RRB- The gasket keeps coming off !! I would not recommend it for anyone . We have tried putting baking soda , air freshners & scented trash bags in the bottom to contain the odors . Nothing contains the odor . It is in the garage & bought a $ 5.00 trash can at Walmart for his diapers . The champ -LRB- HAHA -RRB- will work OK Until your child get on table food then WATCH OUT !!! Save your money !! DO NOT BUY !!
 I got the diaper champ before my first baby was born in September , 2002 . I thought it would be a great alternative to the diaper genie since it uses regular trash bags . It worked great when my daughter was an infant . But , once she started eating more solids and the poo starting smelling more it was awful . There was always an odor and my daughter 's room began to smell . We decided to get rid of it and buck up for the Diaper Genie . I 've been so pleased with it , well worth the money and the refill film goes further than you 'd think . I 'd skip the Diaper Champ and go for the true winner
 We did alot of research on diaper pails before our first child was born . We knew a few couples with the Diaper Genie , and one couple with the Diaper Champ . The couple with the Diaper Champ has a baby that is 3 months older than our child . This couple liked their Champ just fine , saying they noticed no odors . We also read tons of reviews , mainly here on Amazon , of both products . And from the reviews , it seemed there were many happy customers of both products . So we decided , if they were about equal , we would go with the more convenient and cheaper solution , the Champ.Well , we were pretty happy for about 4 to 6 months . We very much liked that we could use our regular trash bags . And changing the Champ 's bag is very easy . But after our child was well into eating solids , at about 7 months , the smell became unbearable . It really is true that babies ' poops really start to stink much , much worse when they eat lots of solids . So we went out and bought a Diaper Genie , and are now very happy with the Genie . The Genie has 2 big advantages over the Champ , in regards to smell control . 1 -RRB- Each diaper is contained in its own litte pouch via the Genie 's twisting mechanism . 2 -RRB- The filler bags progress in thickness , so as your child gets older , and her poops get smellier , you can get thicker , better bags.After using the Genie for about a month now , we are very pleased . The Champ is essentially a simple waste pail with a fancy hood . The hood and ordinary trash bags do n't do much for odor prevention . The drawbacks to the Genie though , are that you must buy their fillers , and the bag changing mechanism is much more complicated than the Champ 's . We thought these were worth dealing with to prevent the odors .
 I bought the diaper champ based on its good reviews . However , I disagreed with them . I do not think it stops odor at all . I think I would have been just as well off throwing diapers in a trash can . We moved it from the nursery to the garage because we could not bear the smell .
 This was great for first 5 months of my baby girl . But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner . First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor . Bottom line if you buy this for your newborn , it is fine . But be prepared to buy something else -LRB- diaper genie ? -RRB- which can trap the odor better.I am now looking at the diaper genie .
 This product received a high rating by this site and others ; however , it does not live up to those ratings and expectations . It does not seal out odors effectively . Also , it creates such a stench when you empty it that it forces you to do it outside of your home . We recently decided to move it into the bathroom ; however , the odor was just unbearable.We would not recommend this product to anyone . We just purchased the Diaper Genie based on positive feedback from our friends.Diaper Champ is going to the dump first thing in the morning ... Buyer Beware !
 we have had multiple problems with this pail giving off too much odor . we have tried to wash it out multiple times , use lysol , baking soda , and even put the diapers in a powder scented bag prior putting them in the pail . when calling the manufacturer they said it was probably a bad seal . they then sent us 2 brand new seals for free-which was wonderful . my husband replaced the seal which did n't solve the problem ... so we placed two seals all together and it still continued to smell . we have since then moved it outside which is not very convenient and now the pail does n't get used very often .
 I bought the Neat system , and really liked it , but my husband did n't like the fact that you had to use two hands to put in the diaper . After about 10 months we decided to try a new system , and opted for the Champ ! Our entire side of our house smelled like baby poop with the Champ . We then bought the Genie and our entire house smelled like poop and the pail was a pain to use . I could n't use it one handed because I had to hold down the lid to turn it -LRB- it must have been defective -RRB- . Then after a week of use , our pail stopped twisting the diapers . Playtex was very good about returning it , since Babies r Us would n't return a used pail -LRB- ca n't say I blame them -RRB- . I bought another Neat diaper system and am so happy with it . Yes you have to use two hands , but really after the baby is a few months old you ca n't really hold them up on the table one handed anyways because they are so swirmy . This truely is odor free , with the exception of when we change the plastic liner . Also , this holds at least twice as many diapers as the Genie or the Champ . We can go a week without changing the liner if we want to and there is still no odor . Everyone complains about the cost of refills verses the Champ , but really , the refill lasts at least a month , so for less than five dollars a month I can have a odor free home and not have to change the pail every two days . It 's totally worth every penny !
 I registered for this product after reading the reviews , and I have to say I was very disappointed . You are better off just getting a garbage pail with a tight lid . Not only did my daughter 's room smell horrible , but I broke three finger nails trying to lift the lid .
 I bought this product based on reviews in `` Baby Bargains '' and also on this site . At first it worked well - no major problems . It smelled when you opened it to change the bag - but what container storing dirty diapers would n't ? After about 2 months of use , the smell got bad . I had been changing the bag frequently , cleaning it , airing it out outside , and finishing that routine with Lysol . However I could smell the thing in the hall outside of my daughter 's bedroom . I changed the bag , cleaned it , etc -LRB- see my usual routine above -RRB- and it still smelled . It was n't even open!To make an even longer story shorter - I bought the Diaper Genie and found that all of the `` reasons '' that I did n't buy it in the first place -LRB- refills being costly/annoying -RRB- did n't even apply to me . The refills are about $ 5 and are available at all of the stores that I go to on a regular basis . I 've used it for about 2 months now and I ca n't smell anything , unless I 'm emptying it and the bottom is open .
 When my hand-me-down Diaper Genie broke , I bought a Diaper Champ . I figured I 'd save some money not having to buy the Diaper Genie refills . While I was happy about being able to use regular trash bags , that was all that really impressed me with the Diaper Champ.The odor protection of the Diaper Champ really leaves something to be desired . My son 's room smelled very badly , even when I changed the pail every day.Changing the Diaper Champ really is n't a pleasant experience . Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth -LRB- nothing is sealed -RRB- when you open the lid to change the trash bag , but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well , I 'm back to using a Diaper Genie , and my son 's room smells just fine . Save your money and buy something other than the Diaper Champ the first time around .
 I hate to say it , but the improvements made to this product actually made it WORSE ! The original was wonderful -- lasted forever , worked great , ABSOLUTELY NO SMELL ... the only bad thing was the mechanism to open it was difficult . We had the original for over a year with no smell at all . Then we decided to get the upgraded and improved one and were SO disappointed ! It started to smell almost immediately and only got worse . I 'm sorry to say , we should have stuck to the original . Maybe the company will hear enough complaints to go back to the old one ! In the mean time , we 're looking for a different product .
 I absolutely loved the older version , it did a great job of containing odors for about 15 months . It started to smell and cleaning did n't fix the problem so we replaced it with the new version of the diaper champ . I 'm so disappointed . When you put a diaper in and flip it , all the stinky air comes flying out and it 's horrible . The larger opening is nice but it certainly is n't as airtight as the older model . I 'd keep looking for a better diaper pail rather than buy the new diaper champ .
 ... than deal with the odor from this pail . Even changing the whole bag -LRB- we tried plastic grocery sacks , tall kitchen bags , even heavy duty garbage bags -RRB- every day did n't help . We 've moved this product to the garage and purchased a Diaper Genie for the nursery .
 I am really disappointed with the Diaper Champ . It worked great at first , but then the foam seal broke and it would n't contain the smell . Babies ' R Us gratiously exchanged it for another one and it happened again . I would say it 's a product default . We always made sure the tape was tucked in , etc. , but the foam liner just kept coming out . Plus , sometimes when the diaper was really heavy and big , like in the morning when they 're soaked , it would n't fit in the chamber and turn properly , so we 'd have to jam it in there , gross!Otherwise , the champ worked well on odors and accepting diapers . I 'm pregnant with baby # 2 and will look into other diaper pails .
 I registered for this pail after reading so many positive reviews on Amazon for it . It is very easy to use , but my baby 's room stinks from this daiper pail . I sometimes wash it but that does n't help either .
 I 've owned the same Diaper Genie II for the past 4 years , and while I never had any problems , I decided I was sick of throwing away money on cartridges , so I would explore other options with my 3rd child.I first encountered the Diaper Champ at Ikea and was surprised at how easy it was to use , and was very excited that it used regular trash bags . Since you ca n't get the original version anymore , only the inferior `` Deluxe '' version , I purchased a 2 yr old gently used Diaper Champ off of Craigslist . It was thoroughly clean and odor free when I set it up yesterday . There are maybe 5 diapers in there , and the smell just knocks you over when you enter my 2 yr olds room . I was convinced he had a dirty diaper , but discovered it was just the pail.I 'm very glad I still have my Diaper Genie and I will happily buy the cartridges for another 2 years if it means my 2nd floor will be odor-free . I would give the Diaper Champ 1 star , but I am still impressed by the one handed diaper disposal.I also want to say that some of the positive reviews are from users in the first 6 months , with the alleged `` seal '' still intact , and babies not yet on solids , with generally stinkless poo . Read the reviews of those with toddlers and see what they have to say .
 I 've used one for disposable and then one for cloth diapers.The Good :1 . It does contain odor well if you change the bag every two days or so . 2 . It does not require special bags . 3 . You can use with cloth diapers -LRB- in theory . -RRB- The Bad
 This is advertised as being compatible with cloth diapers . It is not . 90 % of the time a diaper gets stuck in the mechanism , and you have to lift the whole top off to detach the stuck diaper , completely defeating the whole purpose . In addition , it fills up after only a few cloth diapers . Might work well for disposables , but stay away from this one if you use cloth diapers .
 This is a terribly frustrating product . The design has such potential , especially the fact that it uses regular kitchen bags and not some special , expensive inserts like the Diaper Genie.For disposables , which we used the first few weeks with our twins , it works marginally well . We did not encounter any odor issues -LRB- they 're still young and poop is not too stinky -RRB- . There is a trick - you need to wrap up the diaper tightly and put the wipe inside , or they get stuck.HOWEVER , it does not work at all with cloth diapers . The diapers invariably get stuck in the lid , almost every single time . It generally works for the first two to three diapers after it 's freshly emptied . It 's a pain to open up , and then you have to grab onto a wet , dirty diaper to pull it through the mechanism.In addition , the top is more narrow than the bottom , and there are sharp protuberances near the top , resulting in shredded bags when they 're removed.I would not recommend this to anyone using cloth diapers . A garbage can with a lid works better , which is what I have now .
 We had this Diaper Pail in our laundry room and it always stunk , especially when you turned the handle . We would have to change it every day . We now have the Diaper Decor and love it . With a 18 month old and a baby on the way I have found the perfect diaper pail . Do n't buy this one it was a waste of money . Hope this helps .
 This was a great idea , however the diaper champ does not deliever on its promise . At first you think it 's working well at ` trapping ' in the odors , but in reality newborn diapers do n't really have a bad odor . Once the baby starts to eat some solid foods , that 's when the odor really starts to get bad and the diaper champ does not seems to be able to trap the odor well . Also , I had a difficult time pushing the lid from side to side because the blue rubber ring around the top started to pop up and catch on the bin . So , I had to use two hands to turn it instead of just stepping on the foot pad and pushing with one hand.I would not recommend this to anyone . It 's a waste of money !
 Do not buy the Diaper Champ ! I have tried both the Diaper Genie and the Diaper Champ , and the Diaper Genie wins hands down . We used the Diaper Genie with my daughter and it was wonderful . It held a lot of diapers , had scented bags , enclosed each diaper in it 's own compartment , and was super-easy to empty . It also lasted approximately 2 years before we began to notice any smells . The Diaper Champ , however , is the exact opposite . We purchased the Champ when my son was born , and it began smelling within one month 's use . Seriously , this is the worst diaper pail on the market . It absolutely smells , it 's much larger than the Diaper Genie and takes up more space , and changing it is a pain . Having the Champ in your baby 's room requires it to be emptied daily -LRB- if not twice a day -RRB- . It 's the equivalent of having a regular garbage basket in your room . This is a terrible product and a complete waste of money . Do yourself , your baby , and anyone else in your home a favor and buy anything but the Diaper Champ . These manufacturers should be ashamed of themselves . By the way , I would have rated this 0 stars , but the website would n't let me .
 I found the Diaper Champ to be VERY smelly . Not only did odors leak out , but when you take out the bag you are assualted by STANK . Just like when you take out a regular garbage bag , you have to pull up on the bag with it still open and the smell is awful . I much prefer my Diaper Genie II .
 I do n't review products unless I think they 're really great or a waste of money . The Diaper Champ is a waste of your money . While not having to buy refills for it and being able to use trash or plastic shopping bags is convenient , that 's the only pro of this pail . It 's okay in the beginning when your baby is on breast milk/formula and not much else . But once they start eating and really pooping , not only do you deal with odors every time you change the bag , you deal with them EVERY time you add a diaper to the pail . When you pull the handle to dispose of the dirty diaper the scents of everything inside come floating out . My son 's room constantly smelled of dirty diapers . I bought the Diaper Genie II when my son turned a year old and I 'll never use anything else again . The refills hold a lot of diapers and there is NO ODOR EVER !
 My hubby and I have had both the genie and the champ -LRB- one upstairs , one down -RRB- . The champ really stunk up the room . Each time you flip the lid , odor came out ! and when you opened it to take out the bag , oh man !! The genie does n't completly hold odor in either , but I do n't see how any dispsal system could . However , the genie was better at holding the smell better than this thing . The only good thing -LRB- and I mean the only -RRB- , was that it took regular trash bags . Other than that , you would need a nose plug !
 With our first two children we used the diaper genie . I was tired of buying the extra inserts , so I decided to try the diaper champ with our third . The concept is great . I loved the idea of using our own garbage bags and flipping the diapers into the pail seemed so easy . What a disapointment ! Within a few days we found major flaws with the system . The pail did n't seem to hold many diapers . They stacked up on top of eachother and began to clog the chute the diapers `` flipped '' in . Even though there was plenty of room in the pail -LRB- it would only be half full -RRB- , the plunger would stick and we would have to push down on it to get the diaper through the small hole inside the pail . The bottom of the plunger would then touch the dirty diapers below it so that the next time you had to push it down , your hand would be wet from the previous diaper . It was pretty gross . We did what the manufacturer recommended and bundled the diaper before disposal , but this did n't help . It seemed to make the back-ups worse . The champ was also difficult to open . I chipped my fingernails everytime we emptied it . Finally , it is a lot bulkier than the genie and took up more space in our already small nursery . Needless to say , three weeks into # 3 , we ditched the champ and bought a new genie which we absolutely love .
 We had a really cheap monitor before we bought this one because it was just so noisy . . so we bought this one thinking it was going to be quieter . Well , it is ALOT quieter than our monitor , but like others said , it makes this awful beeping noise ! It has gone off twice in the middle of the night before ! We also have another digital phone , so it is constantly switching channels as well trying to find an available channel . I would look elsewhere for another monitor . . The beeping is what gets to me - I dont like being woke up by a very loud beep in the middle of the night!Edit
 We had the Fisher Proce sound and lights monitor and decided to go digital . This was the one we picked in our price range . We had it for a few weeks and absolutely loved it ... until there was some weather changes . Every time the weather was not clear the monitor could not find a signal and made a terrible beeping sound ! Buy the sound a lights for $ 15 and save the extra money !!
 This monitor is awful . I have had it for 5 months and it has only worked properly for 1 . It makes loud beeping noises at the oddest times , like 2 am !!! Do not buy this monitor . The onlt thing it has going is it is nice looking !!!!
 This was the worst monitor we have ever had , and we have had several with our kids . It says the range is 600 feet , but it does n't even reach 200 . Our cordless phone reaches twice the distance . The light makes it very annoying at night . It beeps loudly for no reason and cuts in and out frequently !
 I 've had this monitor for about 2 weeks and decided very soon after trying it to return it for these reasons : * Too much static * I was able to hear my noisy toddler in the other room VERY clearly , but could barely here my newborns whimpers when the monitor was right next to his crib . * The receiver makes clicking noises frequently - sometimes several times within a few seconds - I assume this is caused by its ` channel surfing ' technology that is meant to find a free channel . The idea of this technology is nice , but it 's kind of annoying . * The receiver would randomly start beeping as if the base was turned off -LRB- which it was n't -RRB- . And to top it off ... I was still using the monitor until I could get to the store to exchange it . The receiver was sitting right next to me and turned up all the way when I heard my baby crying - not through the monitor , but up the stairs ! I have no idea how long he 'd been crying because the monitor was not working !!!! The base was plugged in and turned on and the receiver was fully charged -LRB- and the green power light on -RRB- and THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO SOUND COMING THROUGH ON THE RECEIVER !!!! What a piece of junk !!! Do n't buy this.Besides , why pay all this money for a monitor that does n't give you the privacy that a fully digital model would ??? You might as well buy a less expensive 2.4 ghz model . If you want privacy you need one that is fully digital .
 This is the worst monitor ! I thought being digital monitor it would be great . I was TOTALLY wrong ! I could n't even get it to work ! Do n't waste your $ !
 First of all , 2.4 Ghz digital interferes with WiFi and cordless phones so I do n't know why they would say `` no interference . '' The second we turned it on , it did n't work and I had read all these bad reviews on here so I was already skeptical from the get-go . BUT I really wanted it to work because of the hot pink colour . It turned on all right but it never found a channel because of the interference = utterly useless . We returned it the next day and got Safety 1st Digital Monitor which runs on 6.0 GHZ and no interference problems , no problem . It 's also the same price as this Summer one , so do n't waste your money on this !
 This monitor worked fine for about 6 months . Then it started this out of range beeping everyone has been talking about . Annoying , but rarely did it during the night so i could deal with it . After 1 year of use , the speaker must have gone out . The receiver lights up but no sound comes out . I have no idea how long my poor son was crying before i heard him .
 I 've had the same experience as a lot of others . My monitor worked fairly well for several months - though without very good range . Now all the sudden , it shows that it 's working without actually picking up anything . It 's just started not recognizing that the unit in the baby 's room is on . I have to turn it on and off over and over before finally getting anything . I 'm also looking for another monitor and will get one today . Please do n't waste you time and money !
 We 've been using this monitor for 9 months now , it is usable , but I would definately NOT buy it again . I wanted a monitor that would still work if the power went out in the middle of the night . . The child 's unit has both a removeable AC adapter and a place for alkaline batteries , but even if it 's plugged in , it will drain the batteries before it goes to the outlet 's power . The parent unit still works with it 's rechargeable battery -LRB- which actually lasts a long time on it 's own -RRB- . But it seems the static has gotten louder over time . And often it will click out for a few seconds at a time , then click back in . -LRB- it reminds me of popcorn . -RRB- But mine does n't go out of signal and beep very often at all , maybe 4 times the whole time we 've had it . -LRB- and we live in a 2 story house . -RRB- But the volume is very annoying , there is no low setting . You have loud and extra loud , which makes it hard to sleep close to . I try to muffle it by putting a sock around the speaker . So DO N'T BUY this monitor , way too many negatives to balance out the positives .
 I see lots of people with the SAME problem I have had , so it apparently is n't a freak issue.I bought this monitor because ones we 've used in the past have had a lot of static and have picked up the neighbor 's children.This one worked great at first , but after a month of use it started having lapses , little hiccups , shall we say . Then it started letting out a shrill beep for no apparent reason . Going right back to normal use . Lovely inthe middle of the night . But , the really insidious problem that made me return it was when it stopped working , but yet LOOKED like it was working . Green light on , soft white noise coming from the unit , but that was not what was going on in the baby 's room ! My poor boy might have cried all night and I would n't have known.I have to say , PASS ON THIS MONITOR !
 I received this monitor as a gift . The first one I got did n't even work so I had to call the company to get a replacement - not a big deal and they made it quite easy . However , I wish I 'd just gotten a completely different monitor . I have never been able to hear/get signal outside -LRB- and I do n't live in a big house -RRB- and now even though the monitor shows that it 's working -LRB- lights on -RRB- I will hear my son crying , but not hear him over the monitor . Nice ! SO now I have to bang the unit , turn it on and off several times before we go to bed just to make sure I can hear something . I 'm fed up and looking at a new one .
 I like the monitor sound quality and background noise is not bad compared with other models . However I can NOT recommend this because it sometimes just stops transmitting the sound sometime in the night and gives no indication that it has stopped working . This morning I woke up and did n't realize my toddler was crying since the monitor was on with the green light . I actually have two of these monitors since I have twins and this is the 2nd one that has stopped working intermittedly .
 I purchase this monitor for travel purposes ... small and easy to use with the rechargeable battery . I wish I had read these reviews prior to purchase . I still use it but with precautions . I have to say , I do use it around my house b/c our other monitor -LRB- with camera -RRB- makes a lot of static noises when it 's out of range or there is wirless interference . The problem I have is that sometimes everything seems quite , but in reality it 's not transmitting ... even though both ends are plugged in - and the other monitor does transmit baby 's crying . It also make the anoying sound that other reviewers have mentioned . My home is less than 2500 sq ft and it often loses signal . I would recommend checking out other makes/models before purchasing this unit .
 This monitor is worthless , basically it does n't work ! It constantly beeps signalling ` out of range ' even when it 's only a few feet away . On top of that it also makes a loud clicking sound , so if you want to get any sleep do n't buy this monitor . Even if it was $ 5 it would be a waste of money . If I could I would give it negative 5 stars-it 's a complete joke !!
 We were in the market for a new baby monitor and in the interest of privacy I wanted to get a digital monitor . We picked up the Summer Digital baby monitor earlier this week at Babies R Us . I could not have been disappointed any sooner . As soon as I plugged it in I knew it was going to be a problem . First of all , it does n't even get close to loud enough to hear over any ambient noise . Forget watching TV with this monitor on because you wo n't hear the baby cry . On top of that , the designers decided to make it so every time you turn it off , the volume resets itself to low and you have to crank the volume all the way up to make it almost useable . Did I mention the fact that the volume buttons are located on the side of the receiver ... inconveniently placed right where you grip it when picking it up . The biggest problem with this monitor ... as if it needed any more ... is the fact that every 5-10 seconds this monitor cuts out for a second , clicks , and then comes back in.Save your money and buy the Graco iMonitor digital baby monitor .
 this monitor makes random beeping sounds so lould that we thought it was the smoke detector . We even replaced our smoke detector thinking it was broken only to find it was this stupid monitor . Do not but this
 I have been through 4 monitors and this was the worst . I plugged it in and it never found a channel therefor I could n't use it . Customer service did n't answer the phone or my email and the instruction booklet mentioned nothing at all about the tstrange beeping noise coming from it . What a waste of money .
 This monitor works as well as most others but not better . Unfortunatly ithas a vary loud and annoying beep when the signal is lost , even for a short while . This feature can not be turned off .
 Our first unit worked for 1 month then died inexplicably . The unit we got in exchange did n't work right out of the box . Stay far , far away from this product . I would n't trust anything from this manufacturer at this point .
 I used this monitor -LRB- manufacturer Summer Infant -RRB- for 1 week and had the following complaints :1 -RRB- The LED lights up the entire room at night , it looks as if there is a thunderstorm when baby wakes up ! 2 -RRB- There is frequent clicking while the monitor auto-selects channels .3 -RRB- The reception is not as sensitive as the other monitors I have tried4 -RRB- More static than the monitor from SONYAFTER reading customer reviews , and also testing out the Fisher Price , We purchased the SONY BABYCALL -LRB- 9 channels -RRB- 40.00 USD . The SONY is far superior in every aspect of quality . I see Sony also offers a 27 channel monitor , which includes a rechargable battery , for 10.00 more than the 9 channel . Probably worth it !
 After a concerted effort to get this monitor to work acceptably , I returned it . This is one of the few products I 've had that truly made me ask , `` What were they thinking ? '' The monitor gives off a loud `` out of range '' beep whenever it 's not in good communication , and there 's no way to shut it off . Compound that with the fact that it will intermittently think it 's out of range even when it 's just in the next room , and it is completely unusable when parents are trying to sleep . But that 's the least of it . The voice-activated mic clicks loudly in and out when it decides to transmit , or not . This is annoying , but all the moreso because when it decides to transmit seems to have absolutely no correlation to when there is actually sound in the room . And finally , the transmission is absolutely unintelligible
 but this did n't fit the bill at my house . I could go no farther than 100 feet when the `` loss of reception '' beep would sound . I 'd walk back toward the house and the beeping would stop . I called Summer Infant and they offered to send out a new unit but I chose instead to send it back to where I bought it and get my money back . Now I 'm back on the search for a long range monitor .
 I live in NYC in an apartment building with solid plaster walls , and I got no reception using this . It would work just outside my daughter 's door -LRB- with pretty poor sound quality -RRB- but not much past that . I got nothing in the living room -LRB- and the apartment is not that big ! -RRB- .
 I did n't get to see a picture of this entire product before I purchased it . I assumed it was something I could set up to keep an eye on my precious cargo as I walked . I did n't realize it would simply be a hand held mirror tied to a pouch with a shoe lace ! I did n't spend a lot of money on it or I would have been pretty irritated . The pouch is pretty cool , but I do n't think the mirror is all that useful .
 I like the idea of this monitor ! Bought it with first child . Less than two years later went to use the second camera for 2nd baby and did n't work . It was no longer under warranty , so all they would was send another camera . They sent 3 , none worked . Then a month later the monitor went stopped working . We did leave it on most of the time , so maybe turn it off when not in use
 I am not particularly impressed with this item . I have it set in two rooms and there is so much feedback to the parent unit that I can not have it scan between the two rooms which it is intended for . I tried all of the suggestions in the owner 's manual and none of them work . There is also a lot of feedback with the one camera in motion . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 First let me say I LOVE having a video monitor - I 'd swear that 's why my kids are such good sleepers . I had the other Summer Infant Video Monitor -LRB- non-scanning -RRB- for a good 2 years before the receivor stopped working , so when I had my recent baby , I decided to try this model . It 's only been out for 6 months apparently and they just have n't gotten it right quite yet . The picture quality is fantastic , but I am now on my third one and they are starting to break faster and faster . First of all , it is on a 2.4 Ghz frequency so if you have a wireless internet router in your house , this ca n't go near it . Also , be careful of wireless phones that may be on the same frequency.The first monitor just went black after 3 months - no picture on the screen , even though I had audio . Second monitor took an hour for the picture to show up once you turned it on . I 'm now trying a different model - going back to a less powerful Ghz.The only upside is that the company sent me new ones very quickly - the customer service has been great and I think they want to get it right . I would stick to their other models though .
 Like other reviewers ... I loved the product for the first year . My wife and I turned it off anytime the baby was n't sleeping . But after a year , the power cord would no longer stay plugged into the monitor . It 's probably a 50 cent repair , but their `` company policy '' is to not do repairs . Instead , I have to pay nearly $ 50 to get a new one ! I just ca n't comprehend not standing behind your product !! I would n't buy any product from this company again !
 Too much interference even when I disconnect things that share the same frequency . Does n't always switch back and forth between rooms , it get 's stuck on one room . The other model that only monitors one room was much better but like otheres mention , it was perfect for a year and then bam it picks up static or breaks all together .
 This carrier is impossible to get on by yourself . Every time I wear it my husband needs to help me . In addition , no matter how tight we make it , the carrier and baby keeps sliding down . It does n't support her head properly either . I would buy another one but the babies can use it for such a short time that it is not worth it to spend the money on a new one . 2009 - I am adding on that my daughter was injured by one of the clasps on the carrier and we got rid of it and replaced it with a new one .
 We purchased this bag from Amazon in May 2008 . The bag is a nice looking one and was able to fit our Britax Boulevard , which is a big car seat , nicely . We took it with us on a 2 hour domestic flight , and upon retrieving it from baggage claim , we noticed a hole in the bag from where the car seat was pressing on it . So , this is a good travel bag for a few trips , and after that , you 'll likely need to trash it .
 We bought this bag so we could check our son 's carseat with our other luggage when flying . His Britax Companion -LRB- bucket-style -RRB- seat fits well in the bag with some room to spare for other items , but the bag ripped in a couple of spots on its first trip , so it 's already sporting some duct tape repairs . Also , the handle is very poorly placed/designed , making it hard for average-sized adults to roll it on its wheels without hunching over a considerable amount .
 Failed to work as promised , did not alter whiteness at all . Very disappointing for all four people I purchased it for
 I 've tried to use this cart cover at Target and at a few grocery stores - it 's awkward and does n't fit any seats properly . I just gave up and bought an Eddie Bauer model - hoping for better luck there .
 I do n't want my kids touching any part of shopping carts and therefore was looking for 100 % coverage . This does n't provide it .
 This does n't fit in the grocery cart or high chair very well and does n't have the cushion that baby needs .
 I received this at my baby shower , and loved it at first , because it 's bright and colorful and has cute toys . However , like the other reviewers have said ,1 -RRB- It 's hard to put on . It requires hooking the velcro straps together in order to secure it onto the cart , and my baby is screaming and wiggling long before I can get it on .2 -RRB- It does n't cover the whole cart . My baby loves to mouth the whole handle bar , and you can see even in the picture , that this cover does n't reach the corners.One more thing ... 3 -RRB- The toys hang down the front of the cart on the outside . Once my baby is seatbelted into the cart , she ca n't reach them!The only thing this is useful for are small restaurant high chairs , where hopefully other people can distract/hold your baby while you attach it AND to play with in the car on baby 's lap , -LRB- while sitting in a car seat -RRB- . Infantino Cart Safari w/Microban
 I bought this product to fit over my schwinn jogging stroller and whilst it fits well and appears good quality water leaks through the bottom of the window onto the child tray . I have made several attempts to adjust it but without success , I end up with a pool of water in the childtray !
 Not enough info . to know for which models this rain cover fits . It unfortunately did n't fit on mine -LRB- the kind that plastic cover goes over the front wheel -RRB- , so I was really disappointed . There was really no room to tweak it to make it fit , either . Even if it did fit , I found out that if you put the seat back -LRB- so my child can sleep -RRB- the cover does n't have enough room to recline the seat . Another thing was the clear vinyl part was placed too high for small child to see what 's ahead ; only what 's above .
 The item looked great on arrival . I tried it on my Maclaren Mc3 stroller and imagined how well it will work . Only imagined , because when it arrived it was missing most ties and velcros and could not be securely attached to the stroller . Now I have to go through the pain of exchanging it -- hoping the second shipment will contain proper quality product ... Or may be I should return it and get something else ?
 Be very careful with this sleep sack ... the fabric around the neck is not stretchy , and was so tight on my baby 's neck that it left a mark . I do n't think she has a super-fat neck or anything and it was scary when I realized it was choking her . Thankfully I noticed it as I was putting her to sleep , and was able to take it off right away . Just be careful .
 Serious Warning
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! As I sit writing this I see that the item is out of stock , i suspect it has been discontinued . I put this on my paper registry in 2008 . Got and assembled it and the lid did n't stay open . Baby came , and I forgot about it until he was onld enough to use the toy box and the lid would not stay open . I called guidecraft and could not get anyone on the phone . I left messages , but that was it . So I put the toy box somewhere it could not be used . The kids got to it , on top of the lid not staying open , when it is opened the entire toy box tips over backward , dragging my youngest son over and trapping him inside . The lid is far too heavy for the design , the hinges ca n't hold it and the center of gravity is too high so the whole thing tips over when you open the lid . I have called and called about this and now I ca n't even get the number to ring through to guidecraft . Terrible design , not functional at all . I will not buy another thing from guidecraft after this .
 The image showing for this spoon set is not correct . The image is for Bendable Spoon which used to feed the baby before 12 month old and the description for the image is for baby after 12 month old . When you place the order they send you the set of spoon and fork with metal end for feeding the toddler not the plastic one for feeding the infant .
 Amazon would not allow me to change the order minutes after I had placed this order . I could not correct mymistake and had to buy it even though I did not want to . Sure , I could return it , bit it was going to cost me the postages plus the $ 5.05 that Amazon charged for shipping . Amazon has NO customer service . Any othercompany , I can just call to cancel . But not Amazon . They take your money and run .
 The description as well as image of this product incorrectly shows a dinosaur shaped two spoon set . However it is actually a stainless steel headed fork and spoon set as the title says . I returned the product since I wanted the one shown in the image .
 I purchased these exact shades -LRB- the double pack -RRB- as well as a dora the explorer one by munchkin ... they are terrible . The suction cups do not work , the shades are too small so they do n't even block the sun out . One of the suction cups was torn , the others were completely flat . I contacted the manufacturer and told them ... they had me take pictures and give them numbers off the product . They sent me a replacement Dora and one black replacement instead of two . The dora one is actually sticking -LRB- fingers crossed it continues -RRB- but the black one will fall off . I would n't waste your money ... you 'll just end up frustrated .
 If I could give them no stars I would . They do n't stay on the windows and forget about putting them on the door window . I put one on the side window and it fell off as soon as I shut the door . Thank goodness my son was not in vehicle at the time or it would have hit him . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought these and have still not been able to use them . They absolutely refuse to stick to the windows of the car , and if I do manage to get one up , it just falls within seconds . I fear if I do put them up , they will fall on my baby while I 'm driving . This is a waste of money .
 I ca n't believe they are still making these shades ; they do not stick and are of very poor quality . Do not waste your money .
 I usually do not post reviews but this product is awful and I want to save everyone $ 8 . Avoid . Suction is horrible and it just kept falling . If it was possible I would rate it a zero .
 These come in a package of 2 and look nice . I could n't even get them to stick to the window . I tried everything I knew to try ... cleaned the window , cleaned the suction cups , wetted them , pressed harder , pressed lighter ... you name it . They simply would n't stick . If they do n't stick to the dern window they 're pointless . I had some previous to these -LRB- that my son destroyed -RRB- and they were MUCH better . He pulled on those suckers with all his might . He pulled the shade right off but the suction part was still suctioned to the window . Now that 's a good product . I 'm going to look for those again today . He 's old enough to be past pulling them off now . Do n't waste your time and money on these .
 These are cheap . They do n't stick well , and keep sliding . I ended up throwing them away & buying better ones .
 I have been trying to stick these to windows for my baby , but they always fall off , sometime onto my baby in her carseat.I do not recommend them to anyone . They do not work ! I wish I could return them .
 Fortunately , we purchased this product at walmart so we wo n't have a problem returning it . These munchkin shades look well made , but will not stay on the window for even a short 20 min car ride . The bottom suctions do n't work at all so the shade flops around and my 17 month old can reach the bottom and play with it . What a piece of junk . Had the manufacturer used a higher quality suction cup , this product would be excellent .
 Not only do the top two suction cups not stick , but the lower suction cup will not stick either . Do NOT waste your money ! I washed/cleaned my windows prior to putting the shades up and they fell on my daughter five minutes into our car ride .
 Many reviewers commend this shade does not stick to the window . Well , I can not agree more . May I also add one more point - if your infant is not riding in the center backseat but by the window , this shade falls off unexpectly , well , should I say more ... . trust me , the weight of this shade is not light , you do not want this to hit your baby .
 I guess I am never going to find a sun shade that actually sticks to my windows . Even with cleaning them often using alcohol , as the manual suggests , they fall off every single day . How frustrating ! Might as well save myself the frustration and get my windows tinted !
 I put them in the center of the window and the sun always seems to peek around them on either side . And now the suction cups have lost suction and will not go back on the window . These are terrible . I 'm going to have to buy some more window shades but it will not be these .
 It always falls off ! So we got a car seat canopy from combi - it works better !
 We bought these and had nothing but trouble ... sun gets around the sides ... the biggest issue is the suction cups which are made of a rigid plastic that does n't conform and stick well to the window ... especially the small ones that are supposed to hold the shade at the bottom when it 's rolled out . They have been nothing but trouble ... I DID follow the instructions carefully regarding cleaning the window ... we 've tried everything ... wet suction cups , clean with rubbing alcohol , I ca n't even get them to stay with duct tape ! These are going in the trash and we are now looking for an alternative . Also note that the same shade is made with branded characters too such as Dora ... buyer beware !
 These are great temporary solution , just be sure to take them down and stow under the seat to avoid warping the top roller housing.Pro : + These shade work well , provides shade from the sun as advertised . + Easy to retract , it is a huge button on the end - just detach the lower end from the window and then press button.Con : - Roller Housing is bulky and it restricts placement when windows have a curve or placing near the edges of some window . Placement can also be hard when trying to cover the edges and smaller window section on rear doors.-When left on the window the plastic at the top will warp in the heat of a parked car with the windows closed , twisting preventing retracting the shade for storage . When it warps the plastic housing acutaully contorts and the suction cups are no longer in a stright line.-Suction cups discolor -LRB- turn yellow -RRB- when left on the window . - `` Hot '' indicator will `` burn out '' when left on the window in a parked car and stay white even when placed in the freezer . -LRB- just checked to be sure -RRB- Improvements Needed : < The exposed side to the sun needs to be white to reflect more heat < Housing needs to be streamlined < Improve the heat resistance of the plastic used in its construction
 I was looking for a sunshade as I drive my son home during the afternoons and got this product and the suction worked only for 2 days ... and then i ended up thrwoing it away ...
 I bought these shades hoping to protect my little one 's eyes . I should have been worried about her head - these dumb things kept falling off the windows and whacking her ! I threw them away , what a horrible waste of money !!! The suction cups did n't work from day one , even with a nice clean window . Can I give less than 1 star ?? DO N'T BUY !
 Product instructions should read as follows : Step One
 The suction cups suck , suck , SUCK ! And not in the good way . The spring recoil is okay -LRB- though after a year of off-and-on use one of them is slow to recoil completely -RRB- , but what good is a shade with good recoil on the floor of your back seat ?!?! It 's not because they 're old , either . They never stayed up well , not even the day we got them . As for the white hot thing , it 's not a bad idea , but if you 're going to get into the car , you 're going to get into the car , thermochemicals be damned . Then you just roll the windows down all the way with no obstructions because the friggin ' shades already fell off the window ! One more SUCK , just for good measure .
 I bought this ages ago from walmart when my son was a newborn . They stuck to the window for maybe a day and then the suction cups warped and do n't work . I 've cut the material out of the plastic housing in an attempt to recoup some of my lost money . . but who knows . I think next time I 'll just buy some of that stick on shading in the auto department instead .
 This would be great if the suction cups would work properly . On each shade one suction cup does not hold suction to the window .
 I would actually give this product no stars . I purchased two of these Munchkin products at a local Meijers store . Right when I put them on our van 's windows they fell off . I called Munchkin 's customer service and asked for a refund since the suction cups do not suction onto our windows , they told me they do not do refunds . I wrote them and told them this is unacceptable . The customer service lady wrote me back and said they could do an exchange for a comparably priced sunshade . Today I recieved my new sunshades from the company , which happen to be the same shades that I purchased previously and that I had said the suction cups DO N'T WORK ! I put them on my car anyways , and within a few minutes they both are on the floor of my van because the suctions do n't work . DO NOT BUY THESE !!
 I had a terrible experience with these shades . They fell off on every car ride we would take and I would have to constantly re-stick them . And as another user said , they are dangerous !!! One wide turn and they fly off and can hit your baby . They are not light either , which is why I 'm sure they do n't stick to the window ! I am currently looking for a cling shade instead to replace this junk .
 These shades worked very well for a while , but after a few months they lost their suction . I may try and replace the top two suction cups since the screens are very effective ...
 These have given us nothing but trouble . And even when they do manage to stick to the windows they are too bulky to place in the right spot to block the sun from my baby 's face . Wish I would have read these reviews before buying two of them . I do NOT recommend these at all !
 I had high hopes for this product , but should have read the reviews first - everyone is totally right - the suction cups do n't stick to the window - they fall off in just a few minutes - it really is a terrible product . I do n't understand why or how this product made it to market - did n't they bother testing it first ? Total waste of money .
 Within 1 week of purchasing this item , the suction cups stopped adhering to the windows . From the beginning one of the shades always stuck better than the other , but within a very short time they both kept falling off the window . In addition , the `` hot '' sensor pretty much reads hot if the temp is anywhere above 70 degrees so I do n't know what the purpose is when it reads hot pretty much all the time . Do n't buy this item , it 's a wast of money !
 The suction cups DO NOT work ! I followed the instructions as printed on the package and the product still fell off . We received two sets at our baby shower and are unable to return them . You are better off taking the money you would spend and buy lottery tickets . You have a better chance at winning than getting the shades to stick .
 I tried to install these shades in our car , but the suction cups were deformed and they would not stick well . I finally got them to stick only to have them fall off several times . I finally got rid of them after one fell off and nearly hit my child . I would strongly recommend finding different shades . In my opinion , these are terrible .
 Look for something else , this things are too small for my SUV so I installed them in my car , they 'll come off very easily even without anyone touching them , they even can fall on your baby , stay away from this .
 My husband and I bought this for our son and it did n't even last a day !!!! The suction cups keeps falling off no matter what we do and the shade does n't help at all . We are totally disappointed . What a waste . We just got a set of shades from Costco , 2 for the side windows and one big one on the front . It was WAAAY better than these ones .
 these shades would n't stick to our carwe tried all the windows and wiped them and tried fixing them when cool or warmresult
 I wish I read more reviews before buying these . The suction cups failed almost immediately . Unless you do n't mind the prospect of duct-taping these to your windows , get something else !
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !! As other reviews stated the suction cups do not stick to your window . I used it literally one day . The suction cups stuck for a 30 minute car ride then the following morning it was laying on the floor of my car . I tried to put it up again but the cups were flat and useless . Definitely a safety hazard as well if your child sits next to the window .
 These sunshades are extremely bad . They do not stick what ever you do . They are heavy and fall on children every time . I do not understand how are these kind of products are allowed to be in market especially when they are made for kids.Munchkin Two White Hot Safety Sunblock Shade-Black
 I hate to sound like a broken record but these do not stick . Also they do n't really block the sun either , I do n't think any product like these would . I have tinted window and the sun always seems to find my baby 's face .
 Bought this at Walmart when my baby was born about two years ago . I am so glad for Amazon where people can share experiences b/c I was wondering if I was the only one whose purchase failed in any way to perform . It falls off constantly , does n't cover much light anyway and YES , it is a hazard falling off like it does so near my child . Finally decided to throw it out and find another one here on Amazon .
 first of all , they fall off the windows constantly . secondly , the `` hot alert '' button turned red in the middle of sub zero temperatures in the winter when the sun was shining on it . thirdly , the sun shines through around it and my kid screamed anyway.they are now in the dump and i 'm out 25 bucks .
 Received these as a baby shower gift 3 months before our daughter was born . Put them in a box with other car items for the baby awaiting her birth . After shw was born we opened them up and 1 of the suction cups for each was misshapen and unusable straight out of the package . Tried using the 2 `` good '' suction cups to hang one and nothing . They wo n't stick no matter what you do -LRB- i.e. clean window , clean cup , use alcohol on window , etc. -RRB- . Thought it was because it was winter and the cups where made out of plastic so got hard in the cold weather . Tried again now that the temp has gotten better but still no luck . Would n't recommend these to anyone .
 Seriously , these things were a waste of money . They do n't stay on the window , and when they do , the sun stills shines on my baby 's face ... until they sling off the window and whack him in the head . Yikes ... . please save your money and look for something else . These are crap .
 These wo n't stay up for nothing !! The suction cups are worthless and are n't even suction cups honestly !!!! But ... I do like the design and size and whatnot of these so I might keep these and just go buy some kickass suction cups and replace the P.O.S. ones on these shades.But other than that , these are worthless !!!!
 These do not stick to any form of glass ! No matter what vehicle window it goes in and what position -LRB- upside down , sideways , right way -RRB- , forget about it sticking . If you have an infant/child carseat on the door sides and not in the middle , this product most likely will fall and injure your child . Complete waste of money !
 The simplest way to state it is that these window shades do n't work . The suction cups are worthless . Seems like lots of people knew this and I am sad that I did n't read reviews before I bought these shades myself .
 This is terribly made . It does not stay stuck to the window ... very dangerous as it could -LRB- and WILL -RRB- fall on your child . I contacted Munchkin and all they did was send me a new set ... as if i wanted a new set ?? Well . . the only good thing is that i was able to return the new set to the store and get a refund . Please do n't waste your money or put your child in danger . Choose something else !
 I was so disappointed that these do not stick on the window . If you somehow get it on , they fall off so easily ! They do n't work ! The reason for my 1 star rating is that although I wanted to give it zero stars , I had to give it at least one or could not post my review .
 Thought this would be great with the hot indicators but the whole thing was a joke . It would n't stay up no matter what we tried and the hot indicators did n't work properly . What a waste of money .
 Bought two of these and after about ten minutes the suction cups give up , pulling on the ends is also terrible and they will not stay in place
 This sun shade is truly awful . I 've tried to use it in several temperature conditions and it has fallen off the window every single time . Sometimes it falls off as soon as you shut the door . Sometimes it falls off after you 've started driving . Either way , it 's unsafe and has seriously startled our baby . It may have hit her on the way down this last time . Into the trash it 's going , but first I 'm writing reviews in as many places as I can to discourage other people from buying it . Munchkin needs to fix this .
 Short of duct tape and super glue , I tried everything to get these to stick to the windows and they will . not . stick . Complete waste of money and time . Not to mention dangerous should these hit a newborn in the face or head . Avoid this product at all cost .
 The suction cups stopped sticking after a month . The plastic the cups are made from became hard and inflexible probably from the exposure to sunlight which is what the window shades entire purpose is . Total waste of money . We ended up getting the Britax cling shades and they work really well .
 The suction cups on the mirror and pull shade do n't work well ... Hard to make them stay in place even after I make the inside of the up wet . Would not recommend this .
 I initially loved these sun shades . They stuck to the windows of my SUV well , and I loved that they were retractable for times when my boys wanted to look out the windows . After a couple of weeks , we were taking a long trip in our truck , so I transferred them to our truck . They worked ok . They did come off a few times . When we got home , I decided to put them back in my SUV . They would not stick at all . The suction cups were no longer working at all . I tried everything to get them to work . I am SO disappointed in this purchase , and would not recommend these to anyone .
 I gave this product as a baby shower gift . To my surprise the mother calls me back yesterday after the shower to let me know that the item is deffective . I will be picking up the item from the mother to be tomorrow to return to company . I have never been som embarressed in my life . The motor squeaks and sounds like a lawn mower . There is no way any baby could enjoy this swing .
 It looks really cool and is easy to push . It comes with some accesories like a mosquito net and raincover.However the cons outweight the pros , the biggest one being that it is poorly built of very cheap plastic.It is not a sturdy stroller , do n't get fooled by the price , expensive does n't mean high quality.The learning curve is steep , it takes ages to figure out what each of the white buttons are for and the instruction booklet is not helpful at all.You must buy Stokke only accesories , like the diaper bag which is another $ 100 because no other diaper bag can be used with the Xplory -LRB- no place to store or hang it -RRB- . We also bought the $ 100 travel bag , and it turned out to be just a large plastic bag . No padding , no protection for the stroller , no special compartments to place the different items -LRB- chassis , seat , foot rest , etc. . -RRB- , and , not meant for air travel . Except the air travel part was n't mentioned anywhere , and we found out the hard way when our stroller broke -LRB- the mechanism that opens the wheels -RRB- WHILE inside the travel bag -LRB- even though I took the time to put padding all around it -RRB- , and the warranty did n't cover the repair , meaning we now have to spend $ 380 on a new chassis to be able to use it again . When you add that up to the over $ 1000 already spent , it is simply not worth it.Buy a different stroller ! One that is sturdier , which is what you would expect after spending $ 1000 , not one you are afraid of bringing up and down stairs , in and out of the car , etc. . . because it `` might '' break.On a final note , their customer service is terrible , not helpful at all .
 The stroller is a great concept , looks uber cool , and has some very nice features , but it is under-built , flimsy , and breaks easily.One of the selling points is that it folds nicely for air travel -LRB- with $ 120 accessory travel bag -RRB- . Unfortunately , the seat angle latch broke on our first trip and the latch to fold the wheels broke on our second trip ! Stokke told that this happens ` often ' , and charges $ 250 for the repair ! The latches are made of flimsy plastic , so are easy to break -LRB- and the travel bag has no padding to protect them -RRB- . The weak latches should be re-engineered and failures covered by warranty!Considering the premium pricepoint , I expected better engineering and support . Stokke ` Customer Service ' is profoundly disappointing .
 This hand pump was really a work-out for my hands . It was very frustrating pumping with my hands and that caused let-down to be difficult .
 I had this pump purchased for me as a gift from my mom when I first had my son in March 2002 . I was reluctant to pump but when I did use the pump , it was ok . I used it very infrequently so as you can imagine , I was surprised when it broke in the beginning of May . The part that attaches at the middle and screws on -LRB- not where the bottle attaches , but the other attachment part from the pump to the extension where the bottle attaches - if that makes any sense !! :-RRB- -RRB- broke when I was trying to pump one day . I also found it annoying that the bottle becomes unscrewed easily and so does the part that broke . Well , then I thought I maybe had done something wrong so I bought another pump - exactly the same one . Not even a month later , my pump is broken again . I really only use it maybe every other day now that my son is 4 months old ... we are using it to mix breastmilk with rice cereal . I have given up on this pump and will be returning it to Amazon and have already purchased a different pump in hopes that I will have more success with a different one .
 Well I somehow ended up getting the Isis manual Breast Pump in the mail for free & the only thing I can say is that I 'm glad I did n't shell out money for this pump ! It 's terrible.I sat for about 15 minutes trying to pump either breast & I think I succeeded in getting a drop to appear on one nipple ! lol I could see the suction was working , but not particularly strong & it did n't do a thing.I read the other reviews & I guess it depends on the person as some people obviously have no problems & others ca n't get the darn thing to work at all . So if at all possible I would advise borrowing one from a friend to try out first to see if you can have any success before purchasing this pump .
 This pump is terrible . It causes severe nipple pain . To the point that the next time I nurse my baby after using it my nipples still hurt , and that never happens otherwise . It also is not very effective . If I am not engorged it takes about 40 minutes of pumping to get 2 ounces . If I am engorged it takes about 20 minutes to get 2 to 3 ounces , but still does not empty my breasts . There have been times I have been engorged and still could n't get anything . One time I pumped for about 45 minutes because I needed milk to take to the babysitter I only got 2 ounces , and it made one of my nipples bleed . Also the only bottles that will attach to it are the Avent bottles , and they do not support breatfeeding . I am switching to the Platex pump and nurser system , which do an exellent job of supporting breastfeeding .
 Day 1 this pump worked just fine , although I noticed it squeaked -LRB- a minor irritation that I could ignore -RRB- . Any time I slightly moved the pump , the edge of the cushion would loosen from the edge of the hard plastic and break the seal . Another minor irritation that I could deal with just by being very careful not to dislodge the pump while in use.Day 2 , however , was another story . The suction cushion leaked even though I very carefully attached it and pushed it as far into the neck as it seemed possible -LRB- I certainly was n't this careful about doing this day 1 -RRB- . Most frustrating , however , was that the diaphragm that creates the suction would somehow independently lose its seal after depressing the handle just a few times - less than five depressions of the handle . Or , after keeping at it anyway , it would rebuild suction just to lose it after a few more depressions of the handle . Thinking the diaphragm had a flaw in it , I used the extra one that comes with the set . It worked with the first use , but then I had the same problem with it , too.Having taken the unit apart and been extra , extra careful that it was assembled correctly with no success , I just do n't think the problem was on my end . There is something about this pump that just does not reliably work , and the last thing we moms need -LRB- especially us 1st timers ! -RRB- is the frustration . So save your money and buy something else .
 I thought this pump would be the best pump for me , a part-time working mom , as I did n't need to get a huge amount of milk . It was good at first , but after about 3 months of using it , it 's completely ineffective . The parts come undone during use sometimes , making a huge mess . I ca n't get my milk to let done now unless my baby is actually nursing while I 'm using it . Was great at first , but not for the long haul , even for a casual pumper .
 I bought this , and tried it out straight out of the box , and it worked perfectly . Then I sterilized all of the parts and tried again , and there was no suction . I took it apart and put it back together , but still nothing . After sterilizing all the parts , the pump simply would NOT work .
 I wanted this breastpump because I am a huge Avent customer . Unfortunatley , breast milk always got between the suction and the funnel -LRB- which enables the breastpump to pump -RRB- . If you 're going to spend money , then spend it on a more accurate pump .
 I bought this pump because it seemed to get great reviews . Big mistake . It takes FOREVER and all that hand pumping is so tiring and frustrating that my milk would n't let down properly . Invest in a Medela . It 's so worth the money . I guess this pump would be ok if you only pump once in a great while , but if you pump regularly do n't waste your time with this one unless you have a tremendous amount of patience and want to spend all your time with either a baby or a pump attached to your breast .
 If you 're a mom on the go , this is not the pump for you . It took me about an hour or so just to get a few measly ounces out of this thing . Sometimes , it made it very painful to pump as well . Yes , it 's portable and not as expensive of the electric pumps but if you want to get your pumping done fast , invest the money and get an electric pump instead .
 I bought this pump before my child was born ... It had so many positive reviews that I thought it 's popularity must be a sign of its functionalitly ... But I was wrong . I ended up buying the Medela Harmony manual pump by the third week . It is FAR superior!And it is cheaper ! Plus it works with many bottle systems . Clearly Avent spends far more on marketing and product placement while the Medela Harmony focuses on being a great product.Isis vs HarmonyIsis is creeky , awkward and leaky ... a third of the milk would pour out onto my lap . Also , as another reviewer noted , you have to contort into an akward forward crunch position to get the milk inside the pump . I soooo wish I had the Harmony when my milk came in . Using the Isis with my engorged breasts was HORRIBLE ! So painful and uncomfortable!The harmony does n't leak at all , is easy to pump , is totally silent and best yet ... works with all bottles.Unfortunately I bought , opened and used many Avent bottles before I realized that I hated the pump . Now they are esentially useless . Start with the Harmony . You 'll be happy you did !
 I bought this pump based on its reviews . Sadly , it takes about an hour to get 2 ounces out this way for me . The one thing I 've learned with reviews of breast pumps is this - Because every woman is built differently , some pumps will work great for some and not so well for others . What I CAN tell you is this - If you are a fairly small breasted woman who must go back to work and pump while you are there , this may not be the pump for you.Other important notes :1 . Fairly easy to use and put together . Reading the manual helps .2 . Extended use will make your nipples sore .
 I bought this to have an alternative to the Pump In Style . I have found that it only works when my breasts are very full . Now that I have been breastfeeding for so long - my breasts are usually not full - and this just does not work . -LRB- ... -RRB- it has cost me probably a dollar for each ounce I 've managed to squeeze out of this thing . The few times I have been overly full - it works pretty well -LRB- but it does pinch a bit -RRB- - but otherwise it is a waste .
 I bought this pump before deciding to make the commitment to an electric one . Well I am VERY disappointed . It has NO suction!I took it apart and re assembled 3-4 times each time and have tried using it over a course of 2 weeks now ... and still no matter what I try NO SUCTION.I went and bought another one and returned the first thinking it was defective , but same thing , it pulls nothing from my breast and I can not even feel any pulling . I have ample milk supply and can easily express by hand.Save your time and money , do not buy this pump .
 After my Medela Harmony suddonly quit working , I was in a rush for a new pump and ended up getting the Avent Isis . At first I thought I had purchased a dud , but after a few minutes the pump grabbed on big time , and I was expressing milk faster than I ever had with the Harmony . I do find that this pump works better for me when I remove the rubber `` petal '' lining . And this pump can be squeeky . The most frustrating thing for me though is that after using it for a little over a month the little white disk would pop out of place , just when I would get a really strong suction going . Then I would have to stop and take the pump apart to get the disk back in position . Also , the wide bottles do n't fit very well in the bottle compartment of my diaper bag , and my daughter is not use to the wide nipples . I use the Avent bottles to store milk , but I use the Medela bottles for feeding , which is kind of hassle compared to being able to pump directly into the feeding bottle .
 I bought this pump before I had my daughter after reading all the fantastic reviews that it got . After reading all kinds of information about breast feeding it sounded simple and natural and something every woman could do . Well soon after my daughter was born I realized this would not be the case for me . It took quite a long time for my milk to come in -LRB- about 5 days -RRB- and even then feedings took forever , sometimes up to 2 hours and then I still needed to give her a bottle . I really did not know what the problem was , if it was me , or a feeding problem with her ? She was gaining weight , but I needed to sleep sometime and do other things besides feed this baby . I soon got out my Advent breast pump figuring that I need to know how much milk she was actually getting and to start feeding with a bottle . I soon found this pump very frustrating . I rarely got good suction and it leaked where the pump meets the neck of the bottle . Also milk got trapped under the cushion thing . I would spend about an hour pumping to maybe get a few ounces . Also like other reviewers I had problems with the valve falling out and having to take the thing apart over and over to fix it . I tried boiling the pump like the instructions said and nothing improved . Once every blue moon I would get 6 ounces out , but this was very seldom . Needless to say my milk dreid up in about 10 weeks . If you know you are planning on having more than one child , please save yourself from tears and frustration and invest in a good electric pump . I am now pregnant with my second and last child and plan on renting a good pump from the hospital and hope to have a much better experience this time around .
 test
 I was very dissapointed with this product , in order to keep the milk from accumulating in the plastic petal I have to lean forward while pumping resulting in back pain . This is appartently due to the fact that I have `` perky '' breasts . It did n't say anywhere on the box that this product was a poor design unless your boobs sagged !
 I purchased this unit and discovered after opening the small seal , NO REFUND or RETURN . This unit was not suggest to be used for our situation and we needed a motorized unit . So I tried to return the unit at Babies R US , they read me the fine print on the stickers and told me to call ISIS . I have offered to accept exchange for other ISIS product without any sucess.After calling ISIS , they told me to talk to Babies R US . I call and emailed Toy R Us customer service many times and they told me to to call ISIS . What a bunch of no support and pass the buck service.In short , ISIS sales are final and if your not 100 % sure you want to try this unit or it will work for your needs , DONT BUY IT!Don ' t be mislead think a smart consumer that you can return it if you not satisfied!I suggest not buying anyting from both companies now unless 100 % necessary .
 I hated , hated , HATED this pump . This thing kept coming apart and I could never get it to work . I even took it apart completely and started over several times , reading the directions step by step . I still could not get it to work .
 When I was in the hospital , all the nurses there recommended getting the Medela breast pump ... I 'm glad I did because of all the complaints I 've heard from others about the Avent pump and complaints I 've read about the Avent pump . I have the Medela electric pump which has it 's own carry case and cooler bag and storage cups , etc. . I `` m glad I choose the Medela pump !
 I have double electric Isis so I ordered this one for tar Ellington convineance . It arrive with the seal broken and the pump looked used and washed . Be careful while ordering with amazon for this , specially if you need it right away . I had to go to local store to grab a sealed one . I ordered my electric one from amazon and it did n't have any problems.The product is great , though .
 I tried couple times to pump the milk , I could not pump any milk out . I would not recommend anybody else would buy it .
 I love the Avent bottles but the pump did not work good for me . It was painfull , i could n't let down when using it and got hardly any milk because of it . I finally stopped using it and get an electric pump with my second child which is much better
 I heard so many great things about this pump but am disappointed in it . After reading all these great reviews I wonder if I just got a bad one or something . No matter how slowly and conscientiously I put it together it leaks air . You can hear it leaking but it 's also evident by the fact that no milk comes out . Extremely frustrating when I KNOW there 's milk in there , I can see it wanting to come out but the suction just is n't there . I consider this pump money wasted .
 My husband brought me this pump and it took forever to use it the first time . I gave up after a week and brought an electric one . But I went back and it has worked really well . Now I love this pump.However , it is really difficult to find replacement parts . I wash the pump pretty often and some parts have cracked -LRB- it 's all plastic parts anyway -RRB- from use and wash . I had to get the replacement parts from Avent directly , but they charge you an arm and leg for shipping . I finally went out and brought another one . I guess 2 pumps in 8 months is not so bad.Otherwise , it really works and is a great product !
 This really is a great pump ! It works very fast and easily , with no pain . However , the pieces that connect the bottle to the pump handle break easily after just a month or so of use . The plastic is brittle and that area takes a lot of stress . I have now broken two pumps . You ca n't imagine the frustration I felt when I struggled to pump a bottle for my screaming son , and the bottle spilled all over the rug as it snapped off -LRB- twice -RRB- . I would highly recommend this to someone who does n't plan on breastfeeding long , but would like something for emergencies .
 I first got this pump because I was won over by the Avent bottles because I planned on breastfeeding and bottle feeding as well . I also got the Avent bottles because they said it would be easy for the infant to switch from bottle to breast , well after two months of trying to do just that my baby hates the avent bottles . He took the bottle for like 2 weeks , then did n't want it . Not only that but the pump is messy . While trying to pump the milk gets into the plastic message cushion and leaks all over you because it does n't stay on completely tight . Also , it will sometimes leak where the pump and bottle connect . Also , if you want to put the pump down for a second be aware because if you do n't stand it on the little white stand that is also used to cover the suction , your bottle will tip over and ALL your milk will waste ... this happened to me about two times before I got fed up with it . I am a stay at home mom and thought this would be convenient for on the go pumping when I 'm away from my baby , but how can you pump and be descrete with the pump making a squeeky noise . Above all , even though I thought the bottles would be perfect for bottle and breastfeeding it did n't work , and the pump will be traded in for an electric pump . The electric pumps are pricey -LRB- which is why I chose to take the cheap way out -RRB- , but do buy the Medela or the Playtex electric pump .
 I bought the Isis pump based on the positive feedback that others gave on this website . However , my success has been minimal . I typically get 1 oz for 10 minutes of pumping . That seems like quite a waste of time to me . I would definitely not recommend this pump . It is more comfortable than the electric pumps , but definitely not as efficient .
 I am deeply disappointed with this pump . It squeaks , the pieces come apart when I 'm trying to use it , I barely get any suction ... pumping two ounces is an ordeal with this pump . Not to mention that my hand gets tired!I bought it because I figured the price was right . Please , if you 're going to breastfeed , invest in a GOOD pump . You wo n't regret it .
 I bought this pump because of all the reviews thinking it was the best of the best , which I guess it is for some apparently , but not for me at all . I spent hours and hours pumping and would end up with only an ounce , maybe . I got so frustrated that I went out and got the electrical Evenflo Comfort Select , a great pump by the way because it is easy to use , its either battery operated or has an ac adapter , and its actually cheaper then the Avent !!! I wish I could get my money back . Do n't waste your time on the Avent because its not worth it .
 I placed this pump on my gift registry and received it after my daughter was born . I have tried to use it a couple of times and find it has a couple of major setbacks 1 -RRB- if you are a smaller breasted woman -LRB- B cup or smaller -RRB- you will find that it is difficult to get a good seal for suction ; 2 -RRB- A great deal of milk ends up either between the seal and the bottle or flows back under the comfort cushion and ends up being discarded ; and 3 -RRB- After 15 minutes of pumping on each side I had less than 1 oz of milk expressed compared to 2-3 oz I get using the Medela hand pump that came free with my set . Since the Medela pump I purchased was approximately $ 150 new , and this costs 1/3 of that for a manual pump , economically it does not make sense to purchase the Avent Isis , especially when you take into account that the pump can not be used with any product other than the Avent products -LRB- storage etc. -RRB- while the Medela can be used with the Playtex inserts . All in all I would not recommend this item .
 I love Avent products . When i began to `` try '' pumping I had the worst time . I was so mad I bought this pump . I could not get my milk to come out . Of course I had bought all the bottles and other products to use with it so I decided to get the electric pump . The Electric Pump worked for me !!! When you buy the electric pump it can also be used as a hand held one . You can plug it into the wall or use batterys . I love the options . It 's easy to clean and put together . If you have the money I would skip over this and buy the electric !
 I purchased this alongside renting a hospital grade pump . This hand pump is not worth the money . The rubber filter keeps popping out when there is a lot of suction . Maybe the women who liked this pump had smaller nipples than I do . Every time I have used this the rubber pops out . To put it back in you have to completely unscrew the cap and put your fingers in . A bad design and not at all sterile . Do not waste your money . I complained to avent and although they had good customer service and sent me out a new pump , it did exactly the same thing . It is the product itself that is defective
 The day my son was born I needed to help stimulate my breast so I tried to use my pump . Let me say that I was excited to try this product thinking that it was going to be useful . I read the reviews and thought this would be very good to start off with . It does nothing . Sorry to say but I do n't know how people can give this product any rating because I paid $ 45.00 for a product that is non-returnable . See what happens when you try to saw money ... So please if you want to pump buy a good electric one . It will run about $ 100.00 but at least you know it will be worth it . I bought a Medela and it works very nice . I give that one a five star for price and use .
 I purchased this and have tried to use it a few times . I got it to work once but only got an ounce of milk out . I figured I would try one more time because I have a birthday party to go to but it wo n't even pump at all . I ca n't get any suction at all no matter how many times I move it on my breast . I am a small breasted woman so I guess it only works on large breasted women . Now I have to go spend more money on a new pump .
 This item is another Avent disaster ... their bottles leak and so does this pump . I was losing milk out of the petals -- I called customer service and they said they did receive a few calls about this issue . That was nice of them to admit but they still could n't offer any solution . Another fantastic waste of money !
 I tried using this pump for about 2 days till I got too frustrated to try anymore . When I did get the proper suction the pump worked easily and my milk came down easily . It was easy and quick . However 90 % of the time getting the proper suction going was the hardest thing . Thee were times when I got so frustrated from having to stop , disassemble and reassemble that I 'd just give up . Maybe I did something wrong but when I called the company for help they were n't much help at all . Finally went out and bought the especially for baby electronic pump which is also about the same price and Im now a happy pumper .
 I got this pump when I was still pregnant , I did n't think that I would be doing a lot of pumping since I am a stay at home mom . So , it seemed like a perfect fit . I tried using the pump over and over again , and nothing . The suction just did n't work . And then after I would use it I would wash and dry it . Then the last time I tried using it , it was competely broken , no suction what-so-ever . I was really mad , because I spent a lot of money for something that I never really used , and could n't take back . It was a waste of time and money .
 I was very thorough in my research before purchasing this item , and was convinced it was the perfect one . However , I had trouble getting the suction cup to seal around the breast and if you do not have the pump at a downward angle , any milk you are able to finally express will leak out . I was very discouraged and had a terrible experience trying to pump over a period of 3 days and finally gave up as I was exhausted and miserable . I honestly feel like this pump is useless and a big waste of money !
 I bought this pump in a crisis -LRB- had left the plug for my Medela Pump 'N Style , a GREAT pump , at home in error -RRB- and ran out to buy this . Firstly , I think it is very , very expensive . Secondly , the suction is terrible and the petal massage crap is all bunk . Your baby does n't massage your breast - why does your pump have to ? After spending 45 minutes trying to get this to work , and then another 20 minutes on the phone with Avent , they tried to tell me that it was n't working because it had n't been sterilized withy vinegar so was n't fitting properly . They would not refund my money - what a waste of time and money . I am very disappointed in Avent and the lack of support for their products , and will no longer buy their brand .
 Manual pumps do n't seem to work as great as electric . It was a great price and maybe works better for others .
 Not sure if I 'm doing something wrong but the bottle kept unscrewing and leaking all over my lap.I currently have a Medela Swing -LRB- and am renting the Medela symphony for 1 more week -RRB- but decided that I need to pump double when I go back to work so I bought this one.The pro
 I bought this pump on vacation when I accidentally left a part to my medela harmony manual pump at home . This pump is awful . As previous posters have said , it 's leaky and creaky . It has far too many parts to disassemble and clean . Medela 's pump is easier to clean , has fewer parts , and in my opinion , works better . A FAR superior product . It 's an overall better design . I 'll keep the avent as an emergency backup , but really , I wish I could just toss it .
 I purchased this -LRB- under my husband 's Amazon account -RRB- to use while we were on vacation , rather than lugging my giant hospital pump through Disney World . It 's had great reviews and obviously worked for many people . However , it did n't work for me at all . I 've spent two weeks fiddling with it and I ca n't get it to pull even a single drop out . My electric pump can pull out 8-10 ozs at a time so I know it 's not a supply issue . I called Avent 's support , and they had me reassemble it and try again . It still wo n't work . They 're sending me new parts to try out but I doubt that 's the issue . It just feels like there is very little suction in this little pump.The funny thing is that the advertising for this pump says it can pull out the same amount as a hospital grade pump , but the phone support mentioned to me that it 's a manual pump so it wo n't get as much as an electrical . Talk about misleading advertising!And of course , you ca n't return these items . I may just see if I can spend the next two weeks before vacation getting adept at hand expressing , because I really do n't want to spend over $ 70 on manual pumps if they do n't work .
 I had put this on my registry and I regret it . A friend purchased this product and I thought it was going to work . When I got home from the hospital I had to pump , my breats were hurting pretty bad . When I went to use the breast pump did n't do anything , there was no suction . What a waste of money !!! My husband had to run up to the store late at night to purchase a breast pump that worked , which is not advent . I would think twice about purchasing this product .
 I got this pump because I was n't returning to work . I thought I would n't mind the manual pump because I would n't need to pump often since I would n't be away from my baby very often . I found that I STRONGLY dislike this pump . I can sometimes get more out by squeezing my breast than I do using this pump . It is poor quality and breaks often -LRB- I 've replaced parts about three times -RRB- and it simply does n't pump much out . The rubber seal on the mouth of the pump has to be removed because it is often the reason you ca n't get a seal . I would NOT recommend this pump . It 's a huge waste of money ...
 My husband and I bought this pump for our first child after I read magazine articles and on-line reviews that sang it 's praises . I was hoping that it would allow my husband enjoy feeding our baby as well as make my transition back to work easier while being economical.This was not the case . I would have to pump for at least an hour to actually accumulate five - six ounces . Milk would gather under the pads which was very frustrating considering that i wanted everything to count at that point . Pumping at work with it was next to impossible because it would leak on my clothes while pumping.We ended up buying the Medela anyway and had a very different experience . It was fast , easy and clean . Even though the Medela pump is MUCH more expensive , it is DEFINITELY worth the money for the frustration you will save .
 I am so bummed that I wasted time and money with this pump . I pump regularly with a Medela Harmony , but when a piece broke late at night and my store was out of that pump , I tried the Avent manual out of desperation . BIG MISTAKE . I had had no idea how good the Medela pump was until I tried the Avent pump . What a piece of junk ! It sucked milk into the diaphragm , would NOT stay suctioned , had MANY pieces to clean and assemble , and left me with clogged ducts after extended pumping periods with negligible milk collection . I called the company to ask if I could get a refund , credit , or another sealed pump to return to the store - NOPE . Nothing !!!! I spent $ 43 on this junky painful pump . Phillips Avent customer service would do nothing but offer to `` troubleshoot . '' I KNOW how to pump , and I KNOW when a pump does n't work . THIS PUMP DOES NOT WORK ! The customer service representatives are `` unable '' to offer any solution because the pump does not have a warranty , nor can they give me access to anyone in the home office . SO DISAPPOINTED . I am a new mom with lots of new mom friends - I 'm definitely not recommending Avent to anyone . Medela Harmony is the way to go if you need a functional pump made by a caring and helpful and accessible company .
 It is very difficult to keep suction with this pump , leading to lots of wasted time and frustration . It can be useful for when you ca n't use an electric for emergency expression . For regular use , I recommend an electric pump . I 'm using a hospital one now and I 've never lost the suction .
 I registered for this pump because I planned to only pump on rare occasions , so I thought it would be silly to spend the money for an electric pump ... Big Mistake . This manual pump takes much longer to assemble , has more parts to clean and reassemble , and pumps significantly less milk than the Medela DoubleEase I replaced it with . Granted , there is a big difference in price , but when you 're only getting 2 hours sleep at a time , the laundry is piling up , you have n't had time to go to the store or prepare dinner , and you have n't even had the energy to bathe yourself -LRB- welcome to motherhood -RRB- , it seems worth the extra money to me to have a pump I can assemble in less than 10 seconds , get 4 oz . of milk in 5 minutes , and still have one arm free to hold baby .
 I bought this pump because I read all of the great reviews but I have to admit that it did n't work as well for me . I originally rented a hospital pump , which worked great but I decided to save the money and invest in my own pump . I could not get as much milk out with this pump . Also , it took much longer having to do one side at a time . I would suggest renting a pump or if you plan to nurse for more than 6 months it would be worth your money to buy the more expensive electric ones . Unfortunalty , I had too much trouble breastfeeding to continue . My baby is doing excellent on formula but for those of you nursing ... keep up the good work !
 I love how comfortable and effective this pump is , but the quality of the plastic is really bad . I 'd read the reviews here and knew that they sometimes break , so I was especially ginger with mine . But despite my care , to my horror I saw cracks developing in the threaded part of the horn after only the 3rd use . It 's really broken now and I have to sort of hold it together while pumping - not easy ! I 've only used it about a dozen times . I emailed the company and was promised a replacement part a month ago , but it has n't arrived-I 'm awaiting a response to my second email . A big disappointment , especially since it works so well - but I do n't want to shell out the bucks for another pump that will break .
 I had an Isis pump with my first child and could not get it to work well . With my second child , I though I 'd try the newly designed Isis and had the same problems . I could not get it to fit properly and could never get the right suction . Since you can not return breast pumps , I was wary of trying another manual pump . I only need to pump occasionally and do not need an electric . I just got the Medela Harmony pump and from just one pumping session , I got more milk than I ever got with the Isis . I was very upset that I did n't get the results that so many reviewers raved about with the Isis . As a first time mom , I thought the problem was with me . Since my children were gaining sufficient weight , the problem was with the pumping process , not with my supply . If the Avent does n't work for you , either try another pump or consult a lactation specialist . It may save you a few anxious moments !
 At first I was really pleased with this manual pump -- it worked quickly and I was glad that I had n't spent the money for the electric pump . But then the star valve started popping out midway thru pumping , causing me to have to take the pump apart and reassemble it in order to keep going -LRB- all the while hoping that washing my hands is enough precaution given that I am now touching all the parts that the milk flows through -RRB- . If this happened once per pumping session it would be bad enough , but it would happen four or more times in the process of me trying to get 4 oz . The frustation that this created was not exactly conducive to let-down ! I considered buying an electric pump but am currently a SAHM so do n't really need it -- instead , I bought another brand of manual pump and am * so * much happier with it , it is such a relief to be able to pump without worrying that at any moment I am going to hear a pop ! and have to take the pump apart ... I trusted the reviews on Amazon when I bought this pump , but I wish I had n't -LRB- except for the minority that point out this problem with the valve -RRB- . -LRB- Oh , and I tried replacing the valve with a new one , this did nothing for me -RRB- .
 I bought this pump because it was recommended by a lactation consultant . I thought it would be the only pump I would need , but it did n't work ! I found this out at the worst possible time - the third day after giving birth when my milk came in . I was completely engorged and my daughter was not able to latch on . I tried this pump and it would not maintain suction ! I did n't have another pump handy and had to express milk by hand -LRB- very painful at the time -RRB- just so my daughter could latch on . I have retried it several times using all the tips in the instruction manual and it never expressed any milk for me ! I was very disappointed with this pump and not able to return it . A waste of money at a time when there was not much to spare .
 Although I 'm a big fan of the Avent products , I did n't really care for this one much . First off , while pumping -LRB- since you 're the one controling it -RRB- you can actually feel the pressure . I 'd much rather prefer an electric pump where you 're not the one controling your own pain -RRB- . Second of all , the milk kept interfering with the suction . It would go under the rubber that keeps the pressure on your breast therefore losing the suction . So much of a hassle . GET THE ELECTRIC PUMPS .
 This pump worked well when I was engorged right after having my son ; however , when I tried to pump a couple of weeks later and needed more suction to extract milk , the pump did n't work at all . I ended up having to hand extract milk ! Do n't bother wasting your money on this product . Spend the extra few dollars and purchase an electric pump !
 Borrow , rent or buy an electric pump ! I found the Isis pump very time consuming and ineffective . It has a rubber seal that fits into the bell of the pump and is supposed to create a secure fit to your breast . Milk would get inbetween the rubber part and the pump creating poor suction . It used to take me 30 minutes or more just to pump a few oz . w / this pump . Then I purchased a electric pump and I can extract the same amount in under 10 minutes .
 ... Broke after I used it twice , just lost its suction power . ...
 I had to get an electric pump after attempting to use a manual one . I got the Isis Avent because I trust the brand so much . It was awkward to use and just too much work for so little breastmilk . Electric pumps are expensive but you can get them used on e-bay , garage sales , consignment , or Craigslist for cheap .
 This pump works wonderfully , but it is very fragile & will break after use . It is not reinforced where you screw the pump onto the bottle & I had 2 break on me before I taught myself how to self-pump . I could n't continue to go drop $ 40 bucks on these . So , just beware .
 I originally wanted this pump over an electric because I loved all the reviews I read and it was economical for me to purchase . As soon as I got this pump I realized that it would n't express any milk for me . After reading the instructions I read that not everyone can have the petal on the pump . I had to remove the soft part of the pump and the cup without it hurts . The pump itself is very squeaky and embarassing to use in public . I still have the pump because I ca n't return it now but have received the Medela Pump in Style Advance as a gift . Since my baby will not nurse this pump is more for me . I encourage anyone to try the Avent pump because if the petals work with you then it 's very comfortable but this pump is definitely NOT for me .
 I purchased my first pump right before my daughter was born . It worked great for the first six weeks . I would pump 4 to 6 ounces in about 5 minutes . I noticed my pump was losing suction . I took my pump apart and realized the neck to the funnel piece was cracked . I then purchased a second pump . I had it for two weeks , and the same problem , an identical crack in the same place as my first pump . My second pump still works , however it 's not as effective as it was when I first purachased it . I have tried to call Avent , after being on hold for several minutes I hung up in frustration . I just purchased a medela pump in style today . I have heard great things about it .
 This pump worked really well the first two times I used it . I washed it , and then could n't express any milk . It was very frustrating . Also -- others have mentioned that their pumps came with extra parts . My pump did n't come with anything -- even directions on how to put it together . The lactation consultant had to help me put it together . I 'm disappointed with this pump .
 Do not buy this . We bought it , tried to use it , and threw it away . Avent Products contain BPA which is toxic for your baby . Dont poison your child with these toxins . Avent has to re-engineer their products .
 This pump advertises that it 's design stimulates let-down , and that is not the case . This pump will pull and tug at your nipple just as much as the next one , and because it 's clear , you can see how much of your PRECIOUS breastmilk has been lost and stuck in the mechanical aspects of the pump . You 'd have more volume and less pain if you hand-express .
 I bought this pump based on the good reviews I read here - however once I got it and used it I realized how hard it was . I would spend 45 minutes pumping just to get a total of 2 ounces at best ! My hand hurt from all the pumping action and my back hurt from bending over to get the milk to flow into the bottle . I have since bought a Medela Pump in Style and I can get 4-5 ounces in 10 minutes with no pain . In retrospect I would have bought an electric pump to begin with - this one was too much work for not much milk .
 After having used the Medela pump in style for a few months , I had to return it to the owner I borrowed it from and start using the Avent Isis manual pump I had bought . I would recommend to anyone if they can afford an electric pump to get one . It is more efficient in time it takes to pump and amount of milk it expresses . It is also less awkward . The one advantage of the manual pump
 I 've heard so many rave reviews that when I lost my Purely Yours , I got this one -LRB- my son was not nursing so often by then -RRB- . I was disappointed . My hand hurt from having to squeeze the pump . I guess I should expect that , given that it 's a handheld manual pump . Well , I did n't think it would be that tiring . Both my hands were tied up when pumping both sides . The suction was too much . It would release , so I had to let air in every so often so my nipples would n't get sucked into the bottle ! Well , it was n't that bad , but it really would n't release . The output was n't what I 'd like , either . Maybe I 'm just used to the electric variety . This pump would be okay for light pumping but not for working moms .
 I loved this pump when I first bought it about 6 months ago . I do use an electric pump almost everyday at work , but needed something at home and did n't want to shell out $ 200 on another electric or tote the electric back and forth . This was perfect and easy to use , at first.Now , when I use it , I get about 10 pumps and the little white part that is necessary for creating pressure pops and I have to completely re-install the pieces , while my breasts are leaking . I used to get the equivalent amount of milk my electric pump produced , now I get less than half . I 've tried alternating the way I pump -LRB- 3 pumps , release off the breast , repeat AND 2 pumps , release , repeat AND 1/2 pump for 3 pumps , release , repeat AND others -RRB- , but the white piece still pops.I have n't contacted Avent yet , but will the next time I get 10 minutes to spare .
 I paid $ 50 for a manual breast pump from Avent Isis and it is quoted as soft and gentle . It is so gentle that it does not expell the milk . When I called the company , they will not refund the money as this is a personal item . They will gladly send these little white discs which is their answer to the problem . The woman on the phone said to cut a hole in a piece of plastic wrap and place over the nipple , that should solve the suction problem . A waste of money and time .
 The first few weeks of breastfeeding were pretty rough for me . I was convinced that I was starving my baby and unable to get much milk when using this pump . Fortunately I visited a lactation consultant and rented an electric pump for a week . It was amazing how quickly my milk production stabilized after using the electric for awhile . I immediately bought a Medela Pump in Style . The manual pump is good for occasional use now that I 've been nursing for the past four months but if you are having problems in the beginning with breastfeeding either rent a hospital pump or get a Medela before thinking about giving up nursing . Do n't base your decision on this manual pump .
 I have found this pump to be very frustrating . It will loose the suction if you move the least bit and let down , for me , was practically impossible . Stick with the Medela rental or purchase your own !
 I thought this would be great when I traveled instead of bringing my electric pump . Boy , was I wrong . Even if you do n't intend on pumping that often , I think this was a waste of energy and time . Although electric pumps are expensive , they are more convenient and less stressful on the mother . If you value your time , pass up on the manual pump and get an electrical one . You wo n't regret it .
 My baby was not latching and I had to use a pump . So , after renting the one from the hospital initially , I decided to get one for myself . Lactation consultants suggested this pump . I got it and even after pumping the whole day , I could get only 10cc ! It pains a lot too . The only good thing is that you get 2 Avent bottles . Never go for this .
 I did n't want to spend a lot of money since I had heard stories about women who have had trouble nursing . I was better off expressing by hand because this pump hurt me so badly .
 I chose this breast pump because I was n't sure if I 'd be able to breast feed and did n't see the need in buying an expensive breast pump . Do n't even waste your time or money . Not only is the system noisy it is incredibly slow . It took an hour to extract 2 ounces . What a joke !! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I bought the Avent Isis before the birth of my first child on recommendation from my sister and several other moms . I also planned to rent a hospital-grade pump -LRB- due to anticipating a need to pump frequently -RRB- but there was n't one available for me when I was discharged , so the Isis was all I had for my first four days home . Well , my daughter was not a strong nurser , my milk came in with force , and this Isis pump was utterly useless !! There was absolutely no suction , no matter what I did . I could n't express a drop with this pump , even after hand-expressing to relieve some of the engorgement ! We took it apart and reassembled it multiple times following the directions -LRB- we meaning my husband , mom , a friend , and myself -RRB- to see if we 'd bungled something , but nothing worked . Even my lactation consultant agreed that the pump was n't working . I finally got the hospital pump a few days later and was much relieved to get some real suction going to relieve the pain until my daughter got the hang of things ! The only good thing about the product was the bottles it came with , which we love . Wish I could get a refund for this useless hand pump ...
 I bought this pump about a month ago - and I really did like it . Until it just broke on me!I was just in the middle of pumping - which by the way - I had been pumping for nearly an hour and had almost 4 oz ... when the neck of the pump SNAPPED RIGHT IN HALF !!! And i dont been lengthwise . I mean snapped in half as in snapped right off !!! Now I have to dump all of that milk because there is plastice bits in it ! : -LRB- I rely in pumping to feed my child cuz of many problems - and now Im at a loss ... Money is WAY TOO TIGHT to buy another one which is what I have to do now - but you better believe I 'm not buying this one again ! : -LRB-
 I purchased this pump after reading all of the positive reviews . I also figured I would barely ever use it and just had it for a back up . I had such a hard time a first breast feeding , that I figured I would just pump and give my daughter a bottle . This was a better option for me than giving her formula . I almost gave up all together because of this pump . the massaging mechanism causes the pump to loose suction , so I removed that and now the white valve pops out in the middle of pumping . It has just been the biggest headache for me . I fianlly gave up and went out a bought a $ 300 electric pump and love it . I wish I would of just saved the $ 50 and bought the electric one from the begining . PLEASE DO ALOT OF RESEARCH BEFORE BUYING A BREAST PUMP . IT WILL MAKE BREAST FEEDING MORE ENJOYABLE THAN A HEADACHE .
 This pump is NOT efficient in multiple daily pumpings . There are many things wrong with this pump and I hardly know where to begin . First of all , the instructions are not user friendly . Like other Avent products , the manual relies on pictures that can be difficult to interpret . Once assembled , I found that the pump leaked as a result of the suction petals not attached completely and totally . During the process of pumping , the valve that creates the suction would become loose and I would have to unscrew the bottle and press it back into place . The pump squeaked sometimes and I could n't quite figure out why . The instructions recommended changing the position of the petals on the breast to get the most milk , however , during this process it would leak even more because the milk would collect between the plastic and the suction petals when the milk was supposed to be going into the bottle . I also purchased the sterilizer which works great . However , the instructions insist on sterilizing the pump after each use . Frankly , there are just too many parts that have to be assembled and taken apart . I did n't think there was a need to have sooo many parts . Overall , this pump was very messy . For a manual pump , it was more complicated than it really had to be . And for all the reasons listed above , I find this pump to be overpriced and not worth buying .
 I tried to use this pump when my daughter was ~ 4 weeks old and it HURT so much that I wanted to cry . Also , it took me 30 minutes to pump ALMOST 2 ounces . At that point , I thought that pumping was just not for me . A few weeks later we bought the Medela Pump in Style and it worked GREAT -LRB- I got 6 ounces in 5 minutes -RRB- and did not hurt at all ! Yes - it is much more expensive , but totally worth it . After using the Medela for a few weeks , I tried this pump again and it still hurt and barely pumped anything . I agree that the suction is just not right . While I do love all of the other products I have from Avent - I really feel that this pump was a waste of money .
 When you can get this very tempermental pump to work , it works great . But I have had the same problem that others have reported ; the little membrane/valve thing keeps popping off , thus causing the pump to lose all suction . I have to stop pumping and fish the thing out every 2-3 minutes . I can get just as much milk with this pump as I can with my Medela Pump in Style Advanced , but I do n't like having to stop and unscrew it every few minutes . And according to the reviews , I am not the only one with this problem .
 I 've had Medela Harmony pump which I thought started loosing suction after 3,5 months of a daily use.My friend highly recommended Avent Isis and I followed her advice.It 's not that hard to assemble , though Medela is much easier and have fewer parts . It has a good suction . The only big problem is the terrible noise that comes from rubbing of two pieces of hard plastic against each other.It 's true that you have to have substantial ammount of milk to have a good suction with Avent . With Medela it does n't take too much effort to get the suction but it takes longer to pump then Avent .
 I bought this pump thinking it looked easy to use and convenient . It was annoying to hold and pump , it hurt , I got cramps in my hands before I could get a drop of milk out and when I finally did - it leaked incessantly . I think there was some sort of problem with the seal in the neck of the bottle . I had more milk on my lap then in the bottle . Finally , I returned it . I bought a Medela instead and love it .
 This thing does n't work . I 've breastfed for 8 months , and used the fabulous Medela at work , but I leave it there because it 's too heavy to lug back and forth . I bought the Isis just for the occasional need to pump on weekends . It takes ages to get a drop out , and your hand gets cramped pumping and pumping . A waste of money .
 I have found this pump very frustrating ! When I try to use it , I end up having to take it apart about 20 times trying to pump 4 ounces . The small round plastic piece pops out so many times that it makes it an epic task to get 4 oz of breast milk pumped . I 'll have to try an electric , or another brand of manual . This is driving me insane .
 After reading so many fabulous reviews , I was suprised I could n't pump one drop with my isis pump . I bought this when I was pregnant and now I am in the position of actually having to rent a hospital grade pump . Do not buy a pump until your breastfeeding pattern and routine is established and you can ask which pumps are right for you .
 I bought this pump for occasional use after my daughter was born so my husband could help out with the feedings at night . I tried to use it but all I got was enough suction to make my nipple move , but not enough to get anything out . Now I will say that when I used the Medela manual pump the hospital sent home with me I have to turn the suction all the way up for my milk to flow . This pump is probably great for most people , but if you have a veracious eater this pump probably is n't for you .
 I registered for this pump because I planned to be at home with my daughter for approximately one year , so I did n't think I needed a mechanized pump . The pump works fine if you are ready to go -LRB- engorged and have that let-down sensation -RRB- , but if you 're not , you 're going to have to work to get the milk to flow with this pump . The pump is fairly slow and , while powerful for a manual pump , is n't powerful enough for frequent pumping . Plus , you can only pump one breast at a time , which is really , really slow and can make somewhat of a mess with your other breast leaking . Eventually I rented a mechanical pump that I LOVED -LRB- the Medela Pump in Style -RRB- and could n't believe I spent all that time with the Avent Isis.This pump is also kind of a pain to clean because there are so many parts -LRB- the hard plastic breast shell , the gel part to the shell , and the two valve parts -RRB- that have to be taken apart , cleaned and sterilized after every use . The Medela Pump in Style was much easier to clean -- just the hard plastic shells after every use.Finally , I have to warn about the possible risk posed to your hands and/or wrists from repetitive use of this product . I was only pumping one time a day at most -LRB- to save up for date nights , or for the other rare times I was n't around to nurse my daughter -RRB- , but I developed tendinitis in the tendon connecting my thumb to my wrist . It was very painful and eventually led to me having a steroid injection -LRB- ouch -RRB- . Once I stopped using this pump and started wearing a wrist brace , the problem resolved .
 I got this pump as a gift and have pumped with it for 6months . One of the attachment pieces broke in three months and was easily replaced , but just a couple of days ago the neck broke on the pump . I was devastated . Since I couldnt afford a new pump right away , I have had to resort to pumping by hand . This method was very inefficient and I could not make enough milk to sustain my baby while Im at work . I actually had to take off of work until I could get a new pump . Now I worry that my breast may not make enough milk for pumping since I havent pumped in a couple of days . Another problem I have with this pump is it takes forever to pump out a sufficient bottle . I think I am going to try an electric pump because in the end it will probably be worth the extra money .
 I have been breast feeding/pumping for 51/2 months and was using a double , electric pump . I bought the Isis because of the small size for traveling and because of the good reviews it got.My advice for someone looking to buy it for travel - do n't do it . It takes 45 + minutes to express from both sides because it 's so slow . The silicone insert is extremely ` squeaky ' and extremely annoying . I also felt like I was going to get carpal tunnel in my hands from the pumping action.I also had a very difficult time getting the suction quite right . I wanted to cry when I used it the first couple of times .
 I was able to use this pump without great difficulty at first.PROS : - I found the parts were easy to clean -LRB- I put everything in the dishwasher -RRB- , including the valve -LRB- I put it in a tea ball so it would not get lost . -RRB- - It was relatively comfortable on my breast -LRB- as much as any plastic/rubber item could be -RRB- . - Small form factor and lightweight makes it easy to travel with.-I was able to easily get `` parts '' and accessories for it . Target , BabysRUs , local grocery store.CONS : - It took me a long time to pump . This was a big issue when I returned to work . -LRB- 10 - 15 minutes a breast . -RRB- - I , for the first time ever , now have carpal tunnel syndrome and have to wear a brace . I believe the issue is related to the constant use of the pump at work . I have stopped using it and my symptoms have significantly improved.I am now using an electric pump . It takes me 10 minutes to double pump . I also have less strain on my hand . The comfort is about the same , unfortunately the electric pump is certainly much more expensive and quite the load to carry around .
 I got home from the hospital and repeatedly tried to get my pump to work but no matter what I did , it would not work correctly . The pump action was so low , it would have taken me forever and a day to fill a bottle . Instead , I preferred to purchase the Medela Electric Doubleease pump . That has been the best pump for me and is well worth the money !
 I do n't know who wrote the other nice review , probably someone who works selling this product but believe me , it is not good at all.yes it is small and compact and the pressure is just as good as an electrical one BUT , there is a white small piece that keeps pupping out of its place . While i am pumping , i have to stop , disesemble the whole thing and put that white piece back into its place . During one pumping , i had to stop at least 4 times . one pumping took over 20 minutes . It was frusterating . I called the 1-800 number and they said they will send me another new design of that white piece but it was 2 weeks before i got it and i gave up pumping . Caused me a lot of head ache . Trust me , it is worth it spend $ 150 and get something better .
 Bought this with the plan to occassionaly pump so husband could feed . I 'd heard great things about Advent . Ca n't get anything out with it ! Went and bought an electronic which was worth paying more for . Would not recommend this pump .
 I recently bought this and had problems from the start . I was told it was a great pump but I beg to differ . It would n't pump well first off and I had to constantly readjust it on my breast . It is hard to do anything else because you have to concentrate on pumping . Many people will tell you it 's a good pump but if you plan on getting a decent amount of milk out , it is n't in my opinion . It takes entirely too long as well . One session can easily last an hour , on one breast ! And to top it all off , it broke last night on me ! Go with an electric pump . You 'll have to pay more , but since you ca n't return pumps , you 'll be safe with the best instead of wasting money with manual pumps first , like I did .
 I purchased this pump in good faith , The way its described it sounds fenomenal.When i got it it doesnt work !! i thought that with the price etc it be good & would function.NOPE what i wound up using which works excellently is the Hospital given FREE one!This pump has no pressure whatso ever BAD!also the return policyis non existent so you get stuck with THIS LEMON !
 I tried this breast pump for a month and all i could get out of it was sore nipples and 1/2 oz after an hour of pumping . I tried to return it to babies r us but they would n't give me a refund , i tried calling the company and they gave me all kinds of excuses and finally told me they did n't give money back . DO NOT BUY IT .
 I bought this pump because of all the great reviews but I had nothing but frustration with this pump . I would pump for up to 20 minutes sometimes & only get 1 ounce if that . My milk would not let down with this pump at all . I ended up get a cheaper electric pump & had much better luck .
 I recieved this pump as a shower gift . After ONE use the bottle attachment part cracked . Since I had to pump a bottle , my husband went & bought another one . After having it only a few weeks , and only a couple of uses , that one too cracked . Now I am stuck with 2 pumps that dont work and am out a lot of money . I at least like the bottles but -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for 2 bottles and a paperweight is a little pricey .
 I got this pump because of the reviews , and i hated it . I had plenty of milk , so that was not the issue . I could n't get it to latch on to relieve me of engorgement , let alone pump milk to store . I really do n't need to pump , so i was told i should get the manual pump . I find it 's best to get the electric pumps , like `` pump in style '' by medela . Because I do n't pump much at all , i do n't want to waste time . If you need to pump often , do n't even consider a manual ! The medela is so fast and effiecient . i can do both breasts at once to go even faster . 10 minutes is all i need ! it 's worth the money , especially if you will have other kids . Do n't bother with the avent pump !
 It just broke ! And only after 2 weeks. : -LRB-
 I got this pump while my baby was on a nursing strike , and it helped me when I was engorged but even then it was n't a whiz and now that I 'm back to normal , it hardly works at all . The last time I used it -LRB- so I could have a night out -RRB- it took me 3 attempts and over an hour of combined efforts to get 4 oz of milk -LRB- would n't you know , she only drank 1/2 ounce . -RRB- Even when I would finally get a let down , the action/suction was n't enough to keep it going . Also , I could n't get the message cushion to work for me at all . The instructions say to assemble the pump while wet to improve the seal on the cushion and `` diaphram '' , but that still did n't help . It would stay sealed for a couple pumps , then unseal and seal again -- off and on . Very frustrating to deal with -- makes it hard to relax like you need to . Plus , when you realize how many cycles the hospital pumps go through to get however much milk , that 's a lot of squeezing , which is also not relaxing . I was very pleased w / the pump I used while in the hospital and am looking very seriously at buying the Ameda Purely Yours breastpump -LRB- as low as $ 140 in online searches . -RRB-
 Although very impressed in the beginning with this product , I was very unhappy when the pump broke less than three weeks after I started using it . However , I bought another one since it was still cheaper than the Medela and I had been able to pump eight ounces in about 20 minutes . I tried to be very careful the next time around , but the second time was not the charm and the same part broke yet again . I e-mailed the company , as I read from others who had the same problem that they received great help in getting replacement parts sent to them so quickly . It has been four business days and no response , so second e-mail was sent . If you have the money to keep buying pumps when one breaks , this is the one for you - otherwise you might want to save yourself time and headache and go for the electric
 I had someone buy this for me as a baby shower gift . In the first few days of trying to pump ... i was unsuccessful . The pump was annoying ... it squeaked and after about an hour of pumping , my hand was tired and had only about an ounce in the container . I then bought a first years electric pump and had 8 ounces in the container after 15 minutes of pumping . Not the best product and now i ca n't return it because it 's been used . Worthless in my eyes .
 I bought this pump after reading glowing reviews . I had been using a pump-in-style -LRB- my son was premature so I needed the big guns -RRB- once he was older I thought I could go to a manual pump it seemed like it would be easier to use for a quick pump before I left him home with dad for a few hours . I really gave it a long trial - two months but really did not find that I could get more than a few ounces out at a time . It was uncomfortable on my breats even pinched and rubbed a blister once . Finally I just gave up on pumping all together . If you are lucky enough to have an electric double pump do n't think the grass is greener elsewhere . It was n't for me .
 I purchased this pump because of the great result I had with the bottles . The pump was very disappointing . The suction is not strong enough and you can barely get anything out . I bought The first years pump and it is excellent ! I would skip this product all together , it 's a big waste of money !! The best years pump cost a few more dollars but it is well worth it . Avents other products are great but this pump is no good , it 's a new low for the company that 's very heart breaking to me I consider myself to be a loyal avent customer . I could n't even find any phone numbers or anyway to contact them on their website regarding this product . I am truly displeased I ever spent a penny on this pump .
 I bought this pump before my baby was born . I tried pumping after about a month of breastfeeding , and could n't get more than a little bit with this pump . I put it away , and when my son was 3 months old and I had to begin introducing a bottle before my return to work , I tried it again , to no avail . I ended up buying the Medela Pump in Style , which works like a charm . Now that my son is sleeping most of the night , I decided the Avent pump would come in handy in the early morning hours when he only eats one side before finishing out the night 's sleep . Not only is it complicated to assemble and wash because of all its parts , but it still does n't work for me . Now I know it 's not my supply , because I pump daily with the Medela with no problems at all . This pump is just too much trouble , for very little result . I 'd discourage new pumpers from starting out with it for fear they 'd be too frustrated to continue pumping at all , as I almost was . It is well worth the extra expense to get the Medela , which is easy , simple to wash and assemble , and works great .
 I tried to use this pump for a few weeks and had an extremely hard time expressing milk with it . I had plenty of milk but this just did n't pump it out for me . I had to lean over so far to get the proper suction fit that my back was constantly hurting . ... the Isis was a huge waste of money .
 I bought the Isis pump because it was recommended to me by the breast feeding specialist at the hospital . My daughter is now 4 months old and my 3rd Isis pump has just cracked and broken . That is 3 pumps in 4 months . The first time it happened , the cracking at the base where the pump and bottle meet , I thought it was our fault . I thought I had maybe dropped it without really realizing it , in all the baby chaos . No , it was not my fault . I treat the pumps very gently , do not even put them in the dishwasher . They all crack and break in the same places . It is a nightmare , because we can not afford the more expensive pumps , and before the pumps break , they do work very well .
 I tried this pump when we had a power failure . I have a premie and getting breastmilk is crutial for her growth . This pump was of no help at all . It took 20 minutes per side to get a fraction of the milk . I was still full and used my medela pump to alliviate the engorgement that resulted . I decided to invest in the car adaptor as a backup to the Isis . Save youe money and invest in a better brand !
 I purchased this pump to pump in the middle of the night while I use the electric -LRB- Medela Pump in Style -RRB- at work . The electric pump was too bulky to have to take home every night , so I bought this pump as a portable pump . First of all , it takes FOREVER to pump , and is 10x more uncomfortable than the electric pump . It took me over 40 minutes to pump 2-3 oz , whereas I can pump 6 oz . in 10 minutes with the electric pump . I called Avent , and they were absolutely no help whatsoever . They jut said that it was my fault and I must be using it wrong because everyone else has no problem . Be careful before you waste $ 50 , because if it does n't work for you , there is nothing they will do for you .
 I guess I should not have tried to save on something as important as a breast pump . This model is really not worth your money . It does a poor job and will be completely useless if you are engorged -LRB- which defeats the purpose of the pump to begin with -RRB- . Besides , the pump is really slow and proved to be useless and unreliable . I understand that this pump was not meant for daily use , however I had to pitch it before I went back to work since it would simply not work for the most basic needs.In addition , as pointed out by my lactation consultation , manual pumps usually lack comfort and durability -LRB- this one is no exeption -RRB- . Trust me , if you are serious about breast feeding , you will need to invest in a REAL pump such as the ones offered by Medela or Lansinoh instead of wasting your time and money on a manual pump .
 I recently purchased an Isis Breast Pump as a second pump to be used in emergency situations . I have premature twins , and I was pumping eight times a day when they were in the hospital . The electric pump I have at home , a Medela Pump In Style , works very well -LRB- but is n't very portable -RRB- . Unfortunately , I can not say the same thing about this pump . Although I read the instructions over and over , and tried it several times , I found this pump to be incredibly messy and slow . The suction takes time to take hold -LRB- I do have small breasts - perhaps this is for larger breasted women -RRB- , and once it does , the release does n't allow for all the milk to flow into the bottle , leaving it under the massage cushion and all over me ! This furthered the suction problem . I finally quit using it out of frustration.Of course , the pump is non-refundable or exchangeable , and Avent refuses to even give credits for their other products to those who are now out the `` affordable '' price of the pump . -LRB- Even though , after spending a half hour with them on the phone it was determined that I was using it correctly . -RRB- Yes , it is affordable , but be ready for a messy , possibly frustrating experience .
 I have a terrific milk supply and can pump out 5oz in 10 minutes with an electric pump . With this pump I can pump out 1 oz in maybe 15 minutes . I have to concentrate to `` let down '' which I do n't have to do with other breast pumps or when baby nurses . I find it difficult to maintain suction with this pump , also a problem I 've never had before . I could n't dislike this pump any more if you paid me to . Congratulations to everyone who uses this pump successfully and loves it . It did n't work for me .
 I decided to go with this pump since all of my feeding products where Avent as well . I found it to be easier for me to pump than to nurse , because my little one got tired of suckling . She drank more with more ease from the bottle . After a long battle with this noisy little pump , I 've slowly but surely begun to produce less and less milk . I 've contacted the company on several occasions regarding the pump and they 've been more than helpful . They even sent me a new pump , which was great except it squeaked just as loud as the old one did !!! So I 've decided to give up on breastfeeding because of the sour experience with this little pump . I wish I had never spent the money on this !!! I give the company and their customer service 5 stars , but 1 for this product !
 I have been using this pump since I came back to work 6 weeks ago . I use it 2-3 times a day Monday through Friday and I clean it every night . It is n't painful and it pumps quickly . I could n't have been happier until it fell apart.The actual pump part will no longer stay attached to the bottle . It takes twice as long to pump now because I 'm trying to hold it together . I constantly have to stop and try to tighten the top back onto the bottle . Not that it matters , because I usually spill it when the top falls off anyway.I am now in the market for a new pump and I guarantee it wo n't be an Avent . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this . Please do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This is an update - I wrote an extensive letter to Avent and all they did was send me another neck piece , which they 'd already done 2 weeks prior - the neck piece was n't the problem , it was the entire construction ! Maybe there are just a lot of faulty pumps out there - otherwise I ca n't imagine how the majority of reviewers have had such luck with this item - my recommendation
 If you plan to pump regularly , do not bother with this one . Spend the money for the Medella Pump in style . I hardly used my Avent pump and it cracked . It worked okay in the beginning . If you are planning to pump at work , do not rely on this one .
 Its definately the best hand held pump out there , but i still prefer my electric medela one . But this one is easy to take anywheres with you and easy to pump .
 The breast cup leaks a lot after 1 month usage . The rubber cup does not create a tight seal . The bottle also leaks around the neck during feeding . Does not seal very tight . Changing nipples does not help .
 This is the worst pump I have ever seen . It has no suction , I could get nothing out . I 'm glad it was a gift and paid no money for it . Ladies put forth the money and get an electric pump .
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that AVENT products contain BPA / Bisphenol A. I 'm returning everything to Babies R Us . It 's in their pacifiers and bottles and I 'm pretty sure their breast pump as well . Needless to say I am returning my sterilizer , bottles , pacifier and pump . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 I got this pump because it was recommended by a trusted friend . She had very little trouble with it.I did try this pump before I had my son to get the feel for it , for practice , & to try to self-induce labor . It seemed like it would be a great pump , until my milk came in.I keep getting milk sucked up under the petal thing which causes it to lose suction . I even tried everything in the booklet & website to correct this & nothing helps . PLUS , I found out that I could hand-express nearly twice the amount of milk in less than 1/2 the time when I was engorged & the pump was apart to be cleaned.I thought pumps were supposed to save time .
 This is the worst . It does n't work at all -- there is practically no suction .
 I bought this breastpump thinking it was great ! I really wish I would have read the reviews ! Esp . the one about the neck cracking and breaking ! My son is now 7 weeks old and my pump has cracked at the neck and broken in 2 places ! And I have only used it once every evening !! How can people think this product is wonderful ? I wish I would have just shelled out the money for the Madela Electric because that is what I will be doing today !! Do not buy this product ! It can become a huge problem if this broke at the work place ! The plastic is cheap and faulty ! Also , a plastic valve part kept getting sucked through the neck which I would have to take apart and fix and put back together AGAIN & AGAIN !!! It was a nightmare at 4 in the morning !!!! TRUST ME DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! Ca n't believe AVENT puts so much pride in this !!!!
 For a hand pump this was very uncomfortable . It was n't as powerful as the Evenflo that I now use . Plus I would have to work twice as hard . I used the pumbe about 0-2 times a day and after only 3 weeks it broke . Part of the main area cracked off so that it was no longer air tight . I sugest that you invest the extra ... and get a better pump .
 I 'm a first time mom and bought this pump after reading others ' reviews . I wish they would of told me these facts before I wasted my money . The pump is difficult to assemble and clean . I did not think that it pumped enough milk . Since it is manual , you do have to pump and it does hurt your hand . I bought an electric pump and yes they are loud but at least it pumps milk and no manual labor . I 'm not sure of all the great reviews on this pump . Just remember , pumps are not returnable or exchangeable .
 We bought this pump thinking that it would be easy to use . Well ... try getting water out of a potato . This is what this thing compares too ... it hurts and after all the wrist action it does n't get much milk . Avent failed at this one . Spend the extra money and buy the Medela ... pump in style . What it takes 30 minutes of hard labor to do with the Isis ... will take 5 mins with the Medela ... and when you have a crying baby ... the quicker the better ... and once you purchase and use it ... you 're stuck ... no returns and no refunds . You 'll be out -LSB- $ $ -RSB-
 You really need to invest in something that 's right for you . Not every nipple is the same shape and size . I 'd suggest getting a pump that has nipple options and finding your right size that works for you . Do n't buy an all purpose pump-it just leads to one frustrated unhappy momma .
 The avent is a piece of junk . Like one of the previous reviewers I have also been having problems with the star valve popping out , disrupting the suction of the pump . Whenever this happens I 'm invariably in the middle of letdown and have to stop what I 'm doing and spill milk all over myself to get the dumb thing popped back into place so that it can eventually slip out again . If being relaxed is supposed to help women with their pumping then I 'm surprised I 've been able to pump more than an ounce , since I 'm usually frustrated and angry when using this thing.Get the medela if you can . It 's less expensive and it actually works as advertised .
 The small valve pops up so frequently that it is really not able to finish one session .
 I tried the Avent manual pump after my Medela finally wore out from much use over the last several months . There is no comparison , as far as I 'm concerned . The Medela Harmony pump has very few parts , so it 's VERY easy to clean and a breeze to put together , and I expressed more milk with Medela as well . The Avent pump leaked because milk would get caught under the silicone shield , and it squeaked EVERY time I pressed the handle . And the real kicker is that when I called their `` Customer Care '' department to discuss my dissatisfaction with the product , I was told Philips does n't guarantee their Personal Care line . I 'm going back to Medela as fast as my two hands can order one on Amazon ! I 'd previously read how helpful Medela 's Customer Service department was and did n't realize it might ever become necessary , as I 've come to expect that from most companies ... obviously Philips does n't subscribe to the same viewpoint , so I 'm going back to a company with real `` Customer Care '' .
 I bought one of these on the recommendation from a friend who claimed this worked just as well as her hospital-grade electric pump -LRB- I have since decided she is from another planet -RRB- . When my milk first came in , I was able to get 4-5 ounces in 15 minutes . But after a few weeks , I was having to pump for 30 minutes to get 2 ounces , leaving my breasts bruised and sore . I finally rented a hospital grade pump and learned these are the greatest inventions ever . I actually tried my hand pump again a few weeks ago to see how it would work if I ever needed to pump away from home and I uncomfortably got half an ounce . I then went to the electric pump and got 5 ounces . Buy this only if you are extremely engorged and need to pump occasionally for relief , but not if you plan on pumping daily . You will waste precious time pumping when you could be sleeping .
 Everytime i try using this pump the star valve piece pops off and travels up into the horn of the pump . I have to fish the valve out and basically re-assmble the entire darn thing . Sometimes the valve pops out up to 6 + times in one sitting . It makes me wonder why the heck do i bother sterilising everything when i have to do something as unsanitary as sticking my fingers in the pump or in the bottle just to fish that stubborn valve out.I called Avent customer service and they told me it must be due to the residue buildup from using tap water to serilize the pump . They suggested that i have to boil the pump in water and vinegar . When i asked how often i should be doing this , they had the nerve to tell me that i should boil the pump in this concoction as often as once a day !! well , excuse me but i dont think i have the time to keep primitively boiling my pump like a madwoman everyday in water and vinegar -LRB- I use both electric and microwave steriliser . Boiling is simply too tedious for me -RRB- . In my opinion , The problem is not the residue buildup but a major flaw in the pump design . There are many other pumps such as my medela pis that does not have parts popping out or falling off repeatedly in the middle of a pumping session , regardless of how i sterilise or use the pump.Thus , dont bother buying this pump unless you wan na keep sticking your fingers in the milk every few mins . Your poor baby will be drinking unsanitarily prepared milk . You wouldnt want to give your baby anything that had your fingers swirl around in it . * UPDATE
 After spending $ 70 CDN , I expected more.My 6mo old is in the 75th % ile for weight so it 's not a supply issue . I agree with Molly from Texas , it 's a suction issue . I was told by the Avent rep to put vinegar in the water I sterilize with 1x per week -LRB- no more -RRB- and it works the pump session right after , but not subsequent pump sessions . I have only used this pump intermittently , but now that my infant is starting cereal , I NEED it to pump the milk I need daily to mix with his cereal and it 's FAILING MISERABLY . The diaphram , the part with the white plastic sticking up for the handle , which I believe is the problem with mine is `` patented '' , and the replacement is 11.95 + $ 15 S/H . I find that excessively expensive and insulting . You do have the option of mailing your entire pump and they 'll check for problems , but it 's at their discretion and it takes 4-6 weeks which does n't help me at all because of the time involved and the fact you will probably just get it back with a lame excuse because these people do nothing but back this thing vehemently on the phone . They treat you like you 're an idiot and it HAS to be your fault . They told me it should last 5 years with every day use and suitable to hand down to friends and family -LRB- yuck -RRB- . I 'm just a regular Mom with nothing to win or lose with this review . I 'm just hoping to help another Mom before she puts out the money for something I feel is inferior and will let you down . Buyer Beware !!!!
 After reading all the positive reviews , I bought this pump and was very disappointed . It took me an hour and I only had one once in the bottle . Thinking maybe I was just incapable of pumping I was hesitant to shell out the big money for the gold standard electric pump -LRB- the medela pump in style -RRB- , but finally realized I cant live as a nursing mother without a successful way to pump so I bought it . What a difference ! Now I have a hand free for the remote or a magazine and I get 4 oz in less than 15 min . So easy to build a reserve of milk in the freezer and have freedom to leave the baby . Even for just occasional use , skip the manual pump!Additionally , for some reason Avent had to make their bottles a unique size so you cant use other brands for collection or storage and are stuck with the Avent bottles which I personally did not care for .
 I got this pump , because my electric one was a little noisy and I did n't like waking up my daughter in the middle of the night . At first the pump worked great ... getting rid of the engorgement and pumping out most of the milk.Then it started making slurping noises and the rings for suction started to not go on properly -LRB- I have never sterilized any parts in a sterilizer or anything else or placed any of the parts in a dishwasher , so the reason for the parts not fitting right ca n't be because of them being warped or damaged in someway by me -RRB- . Then , my milk supply started to diminish , due to the pumps inability to stimulate my breasts to keep producing , but I guess this feature would be good if you wanted to stop breastfeeding and ease the engorgement . I had to switch to breastfeeding exclusively , with no bottles , to stimulate my milk supply back , but now my daughter refuses to take a bottle what so ever.So now the pump just sits in it 's little travel bag collecting dust , what a waist of $ 50.00 .
 I ran out to buy this at the suggestion of the hospital 's lactation consultant right after delivering our daughter in November . She said it was a `` good little lightweight pump , and affordable '' -- well , I do n't think -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for a manual plastic unit that hurts your wrist and breaks after 5 weeks of regular use should be considered `` good . '' I was dismayed to find how tired I became while expressing my milk twice a day -- the pump is not comfortable at all ; the rubber guard has become loose and does n't adhere properly to the breast , and the worst is that the neck has cracked on the pump causing milk to leak out . I just called AVENT customer service and they tried to tell me I was using the incorrect kind of WATER to wash the unit out ! I suggested to them that they make a product that is durable so that moms do n't have to waste precious time , money and effort replacing parts that should have been made properly in the first place . SAVE YOUR MONEY -- DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM .
 I purchased this pump when our first baby was born . I didnt think i needed an electric pump and frankly didnt want to spend a fortune on one . It does work well , however i found that after each use you have to take it completely apart and wash all the pieces with care . Also , the more you use it the less effective it is . I ended up pretty frustrated after the first few times . If your planning to use this for weekend outings once or twice a week it will be fine . However if you plan on using it more than that I recomment buying a well known electric pump . I 'm buying one for sure this time around . I know that most hospitals will rent out the expensive pumps for a fair price if you dont want to go out and buy one .
 After 3 weeks neck of the pump breaks . I talked to a lot of people who using this product and everyone of them have same problem.Don ' t believe me ? Try your self
 This was a complete waste of $ 50 . There is barely any suction , and what little there is disappears after 2 or 3 pumps . We have washed it , tried using different valves/silicon pieces , and taken it apart and put it back together countless times . It is absolutely awful . I am writing the company a letter and also informing both pregnancy groups I 'm in about the problems with this product . Avoid this pump ! It is not at all what it is cracked up to be !
 After my baby shower I went to buy a breast pump . Since this one had such great reviews I purchased it . When I got home from the hospital after having my son I went straight to the cabinet to pump . It did not work whatsoever . There was barely any suction , and since it had been opened they would not even think twice about letting me return it . Spend the extra $ 30 , and buy elecrtic . Electric is the only way to go .
 This pump is terrible and ineffective ! Do not waste your time or money . I was n't able to pump an ounce with this pump despite a plentiful milk supply and fairly quick letdown .
 What a waste of time & energy ! This pump lasted a week before it lost its suction on me . Before it did , I could only get an ounce out at a time if I was lucky . Buy any Medela pump instead . I ended up buying a Medela when this one conked out even though I 'm a stay at home Mom and do n't really need to use it very often . Sigh .
 I bought this breast pump based on some of the positive feedback , however I was highly dissapointed with it . The main issues I had were
 well I got this pump at my shower and decided to try it.Everytime I tried to pump the handle fell off . So I do n't see how this product got such good reveiws unless I got a bad one .
 There is nowhere to put your thumb and I think it adds pressure to the neck . I 'm breastfeeding only , but to pump a bottle gives me freedom from one feeding a day & my husband or son usually gives my daughter that pumped bottle . If I were working and had to pump several bottles a day the pump would probably last about two weeks before the neck , the only part there are no extras , breaks . Today the third pump I have purchased has broken . I could 've bought an electric by now , but since I do not work I did n't think it would be worth the investment for one bottle a day ! My daughter is not even four months old yet . So far it has broken every month with pumping one bottle a day .
 The manual avent pump is useless . I took the thing apart a dozen times and reassembled exactly as the directions told me to and was unable to get any more than a tiny amount of suction . I threw the thing out and bought a Medela . The only reason it got one star is because there was no option for zero . Complete waste of money .
 Maybe someone got good suction from this but for me it did n't do squat . I ended up going out and getting the Ameda purley yours electric pump . It is adjustable with speed and suction plus it was only $ 150 . NOt bad for a double pump .
 I bought this pump after all of the fabulous reviews I read . I 'm a stay at home mom and figured a good manual pump was all I needed . This obviously works for a lot of people , but it was n't worth the time or the pain for me . It was painful to use and I could never get more than 2oz -LRB- both breasts combined -RRB- per session , and even so it took me at least a half hour to get this much . My baby drinks 4-5oz which means I needed two sessions of painful pumping to give him a bottle . I did have the pump assembled correctly and it did have suction - it just did n't do much for me . I splurged and got an Ameda Purely Yours and the difference is incredible . With the Ameda pump I can get at least 6oz in 10 minutes . Too bad I ca n't return the Isis .
 we were n't planning to buy a pump and then it happened . my milk came in and our daughter was totally overwhelmed and temporarily could n't deal with nursing ! we bought this product because it was the only one for sale at our local drug store ... a mercy run that i made at 7am one morning when we decided that pumping was the only way she was going to get fed . though it DID provide relief , it was a pain in the neck to use
 As a breastfeeding Mom -LRB- for the third time ! -RRB- I needed a pump to use occassionally for outings and to build up my supply for later use . I bought the Avent Hand Pump because of all the good reviews and because I rarely , if ever will be bottle feeding my baby.First and foremost , the silicone petal pad does n't work for me . I have to take it off . The `` horn '' part of the pump is NOT size universal . So if you 're not sure if it 'll fit , chances are it wo n't . Not all nipples are created equal !!! I did find out that putting some lanolin on the pump itself before pumping makes it easier . Secondly , it 's nearly impossible to nurse and to pump at the same time . Third , it 's noisy ... this means that for you girls out there that are sensitive about let down -LRB- meaning you have to forget you are pumping to pump efficiently -RRB- it wo n't work as well as you want it to.I have no doubt I have a good milk supply . It takes me an hour to pump 4 ounces . A bit dissapointing . Not to mention when you 're a new Mommy , time is precious !! The top cover comes off occassionally and the avent bottles leak-In the end , my baby would n't take the avent bottles . Would n't even latch on . SO do n't use this pump for the sole reason that you believe Avent is the way to go - ultimately the baby is boss . This is my second breastfed baby that would n't take these bottles - although my daughter did latch on for five seconds long enough to gag on the milk because she could n't control the flow.I 'm not impressed.No , I would n't purchase again.No , I do n't reccommend.No !!! I feel cheated and wish I would of researched pumps a bit longer before spending what I did on this one . Let 's face it , it 's overpriced .
 I ca n't believe all the great reviews . Maybe its just me , but I think this pump is so overrated . The pluses
 This sling is just a piece of cloth in the shape of a sling . Very uncomfortable for my baby . I found a much , much cheaper one at Wal-Mart that is better than any name brand sling . My baby will only take his naps in the Wal-Mart sling .
 My fourth son was born with a cleft lip and palate . Since he could n't breastfeed but seemed to have a high suck need , I decided to try a pacifier with him . Regular ones gagged him or fell out . But everyone suggested this one . Basically , it 's a Soothie sewn to a stuffed animal , and the idea is the animal 's weight helps hold it for baby or baby can hold the animal and hold the pacifier . Good idea , but it did n't work for him . The weight pulled it out of his mouth , and he did not like holding it . It 's worth a try , but it 's sure not the solution all the &#34; experts &#34; suggested it would be .
 This pacifier came to me with a ripped nipple . I was going to have to jump through hoops to get a new one , which I did not have time to do . So basically a waste of 10.00 plus s/h because it became a possible choking hazard .
 Interesting concept , but difficult to keep my child level . She likes to do everything herself , so when she climbs up herself , I ca n't assure that she is well-positioned , and that the beads are equally distributed . If I do manage to position her in the seat , when she moves around , the bean-bag shifts into an uncomfortable slant , which encourages her to want to get down and move about the room . Also , I have had this seat for 2 months now , and it appears to have settled or flattened ; i.e. it is much lower than when I purchased it . I wish I had purchased a different kind of booster seat .
 I bought these nipples because my daughter is breastfed and I thought these might entice her to take a bottle once in a while . Well , they did ! They are the only nipple she will use on a bottle , but they leak EVERYWHERE ! The first time she tried them I was so excited because she was actually drinking out of a bottle ! I was n't excited for long , because I looked down and she was SOAKED with formula ! I really wish they did n't leak because I have been trying to get her to drink juice out of a bottle , but she wo n't . I have tried several different tops with the nipples thinking something else might fit better , but no matter what I use they still leak !
 My children like to pour their milk all over toys and into tea cups and everything they can . I was hoping these nipples would stop them from being able to do that . No , they do not work at all . They may not be able to `` shake '' milk out , but they just pinch it and pour milk out all over everything . .
 we already are using a standard nipple , he could not get anything to come out ultimatly i put on a regular nipple back on so he could eat the tip of this looks like a sippy cup it is cross cut and when compress flows heavey
 I have a 2 month old and bought a pack of bottles with these nipples to try because my other bottle set leaks and I can not transport liquid in them in the diaper bag . Unfortunately my daughter can not get anything out of the nipple whatsoever . She has no trouble latching on the breast or using Avent nipples . The only reason I am giving 1 star because I can not use them currenly , but I hope to use them in the future when she gets older . If she ever gets a hang of the nipple , I will come back and edit this post .
 I recently bought a 6 pack of these nipples . I thought this would be a great product . I loved the teething nubs , the vari-flo and the non-drip design . I have used these on several different bottles , every type I own , and nothing comes out at all . My baby sucked for 30 minutes and he had not gotten anything ! I tried making sure that the hole was open , etc. but no matter what , they do not work . I am very disappointed in this product . I purchased these at a Wal-Mart store , but I did not keep the package , so I can not return them . This was a big waste of money ! I used a lot of Luv N Care products with my other two children . I trusted this name and thought that I would really like these nipples . It is a great product idea , but there is a major problem with this product design . Do n't waste your money .
 the stroller is hard to push and the wheels jerk a lot in different direction and when it rains the child still gets wet ... it is only good for store use ... and only in sunshine weather ...
 It 's not a comfortable stroller . My daughter prefers pushing it instead of sitting on it , once her head goes slightly ahead .
 It 's so difficult to find a decent play mat for a baby , for some reason , and I searched and searched for a foam mat until I found this one , which seemed perfect . But it was a disappointment . For this much money and for the length of time I had to wait for it -LRB- some weeks -RRB- , I expected to be thrilled , frankly . The mat reeks of chemicals -LRB- gets better over time , but I was taken aback at first -RRB- ; the animals are a bit odd-looking -LRB- one of them is still unidentifiable to me -RRB- ; and most important , the mat is too thin ! If you place it on a hardwood floor and sit on it , your -LSB- ... -RSB- will hurt . It looks like it 'd be thick , but it 's not -- and I fear that my baby will topple over and hurt her head .
 We got this potty seat for our 20 months old son but the hole is just nice for his size and he is just a medium size baby . It is not easy to put him on this potty seat especially with the splash guard installed . He did n't like to go on this potty seat with the splash guard on as he feels uncomfortable on this thigh .
 We got this as a second potty seat so my son would have child sized potties on both floors . Assembly is easy and the seat is very soft but the hole is significantly smaller than the other seats we have , forcing us to use the splash guard which my son does n't like . As other reviewers have mentioned , clean up is messy , and the seat can be wiggly .
 Not a very good potty seat . Does n't sit right on the toilet . Grandson slides all over and then is afraid to go to the bathroom . Would not recommend .
 I usually do not write reviews , but this one has very poor product quality . The cushion is too soft and does not fit tightly into place .
 My 21/2 yo daughter picked this out fromthe website as her second potty seat for her Grampa 's house , and she picked it for the color and the Princesses . In that respect , it was fine - it 's pink and looks just like the picture . Unfortunately , it did n't fit at all well on the toilet seat , which was - in the potty 's defense - one of the newer types of contoured seats.Basically , the thing slid all over the toilet while my daughter tried to use it , and I 'd have to hold the whole set-up in place . Good thing it has handles -LRB- which she really liked -RRB- Also , it 's really light and flimsy , and the vinyl cushion feels like it would work it 's way off in short order . So , I would n't even think it 's going to be easy to keep clean.So - if you just like it for the price and the color , and have an old-style toilet seat , it 's probably ok . If you want something durable and secure , get something like the Bjorn .
 This seat looked cute in the store , but after a few weeks of use I am tossing it . There are deep cracks on both sides of the seat that make cleaning it properly nearly impossible .
 I like the look , my daughter wears it as a hat on her head . It did not fit our toilet seat . I would have liked it to sit firmly , securely and not slide around . My daughter will not use it .
 This is very pretty looking seat but with all those parts cleaning is a hassle . Handle and the guard is awesome but in that complicated design urine gets traped and it STINKS . for me it 's not possible to clean all the parts everytime my son uses it and i try to wipe it clean with clorox wipes but still unless and until I wash it with soap water it STINKS . . I wo n't recommend this to anyone who does n't want to spend 5-10 mins after each use cleaning it and disassembling and assembling -LRB- it 's quiet easy but 10 times a day it 's time consuming -RRB- seat together .
 It 's a cute seat , but it shifts around on the toilet so when my son sat down on it it nearly dumped him in the toilet ! Scared him to death . Needless to say , I think it 's useless .
 I should have returned it , threw away the packing ; it 's too small , unstable on the toilet seat , my grandaughter is not comfortable on this seat , so she can not relax , instead , she wants too get off , and refuses to sit on it !
 First thing ... they mailed me a blue one with black on the seat but it was still Disney red car . Second ... you have to assemble the seat
 First , I did n't like that I had to put it together . The soft ring itself is crappy . My daughter weights 25 lbs and it ` flattened ' after 2 days of use -LRB- exposing the plastic underneath and making it uncomfortable for her to sit on -RRB- . It is VERY poorly made and to be honest , I am surprised it 's even on the market . Went to Target and bought a REAL one -LRB- which cost me $ 2 less than this POS -RRB- and is made a million times better -LRB- and comes complete with a potty hook for the toilet -RRB- . I did n't feel like dealing with the return so I just threw it out . What a WASTE of money ...
 My grandson did n't do well with this . The cup is n't tall enough and he peed all over the place .
 I was so excited to buy my son a potty seat . He is two and has been using it since he was about 22 months . He picked out the pooh and loved it and I love the splash guard . Unfortunately , the seat tips when he leans over to pick up a book from a bucket on the floor . He is not leaning over to the floor , the books are about 1 and a half feet from the floor . This seat is quite tipsy !
 I bought this potty seat while we already had the ` Dora ' potty seat . I prefer the ` Dora ' potty seat over this one mainly because :1 . -RRB- The hole in this potty seat is too small and therefore I am always afraid that it may be soiled .2 . -RRB- It does not fit into the potty unlike the ` Dora ' potty seat . You have to just place it on the potty . Therefore it is more likely that it may fall off.Also the seat quality of ` Dora ' training potty seat seems much better than this one .
 I had originally written a great review for this potty seat . On first getting it , it seemed brilliant . My son loves it , but that 's no surprise , it has Lightning McQueen on it . . why would n't he love it . I loved it as it caught his pee ... but here we are a few months after the initial purchase and it stinks.I clean the seat dry after every use , however the pee gets in the plastic lining of the seat and as my son has gotten heavier his weight pushes the cushioned piece down and allows some of his pee to go between the cushioned piece and the seat base . This means that you would have to take the seat apart and wash it off after every use . It 's just not a practical seat.I will be looking for a better seat , as this one is unhygienic . It 's unfortunate , as it seems to be the only seat that has the higher front piece suitable for little boys .
 This seat is cute but it slips too easily . The opening is too small for a 3 year old and the anti-skid pads did not touch the toilet seat even after trying to adjust the locations . Pick another one .
 So , the princess seat part is n't attached to the pink part with the handles . It 's weird . It falls off when you move it at all . I ended up duct taping them together . FYI . It 's still a good product , I was just really surprised that they 're not attached to each other . So weird .
 Seat has too much foam and top and bottom piece will not stay latched together . Would not buy this seat again .
 It 's cute but when my baby sits on it it slides . There is extra room in the back and it doesn , t fit securly on the toilet so she has to literally follow the seat because it moves back when she sits on it . Not a good trainer seat .
 i bought this potty seat for my son and the lip part to keep the pee from shooting me keeps falling off . the sticky grips dont stick to well . i would ask for my money back but it was cheap .
 This is a nice seat -- so comfy my 18-mo-old can use and stable enough that the 3yo also loves it . The handles offer added security for early potty use . We bought two of these to have on eat each toilet . However , the less-used one recently split at the seams ! Sadly it 's past the return date.The two-piece design is terrific for trapping urine in the little grooves and also the cushy ring often slips off when this is hung up in the bathroom since you have to hang it by one of the little handles.My parents bought theMommy 's Helper Contoured Cushie Tushie Potty Seatand I think it 's much comfier , much easier to clean AND it 's only $ 10 . Oh , and it also has a hook that makes it super easy for the child to hang it up after use . I 'd recommend that one instead .
 This seat wobbles alot , but we have an enlongated , curvy toilet . Holding onto the handles does not help the child because the whole seat is wobbling . Also , it came unglued into 2 pieces . Poorly constructed . But at least it has a cushioned seat . I am throwing it out .
 It looks nice and fits on the toilet well , but that 's about it :-LRB- I bought this trainer seat because it 's one of the few with handles , but apparently I should have spent the extra $ $ and looked for something else . My daughter is 21/2 , and she is not a big child , however , the hole is just to small . . I have to readjust her seating position if she goes for no1 or no2 so that the seat does n't get al dirtied up :-LRB- . The other problem is the 2 part design , which lets the fluids get between the two parts . ANd no matter how well I rinsed and washed the seat every time , after only a month it was all stinky - the foam in the upper part had absobed the stuff that got on it , so ... . I 'm looking for a better alternative
 I bought this yesterday -LRB- after the Diego seat we originally picked out was recalled and Target would n't let us have it -RRB- . It will be going back to the store today . My son is 2.5 and not a big kid . With the pittle pee cup thing on the front -LRB- a must for boys -RRB- the opening is not big enough to keep the peeper in there and have his but be totally over the hole . It made a HUGE mess.Not to mention that he was so crammed up against the cup , he screamed that it hurt .
 I was too disappointed by this small potty seat . It may be good for those smaller toddler . Definitely not suitable for a 3.5 years old boy , or any boy if you know what I mean . Your boy would make a mess with using it . I am giving it away to goodwill .
 I ordered two of these training rings - one for when my daughter is at home and one for when she is at her grandparents during the week . One arrived in perfect condition , the other was disappointingly split at the seams . So I returned it and had another one shipped back to replace it . I received it yesterday and was upset to find that it too was also split at the seams . So I am returning it once again and asking for a refund , since I feel I will be better just going to the store to buy one that I can inspect before hand . To be honest , the one that arrived in tact works just fine . I guess it is just the luck of the draw depending on if you receive one that is in good condition or defective . Good luck if you decide to order this .
 This fit well on the toilet , and I lived the splash guard , but after only two weeks the top padding kept coming off . I kept putting it back together because I did n't want to give up and pay fir a new one but then in started to smell like Urine badly and the connecting parts made it really difficult to clean . I opted for the Arm and Hammer seat , and we love it . In fact , it 's lasted a year !
 This item i not sturdy and is universal , which means it might fit some seats and not others . It comes off easily from our seat .
 This seat is adorable and comfortable - if it only fit our toilets . It does not fit the toilet and my daughter can not use it .
 This potty seat is not very sturdy . It just lays on top of the regular toilet seat . It does have rubber cushions on the bottom of the potty seat , but it does n't do much to keep it from sliding around .
 My daughter is all about princesses , so this seemed like a cute idea . It fit well on the toilet , but the opening is very small -- a good two inches smaller in diameter than our boring old Graco version . The result ? When she pees , it splashes out all over the bathroom floor , and gets between the seat and the plastic . She is not particularly big -LRB- 75th percentile in height and weight -RRB- , so I must conclude that it 's just a bad design since other similar products work well for her without creating a huge mess.Get a different product unless you like cleaning the bathroom every time your child has to pee .
 My son insisted on having a `` Cars '' potty before he would potty train . So , seeing how this seems to be the 1 and only Cars themed potty , I bought it . I thought it would have a snapping mechanism of some kind to make it secure on the toilet , but all it has is weak foam non slip pads that go underneath . It slides around easily on the seat and is too dangerous to allow my son to climb up himself so it 's useless for us . It was a waste of money . Maybe it sits snug on some other toilet seats ; I thought our seat was standard but I guess I was wrong . I would advise against this seat unless your child is almost as big as an adult because it does n't stay in place and could cause them to fall . In our case , a fall in the small bathroom could easily result in injury ; not worth the risk .
 My son is on the large size . He is 37 '' tall & 39 pounds . These seat is too small for him . The hole is too small which requires him to push forward right up against the splash guard . The guard is hard plastic & cuts into his legs leaving deep red marks . He hates it . He tried it a couple times & now refuses to use it.I switched to a combo potty seat that has a removable soft seat & a much bigger hole . This one will be placed on Freecycle . I only recommend this for those training very small children .
 Even though I think this is a very good idea -LRB- no mess to clean up like there is on a roaming stand-alone potty -RRB- , the ring does n't fit our toilet seats well . We have the oblong seats , not the round ones , and the ring slides back and forth , especially when my 2 yr old daughter tries to get up on it . It does n't make her feel very stable so , so far at least , she has refused to use it .
 I had high hopes for this training ring . It is the perfect size for my children , but it slides back and forth on our toilet seat and , especially at the beginning of potty training , its movement is causing some unsureness on the `` big potty . `` The handles are great.Unfortunately , I think my search for the `` perfect '' aid in potty training continues .
 This toilet seat made it very discouraging for my son to start potty training since the splash gaurd left him with a rash on his inner thighs and lower tummy . The splash guard does not have a smooth finish and when it rubs against his skin , it can be quite painful . I plan on trying the baby bjorn seat , it looks like it would be more comfortable
 This is the worst product that i ever bought from amazon in my entire 10 years history.Thickness of the cushion is so low , i can see my son 's thigh impression after the first use .
 my son 's but barely fits on this , and his parts get stuck in the spill guard . he 's only 2 . also , it slides around on the seat when he tries to climb onto it .
 Like others mentioned , I did not receive the seat pictured -LRB- little roads with red handles -RRB- but I ordered two so I thought at least one would be the red one . No luck . The big bummer is that the seat is so cheap that it comes apart really easy . The cushion is n't well connected to the plastic ring at the bottom so I ca n't imagine trying to take this on the go or doing consistent cleaning . The good thing is that my son wo n't even think about using them so I can consign or return them . He likes the original , plain old white Mommy 's Helper seat I got as a hand-me-down . Cheers to plain and simple . The Mommy 's helper seat is especially nice for me since it has a handle in the back -LRB- far from dribble -RRB- and is ALL ONE UNIT ... no concern that it 's gon na fall apart every time I move it . Potty training is tough enough without extra crap like this . I just though he would get excited to see McQueen ... but instead he thinks is a toy . Ho hum - Live and learn .
 This is a very cute seat ... it was easily assembled and worked as we had hoped , potty training progressed . The guard made it a little difficult for my son to get onto the seat himself , but the handles are genius ! My biggest problem w/this seat , is that because the cushion fits into the seat base and the guard fits into the base & it all clicks together ... unfortunately this leads to urine getting where you do n't expect it to and before you know it ... you 're sniffing around your bathroom like a bloodhound . And we wiped this down pretty much every time it was used ... but to have to unassemble it and wash each component after each use ... is a bit much to have to do . It 's really disgusting actually .
 This was a great seat ! It had the raised cup so my son could do his business without making a mess on those cold days -LRB- lol ! -RRB- and it had LIGHTNING MCQUEEN on it ! What 's not to love , right?Well , 60 days into it and our bathroom smelled very funny . I thought , Hmm did I miss an overflow or something one day ? No , top to bottom the bathroom was scrubbed . Finally I narrowed it down to one item - this toilet seat!Now I know what you 're thinking , `` Why do n't you stop being such a dirt monkey and wipe the seat when he 's finished ? '' . That 's what I thought when I read the other reviews about this seat . Wow , those people probably live in a pit and never clean their stuff!Let me tell you now that is NOT the problem here . We wipe his seat down of every last drop , from cup to toilet rim . Every time . So , you might ask , why does it stink?The problem is the MATERIAL that is used for this seat ! It 's Disney so I thought it could n't be made from crap but I 'll be darned if it is n't ! It 's made from -LRB- the seat cushion -RRB- a corrugated bottom plastic with a seam that runs the entire outside of the seat . What it 's doing is soaking up pee under the seat between the plastic base and the cushion . This gets wiped off , but the little tiny creases fill and sit , and sit , and sit until your entire bathroom smells like you cater to hobos.It 's really awful.I 've found that soaking it in a bleach solution works for a while . Thank goodness my kiddo is just about to graduate to a full potty so it will have to last till then , but if you 're just starting out I recommend you get one of the other cushioned varieties and forgo the CARS theme . It 's just a trap to take your dough.Sigh .
 It 's really cute and my son was very excited to use it . However , the splash guard in front is made of very hard plastic . It 's very wide and it dug into his inner thighs every time he sat on the seat . After a day of using it he refused to go on the potty because he said `` it hurt '' . He 's just learning to go on the potty so taking the cup off did n't work well because he splashed all over . He really needs that guard . We had to put his old seat back on the toilet for him to start going again . We 'll keep this seat for when he 's older and does n't need the splash guard anymore but I 'm disappointed that the guard was so made of such hard plastic and is so wide .
 Though this stroller is extremely lightweight and easy to push , there are a few design flaws that made me put it in the basement and search for a replacement . First , the handlebar is very low . I am 5 ' 7 '' and I kick the wheels about every third step . Second , the canopy hardly shades my daughter at all as it does n't extend very far . Third , the adult cup holder broke off the very first time I took the stroller out of the car . Fourth , you can only open/close it with both hands , impossible to do otherwise . Lastly , to use it with the carseat was frustrating . It took many adjustments to ever get the carseat to lock into place . I have since replaced it with the Combi Torino .
 Short version
 I spent a lot of time researching strollers , and after reading all of the reviews for the Aria I decided to register for one . Out of the box it was fairly easy to assemble and lightweight , but I have not been pleased with it since . The shoulder straps on the 5 point harness are cheap and fall out of the back of the seat . The snack cup has never stayed in place . Steering this stroller is impossible ... we took it to Disney last month and I almost left it in Florida . All in all I expected a lot more from Peg Perego .
 I have a secret I 've been using ever since I was a little kid . It 's called a tablespoon . It holds things and it spreads things .
 Thought this was a great deal and all considering our `` newest addition '' is our last addition to the family and liked the idea that it converts into a toy box ... However , the removable bassinet will not stay in place so if I actually get it to sit right on the base I do n't want to remove it . One of the casters broke the first day I got it , which does n't matter too much because I do n't think it would rock very smooth anyway . It is a cute style though .
 There is not enough clearance for my tot 's mattress , which is about an inch thicker than most mattresses . The plastic of the projected parts that go between the mattress and the box does n't feel strong . I seriously doubt that this rail can hold up when my tot rolls up against it when sleeping . I am not going to take risks on my son and I am returning it . -LRB- BTW , I did n't order this from Amazon.com . -RRB-
 WE BOUGHT THESE FOR MY SONS TWIN BED . WHEN WE OPENED THE PACKAGE MY HUSBAND AND I LOOKED AT EACH OTHER AND SAID `` WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK '' , BUT WE PUT THEM TOGETHER . WE NEEDED ED RAILS AND FOR SOME REASON THEY ARE A HARD TO FIND ITEM ... GO FIGURE . AFTER PAYING $ 60 FOR TWO OF THESE ... MY SON ROLLS UP AGAINST THEM AND THEY BEND AND LAST NIGHT ... HE FELL OUT OF THE BED AND THE RAIL FELL APART . MY SON IS ONLY 30 POUNDS ???? ... I AM GOING TO CONTACT THE MANUFACTURER ABOUT THIS ... WHAT HAPPENED TO THE NICE METAL BED RAILS WE HAD WHEN WE WERE KIDS ...
 I bought the bottles and when I used them all the milk came out and get all the baby wet
 I bought these bottles for my son who had really bad spitting at birth ... , and while it did help with the problem , the Browns Bottles leak ! It is so fustrating to be feeding him and have the burp rap underneath him soaked ! Unless , I 'm not doing something correctly in the assembly which by the way is very time consuming when my little one is crying because he 's hungry . ... I 'd rather try a leak proof bottle over the Browns Bottle 's for a clean and wet FREE feeding !
 These bottles make a complete mess ! They leaked all over my bottle warmer and all over the baby . The cheap supermarket bottles worked better ! I threw the Dr. Brown bottles right in the trash .
 My 11 week old breastfed baby was diagnosed with mild acid reflux -LRB- she does n't vomit , it comes up in her throat causing crying spells from the heartburn -RRB- . She also has a sensitive stomach and is gassy so we decided to try these when she was 8 weeks old . They were horrible ! We like the Playtex Premium Nurser and the Playtex Ventaire -LRB- chubby bottles -RRB- MUCH better . We tried the regular Dr. Browns , but she choked on the nipple so we ordered the chubby bottle that has the nipples more like the breast . With both kinds she sucked too hard and ate too fast ... when I sat her up to burp her after her usual 5 minutes -LRB- @ one ounce with the Playtex bottles -RRB- , to my surprise she had already sucked down 3 ounces ! We had a horrible night both times we tried the Dr. Browns - she cried all night from a bad tummy ache from the fast flow -LRB- we used the slow flow nipples even ! -RRB- . I also have a friend that had the same problem with her baby choking and gagging on the slow flow nipples ' too-fast-flow -LRB- formula fed baby -RRB- . I HIGHLY recommend the Playtex bottles - they are easy to clean and never leak . We only tried Dr. Brown to see if it would alleviate the GERD symptoms - it did not !!!!
 I received the wide neck and regular Dr. Brown 's bottles as shower gifts . My son loved the regular bottles from day 1 - no problem . However when we tried the wide neck he dribbled a lot of formula and choked more often . Both used Level 1 nipples so have to assume it was the larger nipple area . I went back to the regular slim Dr. Brown 's bottles and all has been fine . If your child is not an aggressive eater suggest you stay away from the wide neck bottles .
 Have been using Dr. Brown regular bottles - moved to wide neck based on reviews and the fact that I am breastfeeding and that this is supposed to be more like the breast . With 9 week old milk just comes dribbling out the side and more ends up on his chin and clothes than in his stomach . I 'm not sure why this is happening and have tried on a few occasions to try again with the bottle . The regular Dr. Brown 's bottle are working much better for us .
 I thought these were one for $ 10 -LRB- I think the description was not really clear , especially the title once you are on the page -RRB- and so ordered `` 2 '' ; but when I received 4 baskets in 2 boxes and examined them , I realized that these are indeed only worth $ 5 each . They are rather flimsy and not very well made
 I saw the other person 's review and still decided to give it a try . But she is definitely right
 I was not too impressed with the fact that the lamp pictured and that I ordered because it matched the crib set I have was n't the lamp that was sent to me . The lamp that was sent to me was from a different blue jean teddy theme in which I have nothing else . I have the noah 's ark theme and I wanted the noah 's ark lamp .
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM ALMOST 3 WEEKS AGO AND IT 'S STILL ON DELAY . I CA N'T EMAIL OR GET INTOUCH WITH A HUMANBEING , SO I 'M JUST TOLD IN MY EMAILS THAT I CA N'T CANCEL MY ORDER NOW , SO I JUST HAVE TO REFUSE PACKAGE WHICH IS CRAZY !!!!!! MY BABY IS DUE ANY DAY NOW AND IF I KNEW THAT IT WAS GOING TO TAKE THIS LONG TO GET THE LAMP FOR MY NURSERY THEN I WOULD N'T HAVE ORDERED THE LAMP . THANKS FOR NOTHING AND I WILL LET OTHER 'S NO ABOUT YOUR TIME SERVICE . IT SUCKS !!!!!! PLUS , FALSE ADVERTISING SAYING IF YOU WANT THIS ITEM ORDER NOW AND HAVE IT TOMORROW . IF I ORDERED MINE THREE WEEKS AGO AND STILL HAVE N'T GOT IT , THEN HOW IS SOMEONE GOING TO ORDER THE TEDDY BEAR LAMP TODAY AND GET IT TOMORROW ? LIKE I SAID , FALSE ADVERTISEMENT !!!!!!!!!!!!! VERY UNPLEASED CUSTOMER ,
 This mobile is the perfect finishing touch to the blue jean teddybear collection . The only problem is it was n't big enough to fit the slats on the baby crib , and this is a new crib . I think they should make all of them universal to fit all cribs . If it was n't for that I would of given it 5 stars .
 I was dissapointed in the BJT Mobil . When on it only plays for a few min . and then stops , no matter how much I turn the knob . I had to result to using a crib side melody player instead . I have also found that the mobil just get 's in the way when changing or putting my son to bed .
 As per other reviews , we were very excited to use this product to mark a special time in our 1st child 's life . Sadly , we were disappointed . The frame came with a decently sized portion of the black finish chipped off , obviously making the frame less than ideal to display.But the biggest problem is the clay . It was impossible to use properly . It stuck to everything . It was hard to remove from the package -LRB- I had to scrape it out from the inside of the foil bag and could n't get it all -RRB- , it stuck to my hands , the aluminum foil they tell you to place it on , and worst of all , it basically sticks like glue to the rolling pin they included . There was no way to make the clay flat or clean for my baby 's foot . I tried anyway , and his foot just stuck to it , messing it up even further . We could not use it.I followed all the directions exactly . There was no salvaging this thing . I 'm very disappointed with this product and would not recommend it to anyone . Maybe the clay goes bad ? I 'm not sure , we received it as a gift and used it 3 months later . If the clay expires they should indicate so .
 While I did n't have the problems others had with a broken frame , I was still very dissatisfied with the quality of the product .1 -RRB- The blue background is so light that it looks more like a blueish grey than blue , the pink was fine but we were going to use the blue side .2 -RRB- The clay is a horrible item to use for this purpose . The instructions tell you to roll it in aluminum foil . It stuck to the foil and repeatedly stuck to my son 's foot -LRB- see additional uploaded photos -RRB- regardless of how thick or thin it was rolled out . What finally worked was to roll it between wax paper , let the clay dry for 5-10 minutes after you roll the material before you try to make an impression -LRB- this was not included in the instructions -RRB- . I only found this out after we had already made about a dozen attempts and decided to use the scraps to experiment to make a hand print . Because we re-rolled the clay so many times , lint and dirt started to get embedded into the clay resulting in an unattractive print that we did n't want to frame .3 -RRB- I would have expected a little form to keep the clay in a nice square/rectangle , cutting it with the supplied ruler was also a mess that stuck and deformed the print . After a day , the clay still did not completely dry and has the consistency of the stiffer marshmallows from Lucky Charms -LRB- firm but will dent with pressure -RRB- .4 -RRB- There is nothing special about the frame except it is thicker . To attach the clay they include double sided tape.I would not recommend this product . For the price you can easily go to a craft store and procure the same materials and have a much better end result . Personally , I would use artist clay to make a foot/hand impression first and cast that in plaster.Update
 The `` clay '' is seriously hard to use . The rolling pin to flatten it is useless because the clay just sticks to it . Other tips , if you want to prevent the clay from sticking to your baby 's foot , you can put some lotion on his/her foot . The oil will help prevent the clay from sticking . Dont wash your hands before handling the clay , the oil on your hands help with handling the clay . If you do wash your hands , you should again use moisturizer on your hands.Really poorly designed clay . Otherwise the other components such as the frame and matte are fine .
 I decided to buy this product for my new born baby due to relatively good review summary . However , it disappointed me completely . First of all , I received one with broken frame in intact box . After replacement request , I got a second one with a crack on the edge glass face . Then I found no more replacement available on Amazon . Due to the tight timeline for need of such product and tired of online search , I try to use it anyway . It turned out that the rolling pin is really a piece of junk . Quite a lot of material was stick to it if you use the rolling pin included . What a waste of that poor suffieient amount of material . The cutting ruler did not work well since the material stick to it too , better to use your own knife.Overall , it is waste money to buy this junk .
 The first frame I received , one of the joint was completely unassembled . It appears that the way the frame is cut , there is only one joint that needs to be glued/nailed together for the frame to be intact - but they either never did it , or it broke/cracked via shipping . I returned my order via amazon and they sent me another one . SAME THING , but worse , this one looks like it was glued together but definitely broke apart as part of the frame is chipped away . I am so disappointed in this . I 'm just going to return the second one and not bother with this product anymore .
 I do n't know why nobody else had this problem , but the putty was impossible to work with ! I kneaded it for at least ten minutes , and it was still stiff , like the texture of memory foam . We pressed the baby 's foot down as hard as we dared , and it left no imprint at all ! I kneaded the crap again for another five minutes , and it still was n't soft enough to take an imprint . I tried pushing my knuckle into it as hard as I could , and it still bounced right back up -- left no print at all ! We 'll keep the frame -LRB- even though it arrived broken , as others have said -RRB- , but I 'll get some clay or plaster for the print . That putty is impossible .
 the material is very tacky and will be hard to remove from the included rolling pin . and then once you get the pin off and get a decent flat piece of material , when you go to give the impression , the material will then stick to the hand or foot upon removal ruining the impression , and you have to do it all over again . it was a horrible process .
 opened the box and the frame was falling apart had to glue it back together . Just anther cheap product .
 I was very excited when I first purchased this product . We followed the directions for the foot mold , and it looked great -LRB- but not for long -RRB- . A week later the mold started cracking !! Now the only mold we have of my little one 's foot is destroyed ! Do n't waste your time on this product !
 I was excited to receive this frame , but when I slid it out of the box , the frame had broken into 3 or 4 pieces , separated from the glass and started falling onto the floor . Instinctively , I tried to catch the falling pieces and sliced my hand on the glass piece . I contacted the company about their faulty , beyond repair product and never received a response . Wasted money , with a scar to boot .
 I never write reviews , but this time I am very disappointed ... SO , After reading all good reviews I was very excited when the kits arrived - I ordered two . I thought the frame was supposed to be made of wood , but no - it 's made of some cheap wood-like material that crumbles easily . BOTH frames were completely broken when I opened the packages . I am glad Amazon has such easy return process .
 I have n't finished putting the frame together -LRB- all 19steps of it ... -RRB- but so far , i have n't had that much fun with this product . I did get good impressions of baby 's feet , but I had to figure out several tricks to working with the clay really fast . I kneaded the clay , put it on foil and tried to roll it out . It sticks to the wooden roller . It has the consistency of marshmallow fluff . Trick
 I think the material for the mold especially and for the entire frame is somewhat cheap . I know a couple of people who 've been happy with this product but it just did n't work for us . It is tough to do with a squirmy baby and once we did finally get a mold the contrast was n't very striking -- a footprint with ink may look better . Not worth the effort or $ , in my opinion .
 The foam worked pretty well , although it does n't dry flat , it curls up at the corners and never gets hard.The bigger problem is that the frame came in three piece ; the one side with the horizontal piece and vertical piece attached ... then a horizontal piece , then a vertical piece . I thought it must be like this so I emailed Pearhead , asking about it . No response . Guess not.Look at the other reviews , this broken frame is a recurring problem that I did n't listen to . I had to use ` Gorilla Glue ' to hold the pieces together , further complicating the process . This thing is cheap and no way worth the money . I 'm glad I had a back-up plan , going to Michael 's and getting some of that clay you bake , worked PERFECTLY and is n't ` bendable ' like this stuff . It 's set forever , wo n't damage . Just find yourself a shadowbox type of frame , it 's the same thing - seriously .
 I am writing this to warn you . I bought this frame from Zicardi 's and it came damaged . After several discussions with customer service , instead of doing a return like they said , they sent me another frame . That came damaged as well . I have made numerous attempts over 4 months to resolve the problem with no success . Their customer service people are very nice , but nothing gets done . They keep saying a manager will call to help with my return . Nobody every calls back . They have now asked I go to Amazon to get the return done . It is absolutely rediculous ! Aviod the headaches and STAY AWAY !!!
 I thought for my newborn son the smell -LRB- lavender -RRB- was really strong , as I have found with all the Mustela products I registered for and received . I wo n't use it any more on him because the smell of his skin -LRB- which I really love -RRB- is totally over powered by their added fragrance . I 'll use it for myself though . If I had paid for these products myself I would feel ripped off , just because they are some of the most expensive does n't make them the best choice . I recommend using something more mild , I switched to Johnson 's Head to Toe Baby Wash -LRB- and no , I 'm not getting any money to state this , sadly -RRB- . If you are really interested in Mustela then get a sample first and try it out . Also , for cradle cap , which my son has gotten twice now , I just rub some olive oil into his scalp , wash off the oil , and scrape off the , uh , shall we say grossness with a really soft tooth brush . I do this outside because it can get messy , and yes , gross but do-able .
 This shampoo smells great , but did very little for my daughter 's cradle cap . I found the old fashioned baby oil and a good shampoo afterward really made the greatest difference along with gentle messaging her scalp with a brush several times though out the day . My friends also told me dandruff shampoo works well too , but be careful not to get the suds in baby 's eyes . Regardless , I say save your $ $ $ and try another solution .
 ABC WHOLESALE will send you items in poor condition and if you want a refund they will respond to your emails snobbishly before blowing you off , dont trust them !!!
 I 've been along time fan of this product , until they recently changed their formula . Now , every bottle that I buy is like water ! You ca n't even blow bubbles with it ! So I contacted California Baby , asking for a reason . Someone named `` Sue '' responded , and said that she would send me postage paid envelope to return the bottles I had . It 's been a month now , and no envelope has arrived . Now when I email `` Sue '' about it , she either ignores me , or places the blame on another department in the company . So I 'm still without bubbles , and it looks like CA Baby still has my money . I feel gipped !
 We received this activity tray as a gift and thought it would be great . We have found it to be of little value . The phone receiver is so short that my son can barely pick it off the tray . You ca n't hold it up to mimic talking on the phone . The four buttons at the top push down but that 's it . No squeak , no buzz , nothing to make my son want to play with it . Same goes for some of the other `` activities '' . I called Peg Perego to complain about the design and they told me there was nothing they could do to help me . Save your money .
 Okay , so I wanted my daughter to get used to her Peg Perego High chair on a playtime level so that she can be in the kitchen with me while I 'm cooking even when I 'm not feeding her . I thought this would be great since it 's the ONLY accessory for this highchair that you can get . Couple problems with it
 So , I 've had this thing for a few weeks . My only suggestion - do n't get it near baby food.It 's a high-chair tray , but apparently you should use it only when your little one is sitting there watching you eat . Because if he eats , and gets any gunk on it -LRB- which every baby will -RRB- , it will ruin the little paper stickers that are all over the tray . Which kind of ruins the `` niceness '' of the tray . I would recommend that you just skip it , and put a few plastic toys on a regular tray . Not worth it .
 I agree with the review that mentioned the short cord for the phone and the do-nothing buttons at the top . I would add that the graphics on the tray are simple paper decals , which are a poor choice for something to go on a baby tray . In no time they will be stained and torn and there 's nothing you can do about it.I threw ours away after the bell underneath the phone got wet and then rusted . Really , the only advantage to this tray is that it is sized correctly to clip onto the main tray . I can think of nothing else positive about it .
 I was running out of toys that could keep my son busy during feeding so it makes sense to purchase this item . The goal is to makes meal times enjoyable for both of us . As it turns out , I received this item in a worn out box and what comes out of that worn out box is worn out activity tray . I purchased this item directly from Amazon website but no where on its website indicated that I am buying a used Peg Pegego activity tray . This is the first time something like this happened to me . I have not even have this issue buying from ebay .
 I ordered this for our Prima Pappa Diner chair . With the photos provided i thought it looked great but was disappointed to find that the 4 buttons near the top had no real function , the phone had a very short cord and could not be used as pretend phone , and the clock had no sound when turning the hands.Would not recommend this unit !
 This one smells soooo bad . The Calming scented one smells great ! I use that one all the time , but this scent is just plain-out gross . nothing `` i love you '' about it .
 This is a great idea but it does NOT ` fit ' the Peg Perego Primo Viaggio as advertised . Unless you are happy with your carseat just sitting in the stroller that is ! I paid a lot of money for a carseat with side impact protection so having it just rest on there was not for me . There is a cheesy belt that comes with to ` secure ' it . If the carseat had clipped in like it does on the Pliko P3 I would have have been happy to keep it .
 We were thrilled that Maclaren came out with an infant car seat stroller frame ... especially since it is marketed to accomodate the Britax Companion . To our dismay , the Easy Traveler does NOT safely hold the Companion and the stroller we received is actually defective . My husband is active duty military & we live in Japan , so we depend on online shopping . Because the shipping time is so long we are outside of our 30 day return time ... so now we have to deal directly with Maclaren . Well , actually an authorized repair company for Maclaren . Not sure where we 'll find one in JAPAN ! The stroller is over priced and it 's a hassel to deal with this company . We are crossing our fingers that nothing goes wrong with our Techno XT .
 It should cost $ 70 , and is available elsewhere online for the list price . Price gouging is uncool .
 Like the previous reviewer , I too noticed a difference in the consistency of the bubbles . So I contacted California Baby via email , and heard a response right away from someone named `` Sue '' who promised that she would send me a postage paid envelope for me to return the defective bottles I had . Problem is , she did n't follow through , and has not to this day . So after a month of my twins crying for bubbles , I moved on to another product . I feel like I got gipped ! My advice ... the customer service department at CA Baby does n't care if you are happy with their product ... so move on unless you want to pay $ 9 a bottle for water !
 I bought this from Amazon and when the item arrived , we realized that it is simply cheap particle board . There are no directions , just a hard to understand diagram that tells you nothing . We might as well have built you own toy box as to try to put this thing together . The hardware that it came with was cheap and the screws kept breaking and stripping . I called guidecraft directly and they offered me a refund or another product since the original had broken screws in it . When I got the second shipment I was finally able to get it together very carefully and after I went and bought my own hardware . The pre-drilled holes were also in the wrong spots so we had to pre-drill the holes ourselves . We could have built and decorated our own for the time it took us to get this together , and it probably would have been cheaper . Yes it is beautiful once you get it together -LRB- Which is why we stuck with it -RRB- but it is not worth the hassle and I am sure there is much better product out there for this price .
 I did not like this mattress at all ! It had a strong vinyl odor , even after airing it out for several days outside . The few times that my little one slept on it , she woke up smelling like vinyl . The cover wrinkled and was not tight.After this experience I researched crib mattresses and am going to purchase an organic mattress that does n't have vinyl .
 The mattress has lots of wrinkle on one side and all the four corners . Also , the mattress is too soft .
 Mattress is encased in a rather thick layer of vinyl -LRB- with PVC -RRB- that is hard and crinkly . Does n't seem very comfortable , not to mention a questionable choice of plastic for infant bedding . If you 're concerned about off-gassing , this probably is not a good choice . I wish I had known more about PVC before I bought my baby supplies . Cheap mattress made with cheap materials .
 It was a little small for the Davinci Emily 4-in-1 crib -LRB- I had ample space to move my hand around between the mattress and the crib -RRB- . I feel the quality just was n't there as well . It is a foam mattress which tend to fail and create gaps between the mattress and the crib . Given the price tag , I would have expected it to be a much better quality . I returned this for the Serta Perfect Sleeper . The Serta mattress has a 30 year warranty for the same price vs. the MDB 5 year limited warranty . I plan on this mattress being used for several children and to be used once the Emily is converted into a toddler bed , so I wanted a better warranty , and a higher quality mattress that fit correctly in the crib and would last .
 Please note , while this product says the dimensions are 53 x 33 x 6 inches they are in fact 53 x 27 x 6 inches . This is a standard size mattress and does not fit the wider DaVinci Emily Crib . It creates a gap on the sides where an infant can become trapped and suffocate . Please do not buy this mattress for a DaVinci Emily Crib.I realized this after receiving this product . The mattress itself is not a bad mattress , but I gave it 1 star because it was not at all as described . I am not only disappointed but I am frustrated to know that this product is being incorrectly advertised , as this could create a SIDS risk for parents who do n't notice the gap .
 THIS MATTRESS FITS SNUGLY INTO THE DaVINCI CRIB AND APPEARS TO BE COMFORTABLE FOR THE BABY . WOULD RECOMMEND IT.UPDATE : So sorry if I misled anyone into buying this mattress as this has turned out to be one sorry mattress . I purchased this mattress June of 2009 . It is now Jan. 2011 and this mattress is sagging horribly over to one end . It appeares all the batting has gone to one end and the other end is about 2-3 inches thick . I paid $ 99.00 from amazon . See it is now $ 69.00 . As a baby mattress it is worth zilch . DO NOT BUY THIS MATTRESS FOR YOUR PRECIOUS BABY .
 within 3 months it is con caved where baby sleeps . very low quality . im not mad because i got it free with bed purchase . a trash bag full of leaves is a better mattress
 We 've had this crib and mattress for about a year now . My 16 month old has slept on the mattress for about a month now and one side of it is flat . We have her crib converted to a toddler bed and the mattress is now lower than the toddler railing is . I 'm not sure if that 's where she sleeps for the most part , or what , but I 'm getting a new mattress here soon . It is also very loud when I lay her down , it sounds like she 's laying on plastic bags . I 've never had a mattress sound like that , not even the super cheap one from Walmart that we had for my oldest.If you 're going to get a mattress , get a Sealy . My middle daughter has one that was one of my friends ' who 's daughter is almost 6 and the thing is almost brand new . It 's been slept on much much more than the Twilight mattress has and it 's still holding up very well . It 's the Sealy Baby Ultra Rest one .
 It says this was the mattress I ordered -LRB- buy the Davinci crib , get this mattress with it free -RRB- . However , I opened the package and aired it out in the garage without thinking . A couple months later when we were ready for the baby to sleep in it I looked and realized the mattress shown is NOT what we ordered . This one says 100 % polyster . However , I got one that is 100 % vinyl cover -LRB- which is being phased out due to being unsafe , leaching chemicals ! -RRB-
 I bought this mattress in Spring 2009 and was very excited by the purchase . It is now Fall 2011 for reference ... At first , my baby seemed to find it comfortable - an 8lb . baby so it was n't much weight . What I failed to realize was that in a mere year or so , when my baby was 26-30 lbs. , the mattress would be getting a workout . He started waking up with a sore back and I deduced that it was this mattress ! Upon inspection , it sags very badly even with my diligent flipping . I 've replaced the mattress with a Sealy Foam Core for 130 dollars . It seems much more durable and I hope for better results.There is a five year warrantee on this guy , but do n't be fooled , you get a few months at best.I even tried to salvage this one by putting it in our -LRB- next -RRB- newborns crib , but I noticed immediately that he is sagging as well . I 've decided that this mattress will do no better than become a dog bed and purchased yet another -LRB- different and more pricey -RRB- . I was n't sure how much to spend on a `` quality '' mattress ; the answer is more than 60 dollars , think around 130-170 if you want to use it for your toddler as well .
 I ordered the Da Vinci crib , which is still backordered , and got the free mattress to go with it , so I figured , even if it is crap -LRB- which it appears to be -RRB- it was free . I will be using this as the mattress my baby will sleep on when we visit the grandparents.Compared to the Serta mattress I have for home this mattress is way too squishy ; it does not feel very supportive , so it will be great for the occasional sleep.Oh and when it was delivered , it was just in a plastic bag , no box , so who knows what could have been placed on it while in the truck .
 We purchased this mattress a little over two years ago for the Emily Crib by DaVinci . The mattress developed slits in the surface that comes into contact with the crib a few months ago . We are expecting our second child any day now and will have to purchase a new mattress when he is ready to transition to the crib .
 We HAD to purchase this mattress b/c it is the only one that fits the DaVinci crib . We have been using it for almost a year and it is already coming apart at the seams . Thread everywhere . I love the crib but would not recommend the mattress at all .
 This was given to us as a gift along with the DaVinci Emily crib when we had our daughter . It was n't the mattress I had picked out , but it seemed fairly good at the time , so I kept it.The only good thing I can say about this mattress is that it 's light . It makes the sheets easy to change ... along with the fact that after about three or four months of use , I could fold it in half if I wanted to . It 's saggy , soft , and like another reviewer said , it is smashed down on one side and thick on the other , even though I 've turned it , flipped it and tried to `` fluff '' it to get the batting back to the other side . I do n't know how this is even safe to put a baby to sleep on since babies need a firm surface . `` Ultra Firm '' is a complete lie . Do n't waste your money on this mattress . It 's cheap for a reason . Spend a bit more on a quality mattress that wo n't put your baby at risk .
 I bought the davinci mattress to go with our davinci Emily crib . The mattress is too small for the crib . I can put my entire arm between the mattress and the crib and my daughter got her arm and foot stuck down the side last night . I suggest purchasing a more snugly fit mattress .
 The first thing about this stroller is the weight ... it is very heavy compared to other strollers.The second is the height of the handle.I 'm 5 ' 2 and the handle hits me right in the chest.It 's hard to push a stroller with your arms up at chest level.The third is that it is misleading that you can use it with an infant seat because you ca n't !!! You have to recline the seat all the way back to fit the car seat on it then there is no room on the back for your toddler to sit or stand.The only good thing about it is the size of the storage basket.There has to be better products out there !!!
 We bought this for our three year old and newborn . When the baby is in his carseat , my daughter ca n't sit on the back seat , she can only stand . I tried pushing my daughter while seated in the front , without the baby in it and was unable to get it to go anywhere . My husband had trouble with it too . We ended up returning it . Maybe it might have worked once my son was able to sit up , but I did n't want to have to wait six months to use the stroller .
 When I bought this stroller I was expecting good things . It looks nice and Fisher Price is usually a great name . -LRB- for toys , maybe not strollers -RRB- I was surprised at how many pieces there were and assembly was a bit time consuming . Once it was together it looked nice like in the store so we were excited again.However , after loading our little one 's inside we found that steering was quite difficult . The stroller pushes nice when going straight , but steering is a different story.The handlebar sticks out far from the rest of the frame which makes it feel like it is n't so sturdy . There is a lot of `` up and down play '' in the handlebar and that concerns me.I think the weight is a bit much too . I expect a double stroller to be a little heavy , but my wife can barely get it in and out of the minivan which is not typical.Overall , I 'd say it okay at best . Perhaps Fisher Price should stick to toys .
 We bought this stroller at Babies R Us over a year ago thinking it would be great for shopping at the mall with the extra large basket !! However ; after about a month of use this stoller has been sitting unused in our garage because we can no longer collapse it to take it anywhere . We have tried over and over and have had many other people try , but the stroller is somehow `` locked up '' and will absolutely not close anymore . It is too big to put in our Yukon without being collapsed so we can not take it anywhere to get it fixed nor can we return it to Babies R Us since we ca n't get it there !! When we were able to use it it was okay ... a bit hard to manuever and the tray on the front does not stay closed -LRB- it is a split tray which meets in the middle so baby can push it outward -RRB- so it 's a good thing there are straps to hold baby in or else he would fall flat on the floor . I would not recommend this stroller .
 I was so excited when we first got this stroller . It is very easy to close , it rolls without any effort , and it turns without any problems . The problem is with the hood , It is flimsy and flops every which way . If you try to adjust it , it flops forward and covers the entire front . It will fall backwards to if all the snaps are not in place . When the snaps are in place though , it does not fully cover the child in the front . Also the tray opens in the middle and does not stay shut unless there is an infant seat attached to it . There are soooo many straps , snaps , and hooks , it is quite difficult to figure out . Also the front seat is adjusted with a dial and it does not stay up all the time . It will fall back when you least expect it .
 Yes , this is a good stroller , but the price being asked for it is ridiculous . I have one and have been happy with it , but there is no way that it is worth $ 300 , especially in this economy . It retailed for around $ 125 -LRB- I paid $ 115 -RRB- and I see them occasionally on e-bay for under $ 100 . Do yourself a favor and if you really want one of these do not pay the + $ 300 they are asking and just shop around . There are also plenty of really good tandem strollers from other manufacturers for sale here on Amazon that are much more reasonable in price .
 I 'm not a fan of this bath kneeler . The pockets are n't large enough for most shampoo/body wash bottles . The suction cups do n't stay on well . The worst part is if you do n't remember to hang dry it every night , the inside flap grows mold . It 's machine washable , but so large that it 's practically a full load by itself . I would not recommend this to anyone ; just get a basic kneeler without the ` extras ' .
 This was great when I first got it . But shortly after a few uses it got moldy and spotted . I 've washed it in the machine several times with bleach and its still stained . I ditched the flap that goes over and into the tub and now just use the knee pad part . It does save my knees from getting bruised up on our tile bathroom floor . But you could just use a folded up towel .
 After following the washing instructions given on the tag , I was disappointed to see that the mat came out of the washer in poor shape . The foam insert was distorted and bent and there is no way to access it to smooth it back out . Also , the velcro snagged much of the surface . I never use the pockets so a regular garden mat or something that is easily cleaned would better meet my needs .
 I went through two of these and then gave up . The padding is very comfortable but the material is hard to clean - even the washing machine ca n't agitate it well because of the size and shape . The bottom got moldy quickly even though I always let it dry . Somehow it just accumulated and then would n't wash off.I definitely do n't recommend . Getting a regular gardening foam kneepad would be a better and cheaper choice .
 Go buy it at Buy Buy Baby for $ 24.99 , even better use a coupon and get it for $ 20 . I ca n't believe it is being sold on here for $ 60
 I had this product for a couple of years and it was great , but overtime , got really dirty and was unable to be cleaned , so I decided to replace it . The new version is terrible ! The suction cups do n't stick to the bathtub and they replaced the pockets with a cheap flimsy material which does n't hold the shampoo bottles . They definitely should have stuck with the original design , which is what is pictured but not what I received when ordered .
 Comfy but does n't stay in place . It stains and smells sour after seven months and washing it does n't solve the problem . I let it air dry after every use but the odor is permanent . It is n't worth the price and now I have to find something else .
 I ordered this because it was cheap and I liked the pattern . You get what you pay for as the saying goes . This sheet looked faded and had a strong chemical smell from the packaging , I guess . I never tried this brand before and am afraid to order anything else from this line . Although it was inexpensive , I do not recommend it . Save your money and buy something of better quality .
 Before buying this product , try searching on-line and you will find many , including myself , who have found the vault to work for a short period of time , and then fail to open . It provides the correct tone that recognizes that the unit should open , but it does n't . This seems to be an issue among many people that have purchased the item . My child was very dissapointed .
 This is a great stoller for the parent when compared to the traditional umbrella stroller -- it has storage space underneath , tray for baby , cupholder for you , and is very lightweight and compact . However , from the baby 's point of view , it 's a bad place to spend any amount of time . The cushioning behind the back and under the diaper is paper thin , and underneath is basically cardboard . So no back support and my children never slept in it because they seemed like they just could n't get comfortable . Also , it is techically a reclining seat , but it is adjustable only by a strap in back . Not very secure , I do n't think , and it does n't allow for your child to sit up completely , which drives my little one crazy . Because of this , she ca n't reach the tray , and probably wo n't be able to until she 's much older and has longer arms . Fortunately for her , I have been shopping around and am eyeing a Chicco C5 at Babies R Us . The price is the same as the Kolcraft , but it it has a lot more to offer . It is easier to steer , and does n't make the parent have to stoop to push it . It 's very lightweight and still has the storage and cupholders are available at the store to add for the parent . And it looks like it will be so much more comfortable for my little one too -- lots of padding , 5 point harness , REAL reclining seat , bigger footrest , etc. . Anybody want a used Kolcraft stroller ?
 Paid about 40 dollars for this . I guess you get what you paid for . seat reclines but not all the way which is OK for my three month old . It is very light which is always a plus . Seat is very uncomfortable very thin , very small for my three month old and supported with what appears like cardboard inside the seat . Wheels are made of plastic . The trays are very tricky and not easy to install should snap in instead of forcing it to fit . The tray in the front for the baby did not fit at all so I ca n't even use that feature . I Should have paid a little more for a stroller that would be more comfortable for my little one and safer.Folds with one hand which is great but collapsed on me once when it was open . Not sure why .
 I bought this stroller to use with my daughter . It had all the features that I was looking for and some ! After 2.5 months the bracket that holds the frame of the basket and supports the seat broke completely off , thus offering no support for the seat and a useless basket . I contacted Evenflo and they offered to replace the stroller with a completely different stroller in a different pattern , the one I have is no longer available and there are no replacement parts . I would not recommend buying this stroller .
 I bought this stroller when my son was 9 months old . We used it for a month now and all the sudden he stared to crawl out of it . He almost fell on his head the other day . All strollers need the harness strap like the ones they build in the car seats . I contacted evenflo to ask if there was some sort of harness for this stroller and they said there was nothing they could do for me . I am always with my son while he is in his stroller but if I turn my head for a minute he was almost on the floor . I highly recommend that you buy a stoller with the five point saftey harness . Besides the harness trouble this stroller is great . But now I have to spend more money to get one that my little climber will not get out of . : -RRB- Thanks , Amber
 I did not receive the one pictured actually the design has changed from the original one and I was disappointed by the product . I would not recommend purchasing .
 the play tray comes in 2 parts and they do n't secure very well . Our baby was using this , the tray fell out onto his feet and scared him off.I will not recommend this product to anyone
 We bought this at Babies R Us and it is now in the recycle bin less than a month later . Save yourself the $ 10 .
 HELLO ?! Amazon ? What is going on ? How old , what weight/height should my child be PRIOR to using the seat ? OR WHEN SHOULD MY CHILD NOT BE ALLOWED ON IT !? WHEN IT BREAKS AND SOMEHOW HARMS MY CHILD ? HAVE THESE BEEN RECALLED?UNTIL FURTHER INFORMATION IS POSTED ; Amazon , I am shaking my head in disgust and surprise ...
 This tray is horrible . It is hard to stick on the seat.The directions say not to lift the seat up when you are putting it on but there is no way to do that without lifting it ! It is also a tight fit if your child is chubby . It presses against my sons stomach so we do n't use it .
 The first time you use the tray , it seems to work great - until the tray is pulled off . The tabs that ` lock ' the tray onto the front piece strip out way too easily and the tray is pretty useless at that point . They need to have a better design to lock the tray into place.In other words , a total waste of money . The entire purpose was to have a surface to place toys and other things on , but when the tray keeps falling off , you may as well just place your items in baby 's lap .
 I really wanted to love this tray as my daughter enjoys sitting in the Bumbo seat , but it is so difficult to properly attach to the chair . I have properly assembled the tray -LRB- and heard the `` click '' after putting the two pieces together -RRB- , but attaching the tray onto the chair is extremely frustrating . The tray goes over the hump in the front of the seat and then slides under the chair . This is the part that is impossible ... my tray does not easily go under the seat . I wind up trying to lift up the chair which is dangerous considering the baby has to be sitting in the chair when attaching the tray . Awful design . I still use the tray since my daughter likes sitting in the chair and playing with toys at easy reach -LRB- as she is not yet capable of sitting without support -RRB- . However , I wind up not properly attaching the tray -LRB- only leave it loose hanging on the hump -RRB- and she can start to take it off . She is always supervised when in the chair -LRB- and the chair is always on the floor -RRB- , but I wish the tray worked properly .
 I do n't think it 's essential but the one star is mainly because it 's VERY hard to put the tray on and take it off while the baby is in it . Oh , and last , I saw this tray at wal-mart the next day for $ 10 and I spent $ 17 here -LRB- dumb me ! -RRB-
 I would love to use this thing , but it does not stay secured . I put it together first and installed it just as the directions showed , but it just does n't seem to fit properly . I do n't believe I installed it incorrectly but I wo n't give up on it because I love the convenience of the Bumbo !
 Like other reviews of this tray , I love the Bumbo seat itself , it 's just this tray that leaves a lot to be desired . My 4 month old grandson was able to dislodge the tray the first time it was used . There 's just no way to secure the tray . Big dissapointment .
 It 's a great idea , but poorly designed . I found it awkward to put on , so I rarely used it . However , when I made a concerted effort to use it , my daughter was able to pull up on the tray and snapped it off within two weeks . Do n't waste your money .
 First let me say , I LOVE my bumbo chair ! I thought the play tray would be a nice addition to the chair . Boy was I wrong . It 's hard to get on and off so you would n't want to remove and replace each time you put baby in/out . It is so hard to get the baby into the seat with the tray on and even harder to get him out ! His legs get stuck when I lift him up and the whole seat is dangling by his legs . I hate it . He cries every time I take him out . This thing went straight to the trash after 2 days . It should clip on and off easier so you can take it off each time you want to get baby in or out .
 I agree , this product is not worth the money . It is hard to get onto the seat at times and is easily pulled off . When I finally get the tray onto the seat , I like the fact that it provides a surface for toys but you can easily enjoy your bumbo seat without it .
 I was hoping I could use this tray when I started to feed my daughter solids . The tray and the stand are two seperate pieces . They have a tendancy to separate , and they do n't attach to the bumbo very well . My daughter can easily knock this off the bumbo . Big disappointment . Get a high chair .
 Ok someone tell me what all the fuss is about . This tray is good for one thing - setting toys on it . You do n't need it for feeding since any babies in this are too little to feed themselves . It is a pain to get on and off and you need 2 hands to do it . We all know having to use 2 hands to do something is a pain when you have the baby on your hip ! You ca n't leave it on when you get baby in and out of the bumbo . I just do n't get it - do n't spend money on this .
 Man Bumbo , I 'd be willing to pay an extra five bucks for a QUALITY tray . The one you 're selling now is JUNK!The tray would be PERFECT if it stayed put and was easy to attach . My 4.5 month old can easily take the top of the tray off . I read somewhere that the top of the tray snaps into place if you work with it , but I have n't found this to be true.Great idea , just needs to be improved .
 The table sent to me was actually a different version than what is pictured . I had one like I was sent this time before that broke very easily so I was thinking I would be getting something different since the picture was different . The table I was sent was clear and has a plastic piece that attaches to the bottom of the table and helps connect it to the seat . This piece is very easy to break or misplace since it does n't really attach well . Also I could have bought the clear one that I was sent for $ 5 less from Babies R Us .
 I want to first say that my daughter and myself LOVE the Bumbo . Everyone should have one for their child!We had also purchased the Bumbo Play Tray and it is USELESS ! My seven month old was able to pull it off and it would not secure in place . What 's the point of a tray if your child can take it off ? At first I was thinking , `` well , maybe I did n't properly install it '' but after my husband looked it over , we still had the same problems . I 'm very disappointed with the Bumbo Play Tray .
 This tray is a good idea in theory , but if your child is like mine , they will be able to easily remove the tray . It does not lock into place .
 This comes in two pieces
 I thought this tray would be the perfect accessory to my bumbo seat ... Although it is nice for my baby to have a tray to play with his toys on or eat snacks on , I would not have purchased this knowing what I know now.Pros : * I like the fact I have the option to have a tray on my bumbo seat for my babies activities * It 's plastic , so it 's easy to clean * It 's hard & Durable and not easy to breakCons : * The price they charge for this cheap piece of plastic is not worth it 's value * It 's difficult to attach to the bumbo seat ... The top part attaches to the piece in between the babies legs , and there 's a hook that latches to the bottom of the seat to secure it in place . You literally have to squish the seat to get the bottom latch on . Therefore , can not do it while baby is in the seat . This is a problem since it 's very difficult to get baby in the seat while the tray is attached , especially now that they have the safety belt . You need tiny hands to squeeze in between your baby and the seat belts with the tray in the way in order to buckle him in . It 's just not worth the hastle ...
 Not only is it very hard to attach , it does n't stay put . At times it feels dangerous to use . I am afraid my child will lean on it and it will fall off .
 Let me first say that I love the Bumbo seat design . However , because of the design , you have to put your baby in the seat before you can attach the tray . -LRB- Or at least I do in order to get his legs in the holes -RRB- I find that the tray is very difficult to attach , especially with a baby in the seat . You have to tilt the seat back a little to get enough tension to snap the seat on . I 'm always afraid I 'll lose my grip and he 'll go tumbling backwards.Also , the first time I put the tray on , my little guy 's arm got caught under the tray . The squishy material of the Bumbo helped cushion his arm , so he did n't scream his head off when it happened . While I like the Bumbo , I 'm less enthused about the tray .
 My baby never stayed in his Bumbo seat for more than a minute . So I purchased the tray hoping to prevent him from getting out . Yes , baby gets locked in well , however , instead of climb out from front , the whole thing flip to the side . Risk of getting baby hurt is even much higher now . Waste of effort for me .
 The first tray I received was defective ; the base piece was warped to the point that it did n't fit into the tray . Amazon responded quickly , sending a replacement by FedEx overnight . Unfortunately , the plastic below the slot on the second tray cracked when I attempted to push the base into it . I 've used the second tray anyway and have had no trouble securing the tray to the seat . I 'm unhappy with the product , but it 's not worth the hassle of returning another one , especially since there 's little chance the third one would be any better made .
 I first got it and used it a few times . It was perfect for my son and he loves it . Then one day the tray pops off . Then I try and put it on again and 2 min later it is off again . The plastic under the open tab broke and it will not secure in place . They need to make it better . I even tried to superglue it . It did not work . Maybe if I superglued it at the begining ... But then there is a safety issue . I just hope they make a better one soon !!!
 Did n't use the try much ... but we loved the Bumbo for our son between 3 months - 6 months ... great and handy to use .
 I bought this tray because I have a bumbo seat . It is quite difficult to put in and take out the tray from the seat . I only use a few times , not value to buy this product .
 Nice product - I like the chair and my 41/2 month old enjoys playing with toys on the tray . It 's sleek , and clean looking - not an eyesore as so many baby-gear products are . However , the tray is tricky to get on and off . Since you need to remove the tray to get your child in and out of the seat , I would have eappreciated better ease with the tray removal . For this reason I do n't often use the chair , because my little one does n't like to sit in it for more than 20 minutes at a time . That 's just too short of a period to have to mess around with the difficult tray . The chair alone is OK , but so much better with a tray for baby to have toys on . I was hoping to use it as a `` beginner '' high chair since my son is pretty small for his age and would n't yet fit into standard high chairs , however I am having second thoughts due to the cumbersome tray removal . Because of the high price of the combination of these two products , I am only rating this as a `` 2 star '' . Luckily the tray itself was n't too expensive , however I really needed the two together . I will probably choose something else .
 We use this tray for our four month old 's toys to keep him busy in his Bumbo seat , and in that regard it has been useful . However , the tray makes the leg holes pretty small , making it difficult and awkward to put the baby in the seat and even more difficult to lift him out . His legs usually get caught on the tray . Since you must snap the tray in place before putting the child in the seat and can not safely remove it while a baby is sitting in the seat , we have had no other option that to struggle with it , or not use it at all .
 This tray works ... but it is really hard to put on and take off when the baby is in the chair .
 I was excited to get my tray . However , after I snapped it together , I realized it does n't go onto the Bumbo easily . If you slide the top part over the middle hump , then you ca n't get the bottom part underneath the Bumbo to lock it in place . And you have to take the tray off to get your baby out . So you have this struggle to get the tray on and off every time.Once you get the bottom part underneath the Bumbo , it will stay in place and work well . However , be prepared for the frustration of getting it on and off .
 I purchased this product since my daughter would repeatedly throw her toys on the ground and then cry . I hoped this would help keep this from happening . However the sides of the tray do not go as far back as I had hoped and she continues to throw her toys onto the ground . I would 've been better saving my money and getting a high chair .
 Fabric is nice and soft but zipper broke the first time we used it . Very disappointing . The fit was fine , so we still use it to get our monies worth
 I bought this when I had my second child . I was hoping it would give me some support in my back while nursing . Sure , it offered support , but with it around my waste , I could n't fit into my glider ! I 'm very petite , 5.2 and 120 lbs . My chair is rather comfortable . The only way to use it was to rest one side of it over the arm rest.Another major negative - after nursing , I could not put the baby back into the crib because the front of the pillow got in the way . So I had to hold the baby with one hand and unbuckle the pillow with the other . If this was n't enough trouble , getting the baby out of the crib with a pillow already buckled was impossible because of it , once again , getting in the way . And try to hold the baby with one hand and buckle the pillow with the other ! Yikes.I went back to my Boppy and used a regular pillow behind my back . Brest Friend is not so user-friendly . .
 These mesh feeders are messy , but there is no way to feed a 6 month old that is n't . I ended up throwing these out after I was unable to completely clean banana from the nets . I replaced the Munchkin brand mesh feeder with the Sassy brand . The nets are removable , thus cleanable ! Sassy also sells replacement nets .
 My son did n't like this very much . It seemed very cumbersome to put a piece of fruit into the net . Often times the fruit would be too small and it moves around in the net too much and hard for the baby to eat it or the fruit would be too large and it wo n't fit into the net . I almost have to cut it up perfectly so it 's snug and baby can get to it easier .
 My son started teething about 2 months ago . So far I have only put ice chips in it since he is only 6 months . He really does not care for these at all . He looks at me like I am crazy when I give them to him and he is really not a picky baby . Not sure if I will ever put anything but the ice chips because it would be really messy .
 Good concept , but very messy ... not only when the baby is sucking on it , but afterwards , trying to clean it is a nightmare . . I tried it with fresh banana today for the first time , and spent over half an hour trying to scrub out the fiber ! Not very practical ...
 I thought these sounded like a good a good idea but it turned out to be completely weird . You put food in the little net and then the baby is supposed to chew on it and suck the food out . However my kids all found it strange to have the net in their mouth and nothing we put in these made the kids want to use them . We threw them away shortly after purchasing them .
 These are so incredibly hard to clean that I 'm at my wit 's end ! I 've been using them for about a month and it 's kind of insane how much time I spend cleaning them out - before AND after I put them in the dishwasher ... GRRRRR Munchkin needs to think before they put giant fabric seams in a fruit-containing product . Please re-design this with a plastic cage , Munchkin !!!
 I 've tried offering this to my baby several times beginning at 6 months . She is now 9.5 months and still wo n't use it . I put banana in it , her favorite food and try to show her how to use it to eat it . But she is just not interested . She did n't even really want to play with it as a toy . Also the price they are charging here is too high . I found it for several dollars less at Target .
 I gave my 6 month old some frozen sweet potatoe in this but she was more interested in chewing on the handle , it made a mess and was very difficult to clean . I will follow suggestion of other reviewers andwary again when she is 9 months . Tho I do n't know what I 'll do about the cleaning mesh problem .
 The name is `` pack of two '' , the product came in only one . Customer service explain the description is `` pack of 1 or 2 '' . Does it even make sense ?? Randomly receive 1 or 2 for the same price ? This is ridiculous.Plus the feeder came in with poor quality . Do NOT buy !!!
 I agree with others who say this is impossible to clean . I used it with grapes , no problem . I then tried bananas and literally ca n't get it clean . I hand washed it , then stuck it in my dishwasher inside-out . Still not clean . There are black pieces of banana stuck in the mesh . I threw it away . With the remaining feeder -LRB- it came in a 2-pack -RRB- I guess I 'll stick to grapes , apples , pears . Definitely no bananas . What a disappointment . Would never recommend this product .
 I bought 4 of these for my son who is teething . He loves them but it takes me 20 + minutes to clean out the cracks . Then I go to get one to put some food in it and I STILL find little food particles in there . I was concerned because of that and threw them all away .
 Our son liked squishing banana out of this , however it only gets one star since it 's impossible to clean quickly . Baby products must be easy to clean fully or they do n't get used . Preferably they should easy to take apart and load in the dishwasher . I stood over the sink for 10 minutes plucking banana fibers from the mesh . That 's a nightmare scenario for a baby feeding tool .
 my son is 10 months old -LRB- has 11/2 teeth , lol -RRB- and likes to eat fruit , veges , meat , etc. . . he likes it when we put bits of food on his high chair tray so that he can pick them up and eat them himself . i thought this would be a great product for him but he never really took to it . he tried it once or twice and just gave it this weird look , like what is this ? -LRB- even though he 'll put almost anything else in his mouth -RRB- he 's used to eating real food so he 's probably not willing to put up with the thick netting to get to the real food.by the way , after buying this at this ridiculous price on amazon , i saw the SAME EXACT 2 PACK at target for $ 1.39 !!!! I could n't believe it . sometimes target just has random items for super cheap prices . since this product has such great reviews , i did get a couple for some of my friends . it seems like a good product for little ones who are just starting out on solids . so maybe for 4-6 month olds .
 Yes , I read all the reviews saying that these are impossible to clean . I thought
 When I first bought the fresh food feeder I was so excited to have my daughter try it out . I washed the two feeders in the top rack of the dishwasher before use and then took them out to dry . Before I went to use them I was straightening out the bag and I noticed that the edges around the seam fray and little pieces of the mesh come off . I , unfortunately , will be returning this product to the store because of this flaw .
 I 'm in agreement with the other reviewers that these are way too difficult to clean . There are banana bits that seem impossible to dislodge from the seam and around the ring ! I also just read a review that this product has n't even been fully tested to meet requirements for California Prop 65 , which alerts consumers to potentially harmful products . Yes , Munchkin claims the product is BPA-free , but there are other unhealthy additives in plastics . Combine that threat with the fact that some of the other parents who have noticed the possibility of ingesting small threads from the mesh and it 's just NOT WORTH THE RISK !
 Okay , anyone that comes to my house will quickly see , I 'm not a neat freak . Not in the slightest . These were so messy ! I know , I know . It 's kindda the deal , but I just did n't realize how big a mess it made . Plus , stinker just did n't get into it . He 'd rather mash it into the floor than suck on it . Maybe he was too little ? Dunno . But these are going in the trash . They just seem like a good place for germies to live . I could n't really get them clean . Seemed like they always had a little old food living in them . Kindda like a old kitchen dish cloth . Bleh !
 I 'm amazed that this thing can not be taken apart to be cleaned properly ! After using it once I will be throwing it out . It is impossible to thoroughly clean ! I would n't eat out of it and I certainly would n't let my baby!I 'm going to get one that can be taken apart .
 I bought this product for my daughter when she was younger . At first , it seemed like the greatest thing every . She was able to gum on all kinds of fruit and some freshly cooked meats.After a few uses , I decided that they were not worth the money . My daughter loved having strawberries in this product . However , the strawberries are extremely difficult to clean out of the mesh . After about 4 washes , one of the meshes started to tear apart.This product is a good idea , however I will wait for improvements before buying again for myself or a friend .
 This worked pretty well the first time with my 6.5 month old - he seemed to like it and was able to get a fair amount of banana through it . However , the mesh nets are not replaceable on this brand , unlike on some of the other brands -LRB- Sassy , Nuby , and BabySafe feeders -RRB- . This is a major problem because eventually you will want to replace the net . It is just too hard to clean out all the goo since the net is permanent . I attempted to detach the net by pulling out the little plastic locking ring , but now it wo n't reattach fully . I think you 're better off with one of the replaceable net systems . Also , a cap would be nice for on-the-go .
 I tried this product with my first daughter & thought it was a fabulous idea . The feeder is a pain to clean & a mess when juice from produce collects . Just give your child a sugar free popsicle or spoon & bowl or let them dig in to the snack with their gums/teeth and fingers . Lesson learned .
 I was so paranoid about my first child choking to death , we got these but eesh . So not worth the trouble . I 'd rather just sit and watch him eat than mess with the half hour of trying to clean these things out . Think the dishwasher would do it ? Nope . Do n't waste your money , these suck .
 The concept is great , but after one use you are unable to clean it properly and who has time w/a small child to be repeatedly cleaning this thing . I would not recommend this to a friend although I loved the idea . I tried rinsing immediately after use but there was always food stuck in the mesh ... ran it through the dishwasher . . still food in the mesh . . tried pulling it out by hand . . still food stuck in the mesh . My baby is past the age of using so I have no need for it anymore but I hope someone has come out with something more practical that does n't require a ridiculous amount of effort for one use .
 This is by far the worst feeder bag on the market . It is impossible to clean , unlike the brands where the bag can be removed . Try the Kid Co. . Baby Steps . The bags can be removed for thorough cleaning which means you can buy new ones if they start to look worn . Feeders are a great idea to introduce new flavors to babies without the risk of choking . You can also make cold `` teethers '' with frozen breastmilk . Highly recomended , just not this brand .
 my son would not use this . i 'm assuming it 's the texture of the mesh he doesnt like . he liked chewing on the handle more .
 I bought this because I thought it would be great for my daughter to be able to feed herself frozen bananas . She really did n't like using it , but my issue with it is really trying to clean it . After she was done , banana was in the seams of the cloth ... it took forever to clean !! I have n't used it again because I 'm not 100 % that all of the banana actually came out .
 Found it hard to open and close . I know it 's not supposed to open easily fort safety , but thought it could be designed better . Other companies make these so I would suggest trying one of those .
 While initially we loved this product -LRB- our 7 month old went to town on some orange and banana -RRB- , we have now thrown all of ours away.Put simply , we could not get them clean . I soaked them . Washed them . Scrubbed them . Put them in the dishwasher . All for naught.Tiny bits of food particles still clung to the inside of the mesh . Gah.The amount of time I 've spent trying to get these suckers clean just is n't worth it . Good luck .
 First , the netting is too long . My daughter tried to suck it into her mouth and ended up gagging on the netting everytime . Also , the seam on the netting is very thick and the overage on the netting inside makes it difficult to clean . This product is reasonably priced and looks cute , but the last thing I want my daughter associating with fruit is the gag reflex .
 These NEVER comeclean . Scrubbing , dishwasher etc. nothing works . The Sassy teethers with the removeable and replacement bags are much better .
 I bought this thinking that baby will have a way to feed himself because he wants to eat/drink by himself . What I got was a horrible mess , food allover bay 's hands -LRB- I could have left him with some babana puree to figure it out with the same results -RRB- . A royal pain to clean it as well . Will put it in the trash .
 It was so disgusting and messy ... and horrible to clean I should not have bought this and would never recommend it .
 This thing gave my baby a rash on the face . It is also IMPOSSIBLE to clean , fell apart and I ended up just chunking the whole thing in the garbage .
 I was so excited to try this on my 4.5 month old baby girl on the same day I received this feeder . But my girl does n't like it at all . When I put it in her mouth , she immediately throw it out . I guess she does n't like the cloth like texture.When I try to clean it up and save it for future , I found that it is impossible to clean it completely . Some food color dye on the mesh permanently . I guess that is the reason they make the mesh in different color to try to hide this issue . I am sure those left over food color will become bacteria . I decided to trash it right away . I am not sure what I will do with the second one as I am not going to recommend my friend to use it .
 Great concept , but I do not like these . They are hard to open -LRB- which I realize is good for the child , but I still do n't like it -RRB- as well as near impossible to really clean .
 Smell it after you use it . Even though thoroughly washed after use , it smelled like a dirty sponge . Smell before you give your child . YUCK
 Things I liked about the feeders :1 . My daughter enjoyed feeding herself2 . Feeders could be refrigerated with the food inside to use while baby was teethingThings I disliked :1 . Hard to clean -LRB- pieces of food would stick to the inside of the mesh despite hand washing and dishwashing -RRB- 2 . Pieces of the mesh would come off in baby 's mouth -LRB- the inside seams are loose making it easy for the mesh to come apart -RRB- 3 . Messy -LRB- food slobber would drip down my daugther 's mouth and get everywhere , making for more cleanup than finger feeding -RRB-
 It took over 30 minutes of non-stop scrubbing and rinsing to clean remnants of banana from the non-removable mesh on this teether-feeder by Munchkin and later I noticed additional spots which needed more scrubbing . The way Munchkin 's mesh pouch is attached to the plastic makes it very difficult to clean that top edge of the mesh . Someone recommended I try the Sassy teething feeder -LRB- also available through Amazon -RRB- which has a removable pouch , and it only took a few minutes to thoroughly clean it of all traces on smashed banana . Now the munchkin feeders , both the one I had used and the unused -LRB- from the twin pack -RRB- are going into the trash !
 These are good in theory , but I found them difficult to clean . Food would get into the hinge , and stuck in the mesh . I found it was easier just to serve chunky purees with a spoon . This is a great way to introduce independent feeding .
 These things turn into awful black mold factories if you put bananas in them . You literally can not get out the black old food stuffs . No washing will cleans these . Try the plastic versions .
 This worked alright for one use . I fed my baby a banana and he seemed to enjoy it and did okay with it . Unfortunately , no amount of washing by hand or in the dishwasher will remove the banana remnants caught in the net . I had to throw it away .
 My infant son loves eating grapes and other small foods with this product , plus he likes to chew the teething ring handle . However , it takes me so long to clean it , I 'm ready to throw it away . I even tried to wash it in the dishwasher and there was still food stuck in the seams , soI had to spend another 10 minutes trying to get more pieces out . If you do get this feeder , I highly recommend NOT using it for bananas , then you will spend about 30 minutes cleaning it out !
 I bought this item because I thought it would be a fun product for my baby to use . It was just too messy to be worth anything . My daughter found it difficult to get anything out of the product and it was difficult for me to clean afterwards .
 We bought one of these Muchkin Fresh Food Feeders from Target and it worked OK the first time we used it . My daughter loved ` eating ' with us at dinner time and there was no concern for her chocking on the apples we gave her ... but after that it was all downhill . These feeders are fairly hard to open , and since it 's not a screw closure you have no way of tightening it less or more . Secondly , the mesh bags do not come out of the feeders so you 'll be hard pressed to ever get all the food bits cleaned out . I would soak our feeder overnight and still not be able to get all the left over food out of it . We have since boutht the Sassy brand feeders and they are much better . The mesh net comes all the way out and is much easier to clean . Plus , you can buy replacement nets so you can get rid of them as often and you feel comfortable with . In the end I will only use the Sassy brand mesh feeders and have thrown out my Muchkin feeder .
 As a first-time mom I was paranoid about my child choking on things , so I thought this would be the answer . Well , my daughter only chewed on the handle , so it did n't work as a feeder.As time went by and I have learned about babies learning to eat , my fears about choking have been alleviated and I have found that this is a totally unnecessary item . We still have them kicking around from our firstborn , but have n't used them with our second child.Sit them upright -LRB- no leaning back at all -RRB- and let them chew and try things . Save your money on these and buy a good board book to read together instead .
 These are a brilliant concept but a poor execution . I bought these for my teething 5 month old , and threw in some banana pieces . Bad idea . These things are impossible to clean , food gets stuck everywhere . I tried cold mango too , same results - 3 times through the dishwasher , soaking and scrubbing can not remove all the food bits . And I 'm not super paranoid about germs , but that just seems unsanitary . Another brand recommended cleaning with warm water , vinegar , and alka seltzer , so I 'll be trying that - but in the meantime , will NOT be putting fresh fruit in these.That being said , I do make and freeze my own baby food , and a cube of that is messy but provides neater cleanup of the product , so it 's not a total loss.Will I buy these for my next baby ? God no . Not untill the design is revamped and I do n't have to spend hours picking little banana bits out of the seams .
 We got one of these feeders free with our Munchkin food mill . The first time I put bananas in it , I was delighted with the performance , but the cleaning afterward was awful . I soaked it , scrubbed it , put it through the dishwasher , and scrubbed again . I could not get the banana fibers out of the top of the mesh , and ended up throwing it away.I did love the mesh feeder idea , so went back to the store and found the type with removable mesh parts like these : Sassy Teething Feeder , Colors May VaryI recommend these instead because you can buy new mesh bags and not have to replace the whole device .
 Have n't been able to get my 8 month old to use these . Have been trying for a few months . Love the idea , but she wo n't touch them . I tried them too , and ca n't blame her . The taste and feel of the mesh is not very pleasant .
 I LOVE the idea of this product but the material makes it very difficult to clean out . My son loves chewing on cold peaches and bananas etc but no matter what we have tried they all mash into the netting making it a 25 minutes task of scrapping it clean with my fingernails and a pipe cleaner . I threw them out after 2 washes from frustration .
 I knew several people that used these and loved them , but they were more of a hassle for me . I put in a few different foods to try and all of it ended up being mush in a sack.My daughter would try it , lick it then toss it on the floor where it would squish all over the place . And do n't get me started with cleaning this nasty thing . GROSS!In theory the feeder sounds great but functionally its gross and traps food in places . blah ! : -LRB-
 My husband and I both tried and tried - it was impossible . Now it 's become a chew toy without anything inside to chew . Oh well .
 We received a set of these as a gift and began feeding banana pieces to our daughter -LRB- in the little mesh baggie -RRB- when she was about 8 months old . She seemed to enjoy squeezing the banana out through the bag and was eating the majority of what we gave her , but the mesh is impossible to clean . We ultimately threw these out because we could not get food particles out of the things . This is the second disappointing food-related product we 've gotten from Munchkin -LRB- snack catcher is the other one -RRB- . Can not recommend this .
 I bought these when my son was 4 months old . we tried them out once then and then again when he was 6.5 months . They are impossible for me to clean . I gave him half a banana in it and he loved it . He screamed if you took it away before he was done eating it . When trying to clean them I got so frustrated because I 'd have to rinse out as much food as i could then I 'd have to let it dry so i could get all the rest of the food out before I would wash them again.We kept them for now but we bought another brand that has removable mesh bags . Those are way nicer and easier to clean
 I purchased a different brand of this type of item from my local babies r us store . That set I loved so much ! We went on vacation and in a hurry , I forgot to pack them . I purchased these , and while they were a lower price , they also suffered in quality of use . These particular ones snap open , which is convenient , but the mesh liner is not removeable and is difficult to clean if you do not do it right away.The other set that I purchased had liners that come out so they are easy to change and buy new ones .
 the mesh does n't remove and after placing in dishwasher 3x the gunk from the banana is still there . I threw it out after one use . DO NOT BUY !
 the fabric texture was not loved by my son ... we used it only the first time , it is not really a `` love at first sight '' ...
 My son used his a couple times . The only things we tried it with were avacado , strawberries and banana . It was impossible to get clean . I mean impossible . I loved the idea of being able to give him fresh fruits and veggies but honestly I found that mashing things up and feeding them to him with a spoon to be much easier .
 It worked well with a bananna and our 7-month-old son seemed to enjoy it . The problem came when it was time to clean up . Little bits of bananna got stuck in the netting and in the seam where the netting meets the plastic ring . 5 minutes of scrubbing under warm water and I was still finding bits of bananna stuck in there . Not worth the effort .
 I purchased this item from a target near home . after reading all the rave reviews about it i was super excited to test this out with my little one . I put some apple in it and he didnt seem to like it so i figured it was a bad idea to start with apple . . and went to switch to banana however when i opened the clasp i pulled out the apple and noticed there was blue plastic embedded in the apple like another reviewer mentioned !!!! I paused and figured maybe i didnt clean it enough . . so i did that for a long time . . but the fibers would still come out of the seam under pressure ... so i tried biting it myself to see if maybe the bits of plastic would stay put or pass through the mesh . . and they came out of the mesh !!!! i was so frustrated.i would definately NOT recommend this to anyone . . even if it is only `` a little bit of plastic '' i personally dont think its safe and think that they should remove the seam altogether .
 After i ordered and paid for this item , in Amazons order summary confirmation email , there was a warning that one or all of my 12 items may be subject to California 's Prop 65 law , but it did n't tell me which one - annoying . I had Amazon call me and got great customer service from a guy who looked up every one of my items and found that this was the one subject to Prop 65 . He sent me a return label so i could send it back for a refund on their dime . great service!Prop 65 makes manufacturers tell consumers -LRB- in california -RRB- that there are potentially harmful/toxic substances in their products.Needless to say , i was shocked that this would be in baby gear especially from Munchkin , as they are usually bpa-free etc.So , be warned , as this is the last thing i would put in my baby 's mouth !
 We had misgivings about letting our baby chew one of these , but we finally gave him some apple in the Munchkin feeder . When we removed the apple from the mesh bag -LRB- when he was finished -RRB- , we noticed pieces of blue plastic embedded in the apple ! The pieces were small enough that they could have gone through the mesh . I do n't know how much plastic our baby ate , but we certainly wo n't be using these anymore !! Unsafe at best .
 With each baby , I bought this product by Munchkin . The first time I threw it away after 2 uses , realizing that after all my efforts some food had stayed around the ring . The second time ... I forgot which product I 'd purchased . I threw it away after one use . A couple of weeks ago I bought the `` Baby Safe '' version also available on amazon and I love it ! Ok , it too requires some special effort to clean but it breaks down in a way the munchkin doesnt allowing better access to the ring for cleaning AND allowing replacement ` mesh ' Buy the ` starter pack ' with 2 rings and 2 extra mesh . Love , Love it . The whole family can sit at the table to eat and when I need my hands for myself , my son has the Baby Safe Feeder and jsut about any juicy food I want to put in it .
 The Sassy is better on both counts . It holds more food and the mesh is removable for easier cleaning and replacement .
 These items have a great concept especially for teething ; HOWEVER , they are a one-and-done product . They are impossible to completely clean even with scrubbing with a cleaning brush , throwing in the dishwasher , etc. . The mesh is irreplaceable . If your child likes them , use a silicone feeder .
 I like the idea of the product and their competitor has one thats better because the mesh part is disposable in the other one . Thats the only problem with this one . You can wash it in the dishwasher or by hand , but its still a little unclean and unsanitary . Otherwise its so great for feeding baby and he can hold it very well , but being a mom of 5 , I have tried everything and the one with the disposable mesh is alot better
 This product has been slammed by paediatricians , lactation consultants and speech therapists . Using this product distorts the way a child learns to chew , process lumps and swallow food . Further more , allowing a baby to graze using this product -LRB- essentially chewing on a cud -RRB- will lead to tooth decay . The only purpose this thing is good for is allowing a baby to suck on ice chips when teething , and even then they can get the same effect from chewing on a teething ring . Not worth it . Not recommended at all .
 This is a great concept but by the time my kid could chew the food through , he developed teeth to chew through the mesh . This was fun because it helped us experiment , but it was better to mash the food in a bowl and serve with a spoon . I would n't recommend to anyone honestly . It was a great concept and had potential , but falls short in my opinion .
 I have hand scrubbed , machine sanitized and stood over the sink picking tiny pieces of week old banana out of the folds of mesh on this thing . Still not really clean . I could give it to the baby . But in the back of my mind , I 'd wonder if some food borne bacteria has made it 's way into my little man 's food . Not worth it .
 good idea but my baby does n't like it ~ and it 's very hard to clean , hard to open , i think i 'll not buy it again ~
 good idea but my baby hated the net . It is also very messy . Also , it was a little overpriced online compared to instore prices .
 My 6 month old LOVED this thing , but it was a NIGHTMARE to clean . No matter how much I tried there was always bits of food I couldnt clean out of the mesh . I wouldnt recommend this to anyone
 I have a couple of these that I 'm about to throw away . The concept is great , but food gets stuck along the seems and I ca n't get it clean . I have to soak and scrub and then soak and scrub again . The product says it 's dishwasher safe , but it does not get clean at all . Other companies make a similar product . Do n't buy these !
 after using it one time there was a hole in the mash and the other one is really hard to open . i dont recomend this brand !
 I saw the rave reviews , and liked that I would n't have to worry about my 6-month-old daughter choking . I 've used it once , and I 've decided I do n't like it . The baby really enjoyed chewing on it , but the stupid thing is impossible to clean . I still ca n't get the pieces of banana out , no matter what I try . It 's not worth the hassle . I 'll just stick to tiny cut-up pieces of soft food , and let her feed herself that way .
 My son LOVED eating out of these . We tried oatmeal , bananas , and apple . However I was never able to fully clean the mesh , which is not removable , despite considerable effort . That , unfortunately , makes them pretty useless . I also have concerns what kind of dye was used to color the mesh . There are several similar products where the mesh is removable . I 'll try one of those out next .
 we got this as an introduction to fruits for our 18 month old but he doese n't like it hes weird out about it and rather eat the fruits alone then use this ... it was pointless to buy it because hes never wanted to use it totally afraid of it .
 my daughter hates these and wanted nothing to do with them ! they are not easy to clean either and your options are pretty limited as to what you can put in them . bananas are pretty much the only thing that makes sense to put in these feeders . the netting was a huge turn off to my daughter . i do n't blame her . the texture of the netting is not appetizing and would deter me to eat from it as well .
 I thought it 's a good idea to introduce finger food to my baby by starting with this fruit feeder . However , the material of the mesh was not soft enough -LRB- at least for my baby -RRB- and kind of hard for the little one to take a bite . He only put it into his mouth once and never wanted it again . I still give it two stars because he still play with it sometime and will chew on the holder part of it as a teather , so two stars for being a teether instead of a complete waste .
 My son did not like these also the netting came apart . They are also hard to open .
 I ordered what was displayed in the picture I received the PINK color ! This is not acceptable as this is intended for a baby boy .
 My baby that loves to suck on my hard apples and carrots and whatever I feel is safe with supervision , did not like this product at all . She will not use it . All babies are different though , it just did n't work for us.Mom of 6 month old
 The idea sounds great but it is not very functional . I used this product a few times when my daughter was first eating real food , and it made a big mess . I put banana and avacado in the mesh baggie , and I could never get the mesh clean . Food stays in it and gets nasty , you can not get the food out of the mesh . Bits of food stay in the mesh FOREVER . You 'd be better off just spoon feeding little bits of already mashed food and save yourself the cleaning .
 Hard to open , and the bag can not be removed for cleaning . Getting the food residue out of these things is difficult . Who wants to feed baby yesterdays dried on banana/pears/peaches etc. . Buy the very similar Baby Safe feeder instead , it has removable bags , and easily but securely screws on and off .
 I have three of the Munchkin Fresh Food FeedersMunchkin 2 Pack Fresh Food Feeder , Colors May Varythat I purchased to use when our first baby started asking to eat solids -LRB- there were no silicone versions at the time -RRB- . They worked beautifully , but were a bear to get clean . The fabric mesh holds food particulate in the seams that was nigh impossible to remove completely.Enter the Clevafeed.Clevamama ClevafeedI love the silicone bag of the Clevafeed ! This eliminates the food-buildup issue of the older style and is so easy to clean and sanitize . The silicone bag is also completely removable so that every little nook can be completely cleaned . Awesome ! The original concept that allows and encourages babies to start trying solid foods in an improved and easy to clean design . I will buy more of these!Thanks for reading , I hope this review was helpful !
 I was another one who thought others were just whining about the cleaning and bought them any way . Used them once , gave it about 10 minutes of my time trying to clean them and then threw them away . Waste of money . You would have to hand pick every tiny particle out of it to be able to use it again . Ca n't think of many parents of six month old kids that have time to do that !
 I think these things are awful to wash up ! I used them for bananas and it took forever to try and clean . I just threw them away !
 After using this twice for about 10 minutes each time , my baby had an awful rash all around his mouth . We identified the rash as atopic dermatitis and set about identifying the offensive item that was setting him off ... After a few weeks of eliminating foods and other things , we figured out this was the culprit . Too bad because it 's such a great tool .
 I did n't buy our mesh feeder from here , but did want to write a review somewhere to warn other parents . The pin in the hinge falls out after a few months of use , at least . I kept trying to jam it back in and it kept falling apart as our child used it . I turned around 2 days ago and he had the pin and both pieces of the feeder in his hands . The pin is a plastic long piece that could cause a choking hazard . Be warned to not buy this particular feeder . I am trying to find the company 's website to write to them about the issues . Our son loved using the feeder so I am going to find another brand that is safer .
 We have twins and this product is great , or so we thought . Keeps both babies occupied for 20-30 mins , which is a lifesaver for us ! The greatest drawback , like most reviewers is it is the pits to clean ! After one session of banana , hard scrubbing by mom , a run through the dishwasher by dad , and now we 're soaking in some heavy duty oxy type cleaner ... they 're still not clean !!! You 've got to be kidding me ! This product needs a serious rethink . Parents , especially parents of mulitples can not spend their day scrubbing this product clean.It is great in concept , but horrible for real life use ! I 'm glad we received these as a gift , because I wo n't be buying them again , life is too short !
 I like the fact that my son can eat different things on his own with this but it is very difficult to clean since you can not remove the netting .
 I have tried to give this to my friends babies and they rejected it . Then I tried it for my baby she rejected it too . I tried this product it multiple times with multiple options - with ice in it , strawberries in it , or banana or carrot in it . Nothing attracted her to use it.Completely rejected to eat from it . I guess taste and Texture of mesh was little weird for her.Anyway did n't work out for us .
 I have 9 month old triplets and I bought these when we were getting ready to start finger foods . Bananas and a lot of other finger foods are so slippery that I thought these would do the trick . At first , the handles were a little too heavy for little hands , but even if they got the hang of that ... these are impossible to clean!They say they are dishwasher safe , but they did n't get CLEAN in the dishwasher . I tried handwashing them , but it is nearly impossible to get all the caked on food out of the netting , especially close to the handle because you ca n't pull it all the way out . I tried soaking them in hot , soapy water . No go . I finally threw them away . I 'd rather have bananas on the floor then try and get these things clean .
 It was great to use and my son loved frozen fruit in it . Wow , it was impossible to clean so I threw it in the trash.Nuby 2-Pack Nibbleris easier to clean and you can replace the mesh if you need to .
 Purchased this bag after getting tired of heavy tote diaper bags , but did n't want to spend a lot for diaper bag # 3 . The bag looks good for the price , but it 's not much better than a basic backpack that you have lying around the house . The changing pad is small , but I liked that it was compact . I thought the changing pad had a pocket on the pad , but it is a separate clear plastic bag . The front zippered pocket is useful for small lotions , tissues , spoons , and bibs . I could also fit my large wallet in there . Mesh pockets are cheaply made , very large , and a bit rough . Bottles will fall out if you are not careful , but they are convenient for putting other items because they are so large . You could fit two bottles in one mesh pocket and more . The straps are rather thin . All in all , the two strap backpack style was not good for me because I live in cold weather and it was hard to put on over bulky coats . I will go with sling style . The bag fits a lot and expands into a ball when stuffed , which does n't make it good for everyday use when I prefer a sleeker , more comfortable style . I think it could make a great bag for airline trips , but again you could also use a regular backpack .
 If you have kids -LRB- and I suspect you do to be buying a diaper bag :-RRB- , you 'll be bending over a fair amount , and would probably appreciate a backpack that does n't disgorge its contents onto the sidewalk when you do so . If that 's the case , do n't buy this bag , as there 's no way to get it to close securely because of the placement of the velcro . Even if you cinch it with the ripcord thingie , if you use the handle to grab the bag , the velcro will open . If you leave the ripcord open , it 's even worse . It 's just a terrible design and negates any positives about the size and features of the rest of the bag . I wonder if the makers of these products ever read reviews ... it seems like they could very easily redesign the top flap and make a decent bag , but as it is , it 's very frustrating to use .
 I love me a good deal , but I was n't pleased with this backpack . It is made out of cheap material and the zipper gripper thing broke after just one use . It comes with a cheesy `` cell phone holder '' which is a joke , and also includes two plastic pouches that happen to be quite stinky and -LRB- to me -RRB- useless . One of these also had a small hole in it . I also would have appreciated more pockets or dividers inside to sort things like bottles , diaper supplies , my stuff , etc. . As it was , most of our goods just had to float around in there . That being said , it is what it is and it did convince me that a backpack style was the way to go - no more flying off of my shoulder every time I have to lean over to catch my 1 year old!I recently upgraded toJeep Trend Sport Back Pack Diaper Bagwhich I got for about $ 30 on -LSB- ... -RSB- , and am much happier with this purchase . It is similar but of much higher quality , with lots of pockets and room to sort/organize - and probably just as light . It also has those handy clips that attach to a stroller . Do n't waste your $ 10 when you can spend an extra $ 20 for a much better product .
 When I recieved this in the mail it was in a plain white box , not original package . The stickers on it were worn and cracked , the inside toys were DIRTY and looked chewed on . I 'm pretty sure I was sent a ` floor model ' when I paid for a new one . I am returning it.Other then that I did n't like the toy . The seat that folds down would not go back up properly . My 14 month old could easily get her fingers smashed because of this . The handle on the back pulls out very easily . The wheels barely rolled on my carpet .
 I was very excited about this soap and the first time I used it I was very impressed with the smell and lather . It was n't until I tried to rinse off that I noticed a very soapy residue on my skin . I had to wash all over again with another body wash to get it off . Maybe its a bar soap thing but I just could n't do the residue/squeky feeling
 send me the wrong soap -- send me the lavender thing instead of the original order like in the photo coconut & papaya soap . that 's mis representation , who would do that ? that 's illegal . will be returning ASAP .
 There are many different Nubian soaps on Amazon . I thought that what I had ordered was unscented , but I received Lavender and Wildflowers . Due to my allergies , I will not be able to try this soap out and will have to give to a friend . If you like Lavender than you will probably like this scent , unfortunately anything with a scent causes me to get a migraine . I was hoping to be able to purchase a shea butter that was unscented ... guess I will have to continue my search .
 We bought this car seat -LRB- and the snap 'n go -RRB- based on good reviews -LRB- not the ones listed here -RRB- . It did not meet our expectations . I give it 2 stars just for the safety of it . Otherwise , I have a hard time finding positive things to say . It is way too heavy . Our baby was 7 lbs + and from his early days , it was heavy to carry around . Now that he is almost 20 pounds at 5 + months , it is nearly impossible to carry him for any length of time . The adjustable strap often gets stuck and we really have to tug to make it work . On most grocery carts it is too big to have it face towards you as you shop . When you do clip it on to the cart , the front end is suspended in the air . I just put it sideways which is a pain . Also , the handle bar is built to be easier to carry ... I do n't agree . It is still awkward - I end up hooking it under my arm . Lastly , to put the handle bar up and down is very difficult . You have to squeeze the taps on both sides and really push hard to get it to release . I 'm sorry that I do n't have any others to recommend . I had hoped to like this and am just suffering until he does n't need the support in the grocery cart -- that is really the only reason I still use it .
 My son is 4 months old , and he has already outgrown the seat . Well , I should say he has outgrown the straps.He is not overly large for a baby at 16lbs . His height is n't even that much over 50 % for his age . Even with nothing on but a romper , the straps are so tight around his shoulders and the strap between his legs is so short that I feel like I 'm going to break him just keeping it all together.I know this seat got a great rating when safety testing - it 's why I purchased it . But they could not have possibly actually testing its safety with a typical 6 month old .
 I own three car seats and this one is the most difficult to operate
 I got this car seat with the travel system and I thought it was very cute and easy to move in and out of the car . It was great when my baby was very little -LRB- 0-3 months -RRB- , but she is now just over 4 months and we can barely fit her in the seat ! The belts are so tight they smash her shoulders and most of the time can not even slip over her shoulder properly ... they fall to where they are around the side of her upper arm !! She is not a particularly big baby . She weighs about 16 pounds and is 26.5-27 inches . I was very disappointed that I was unable to use this car seat as long as I hoped . I would suggest that , although pricey , your best bet is to get a convertible car seat such as the Britax Roundabout , because it is safe , convertible and will hold a child until she is 50 lbs ! Do n't spend your money buying something that will be useless in a matter of months !
 Issues with this product from day one was not new as stated and was missing some parts of the product as advertised .
 I have 3 month old twins and every time we have to go out using these car seats I get frustrated with the design . The dual clips mean that you really need 3 hands to get it done up properly . The problem may be that I have cozy liners in with the car seat , however , I live in cold Alberta and these are a necessity in winter , and the seat should be able to accomodate that . Also , my biggest frustration is that the triangle shape of the clip means that it digs into my babies ' thighs every time we do it up which means we have to jostle them around to get them into a position where it is n't going to hurt them . Once the babies are in the seat , you have to dig around underneath them to even find the clip . The nice thing is that they easily attach to the base in the vehicle and are relatively easy to remove , though the release should be in the rear , not in the front wedged up against the seatback of the vehicle . A single clip into the middle would be my suggestion for the harness , not the two clip system . Overall , I would never buy this again , nor would I recommend it to anyone . I have 6 kids , but my other 4 used a different seat . I thought these items would improve , but it seems they were designed by a clueless engineer and not someone who has to use it in real life .
 Do n't buy ! While the triangle design on the handle is nice and the fabric is stylish , I was really disappointed overall in the car seat . I would n't recommend purchasing after the trouble . First , the straps are way too short , and I do n't have a big baby at all . By the time the baby was 3 months old , the straps are fully extended and I 'm squeezing the buckles together to get him in , never mind if he 's wearing any kind of sweater or fleece bundling suit -LRB- because it 's cold outside , after all ! -RRB- I called the manufacturer to see if there were longer straps to purchase and was told that I 'm not supposed to be putting any outerwear clothing on my infant when he rides in a car seat as it wo n't allow for the straps to be secure . Really ? And they claimed this was the NHTSA guidelines . Could n't find that anywhere on the nhtsa.gov / Safety/CPS site . So , now the baby is 5 months old and only 14lbs and he 's outgrown the strap lengths . And if this were n't enough , the plastic piece that attaches the canopy to the seat has broken -LRB- and not from improper use -RRB- . When I asked about this , they told me that this is a part that the manufacturer wo n't replace as it involves removing the handles to replace . This is probably a safety liability on their end , but it means that now I have a perfectly good canopy with no way to attach it on the car seat . While it does n't diminish the safety value of the seat , it sure decreases the convenience and performance of the seat . Again , I 'm upset . And lastly , the buttons to lower the handles on the seat are incredibly stiff . It makes me less likely to lower the handles on the seat once snapped into the car since at the angle at which I 'd be trying to push them in , it 's near impossible . I have to stand directly over the seat and seriously grip and push -LRB- several times -RRB- before they finally depress enough for the handle to lower . All in all , it 's an annoying seat to own . Do n't buy it . I had a Graco Snugride with the last baby , and I 'm really wishing that I had it again .
 With our first daughter we used a graco travel system . I was n't overly impressed with anything about it and with our second daughter we were looking for something a little sturdier for better peace of mind.Unfortunately , our daughter is SIX WEEKS OLD AND DOES NOT FIT IN THIS CAR SEAT . She is in the 95th percentile at 13 lbs . Yes , I have loosened the straps as much as they will go . As of right now , I am barely able to squeeze her into it . I ca n't even put a sweatshirt on her or she will not fit . It 's December in Massachusetts , and now I am shopping for a new car seat for our six week old . Unless you have a very tiny baby , do n't bother with this seat . What a horrible investment .
 I purchased this seat because of the safety factor that Consumer Reports reported on . In comparing the seat to Graco Snugride , however , I am very disappointed on the tough , very dense foam on the low back/sacral region of the seat . The foam goes down to a certain point on baby 's low back , and then disappears , leaving a dip for baby 's buttocks . Just imagine sitting in a recliner with support only down to the low-back region -LRB- with buttocks not supported -RRB- ... not comfortable . I wonder how a baby 's backside would stand up to a traumatic jolt in that seat ... well , I 'm not going to take any chances . Baby Trend should have consulted a Physical Therapist -LRB- like me -RRB- before designing this seat .
 I have a 12 week old and in that short time , the mechanism that allows the handle to rotate forward and back -LRB- carrying position to `` in the car '' position -RRB- has failed . Since the product is under warranty I called Baby Trend and they would only help me if I sent the car seat back to them for repair . Obviously , if I do that , I will have no means of transportation for my baby . I would need to buy a new car seat , which defeats the purpose of having it repaired ! I spoke with the head of the customer service department who refused to send a replacement . I do not advise buying this or any other Baby Trend product that you can not afford to lose for a few weeks to have repaired .
 I bought this car seat after trying it out at a local retailer . By trying it out , I mean I carried it around and found that I liked the triangular handle -LRB- very ergonomic -RRB- and saw that the height could be adjusted with the turn of a knob . I kept it in the box until the day came that I had to bring my new son home from the hospital . It was then that I found some fatal flaws in the engineering of this product that prompted me to return it the next dayThe LATCH clips were easy to use , but the strap to tighten them comes out at a right angle compared to the way it goes in . What this means is , that a point comes where you ca n't tighten them any more even though you can see the slack that is still present on the strap . If you ignore that fact , you will find your base is still rather loose , enough that with the car seat attached , the whole thing can tip with almost no pressure.Once attached snugly , the seat clips in easily . Taking the seat out exposes the other engineering defect . In a rear facing seat , why would you put the base release in the front of the seat -LRB- aka the side where the baby 's feet stick out -RRB- ? If the base is properly attached -LRB- which read above and you realize that most people are not able to install this base properly , then that means the front of the car seat -LRB- where the feet are -RRB- is right up against the car 's seat leaving little to no room . To release the infant carried , you have to snake your hand into the very small crevice separating the car seat from the Car 's seat . the base release -LRB- used everyday -RRB- was moved to make room for the harness height adjusitng dial -LRB- used once every 6 months -RRB- -RRB- ...
 For our second child we bought this car seat -LRB- previously had a Graco -RRB- to fit into the matching Sit N Stand double stroller . Wish I found another seat that also fits , even if it wo n't be the same color . Great safety ratings , the triangle handle looks weird but I thought was comfortable , and easy to clean . However , it is very difficult to move the handle back -LRB- which you 're supposed to do for safety -RRB- once you put the baby in the car . It takes a few tries to get it to move and is a real hassle . The strap length is n't very long either and my baby only weighs 13 pounds.I agree with other reviewers and would not buy this again despite the convenience of fitting well with my new carriage by the same brand -LRB- which I love and highly recommend -RRB- .
 This mobile is very , very cute ... unfortunately it does not fit all cribs . I have a 3 in 1 convert . crib with the thicker bars and this mobile is designed to only fit the smaller bars . If you have a crib with smaller rails buy it ! It is so cute ... just wish it worked for me .
 I bought this two years ago at BabysRus , and there were two rubber ducks in the package . I purchased this for my friend 's baby shower couple weeks ago and there were no rubber ducks in there anymore . It still shows that comes with rubber ducky on the description . I am very disappointed as I was expecting this rubber ducks the most.Please fix the product description ...
 I bought this at the store because the sales woman said this was an excellent product for newborns . I 've used it with my 1 month old and must say I disagree . The general scent of the shampoo is nice , but the lotion is overwhelming especially for a newborn . Newborns smell lovely as is , so I do n't think there is any need for perfume overload .
 uh its kinda cute it comes with a few washes mine dident come with that foam book thingy and i dont like the smell the smell lingers and the case does not hold alot good for travel makes a good small diaper bag hold about 2 premie size diaper a travel size wipes a nursette type thing of formula and nipple and pacifier but thats bout it by gerber comes with more
 The fabric 's adorable , but there 's no `` pocket '' for the fitted sheet . That is , they used the least possible fabric to create the bottom sheet , so it just covers the mattress but does n't tuck under it . My squirmy toddler ends up working it off the mattress every night in his sleep .
 I was really disappointed when this came in the mail , and am sending it back . The colors are really muted . It looks like red in the picture , but the red is a pink/mauve color . The comforter is extremely thin . The sheets are cute , but I 'm just sending it all back .
 My toddler picked these out and was so excited for them . They are super cute but that material after being washed and dried is so stiff and scratchy . Very disappointing .
 The chart came all wrinkled because of the packaging and when I put it up it tore . Waste of money .
 The design is thoughtless - if you want to put it on the wall to accurately measure height , you have to cut off the bottom `` Zone '' portion .
 Positives
 Although we were in love with the pattern , the comforter was was soft at all , hard around the edges and the bumper started to rip . Would not buy it again.Laura
 we bought this for my grandaughter to sleep over and even though the bottom is in tight the whole rail can be leaned out easily far enough for a small 3 or 4 yr old to get stuck in ... our mattress is really thick so only aboout 8 inches sticks up past the bed and it 's still wobbly ... I bought it on line and now have to spend alot to return it ...
 This product broke and is unusable after one use , unfortunately we did not realize it was broken until we went to use it the second time -LRB- on vacation -RRB- and now we are long out of our return period .
 I ordered this product thinking it would keep my 1 year old from falling out of bed while we were on vacation . He & I had to share a bed and I was worried about the open end by him . I put the bed rail together exactly as the instructions said and hooked it up to the bed , between the mattress and box spring , per instructions . We both went to sleep and I was awoken in the middle of the night to my baby falling out of the bed . The bed rail simply swung out of the way , doing nothing to stop him from landingon the floor . I do NOT recommend this product !
 Very dissapointed that advertising and listing for this product did not state NOT FOR USE ON TODDLER BED , after I received item , this was clearly stated on outside of box . It is very time consuming to re-box a product and ship it back . What a hassle . . could have been avoided had it been advertised properly . Thus , I did not assemble the product as it is not appropriate for my daughter 's toddler bed . I am required to submit a rating in order to submit review , therefore rating it with a one , which is unfortunate , as the listing error is not the fault of the maufacturer but the party responsible for specifying and listing the product . BLUNDER a Shame . !
 My son is 2 going to be 3 in April , and since he was born he has slept in our bed and then in the `` playpen '' bed next to mine . Now that he is going to be 3 I am trying to get him into his own bed in his own room . I bought this rail for that reason . Everything I read about this one made me think it would be perfect for us , with the height and length of the rail . I received it in the mail today and it was extremely easy to instal on his bed , I had it done in about 10 minutes . But thats about where my happiness stops . # 1 its so tall on his bed that I might as well put him in a crib , it isnt made where it folds in half so he cant even get in and out of his bed on his own . # 2 its very flimsy , if he was to attempt to get out of bed on his own it would collapse on him and he would fall . My husband came into the room to see the rail and he gave it alittle shake and it started to work its way out from under the matteress even with the strap support in place.The only way this bed rail would work properly is if it was on my king sized bed so that the matteress is heavy enough to hold it in place which completely defeats the purpose of buying the rail in the first place . We havent even used this rail overnight yet and I have already printed out the return label from Amazon to get a refund.Not at all what we expected in a rail .
 It light of the recent banning of drop side crips , I feel that this bed rail should also be outlawed . With even the slightest pressure , the rail leans outward creating an alarming gap between the rail and the side of the bed . My toddler would roll toward the rail and immediately fall into this gap , requiring my assistance to dislodge her . It did n't take long for me to realize what a danger this rail creates . Please do n't purchase this bed rail .
 The mesh is very flimsy on this product . Our son has put several holes in the mesh w/in weeks of installing it . One of the holes is large enough for him to crawl through it . Needless to say , we are in the market for a new bedrail and hope to find one that is more durable .
 I bought this for when we transitioned my daughter from her crib to a twin mattress . I returned it after trying to make it work for a few weeks . No matter what we tried , we could not get the rail to fit snug enough to the bed ... there was always a gap . The metal bar that goes across through the middle pushes against the mattress and creates a gap . We always had to stuff the gap with blankets and even then I felt that it was hazardous if my daughter were to get stuck between the mattress and this bed rail . It got to the point that my husband and I both thought that it would be safer for her to fall out of the bed than to get stuck at night inbetween the mattress and bed rail . We returned it and have n't missed it , she did fine with just putting a row of pillows along the edge of the bed ... thankful for the free return , but wish I saved myself the trouble and just used pillows in the first place .
 I bought two of these for my three year old , who we were transitioning from her crib to her `` big girl '' bed . We got one for each side of the bed . They were easy to assemble , looked nice -LRB- for bed rails -RRB- , and were easy to fold down . The only issue for us in assembly and general operation is that they are so tall in height that when we fold them down they do not lie flat against the side of the bed because the height of the rail is taller than the space from the floor to the hinge on the rail.When we assembled the products , there was an additional metal bar included -LRB- you can see it in the picture of the product at the height of the mattress top -RRB- , which the instructions clearly state is not to be used unless you have an unusally tall mattress . Otherwise , you are told to omit the bar . We do not have an unusually tall mattress -LRB- the instructions gave a specific height and we missed it by several inches -RRB- so we omitted the bar.Last night was my daughter 's first night sleeping in her bed and all went well . Tonight , however , I heard the frightening thunk of my daughter hitting the hardwood , followed immediately by her cries . It appears she slipped between the upper bar and without the additional bar the mesh was inadequate to hold her on the bed.Thankfully , she seems fine . I located the metal bars that were supposedly only for the tall mattresses and inserted them immediately because I do not think there would be a way for her to slip out with those installed . Please beware when assembling this product to consider including these rails even if you do not have a tall mattress .
 Do n't buy this if you have a pillow top mattress ! It only ends up coming about an inch or so higher than the bed . It certainly does n't look like it would keep your child from rolling off . And maybe its just our mattress but it does n't even seem to be tight enough to the bed to be safe . For example , it may prevent your child from hitting the floor but they would probably end up between the rail and mattress . If you even gently push on the rail a large space opens up between it and the bed . I now have to return this product and would n't recommend it .
 This is a great car seat for newborns and very young infants , but if you do n't want to turn around and spend another $ 200-300 as soon as your little one reaches 4-5 months , then do n't get it . I have last year 's model , which is only slightly smaller with a 20 pound weight limit , but the same holds for this one because there are very few changes . The seat is narrow , which is great for a newborn , but the height limit is 26 inches , and our not even 4 months old , 12 pound skinny and tall daughter is too tall for it , so we have to get a convertible seat to accommodate her height . If you are a new parent , please do yourself a favor and start with a good convertible seat for infant-toddlers . Britax makes the Boulevard that adjusts from 5 pounds to 65 pounds , and at $ 300 versus $ 229 plus $ 300 in four months , you 'll save in the long run . As much as I like this seat , it 's safe , fits easily in the car , and snaps in and out of the base easily to transfer to the stroller , I would have rather started with the convertible from the get go and saved myself $ 229 to spend on diapers . I echo another reviewer , live and learn .
 I bought this with the stroller and an additional base for our 2nd car . Very expensive and already our 4.5 mo old is outgrown it . The fabric is not breathable either and she sweats a lot in it . The hood is also very short and does not give much coverage on the carseat ... it 's also very heavy and not very easy to load and unload in the car . One other thing ... I 've noticed other mommies can rock their babies in their carseat but this one does not rock very well at all .
 We have a Peg Aria Twin Stroller that we have been relatively happy with , but I have been very disappointed with this car seat . We bought it because we got a good deal on it which is my only comfort . The crotch strap is too long , making the shoulder straps too short . I find that you have to adjust them everytime you put baby in or out . This is our third child , and we have never had to do this before . The book also indicates that it can be used with the Aria Twin , but neither manual says how . I asked at a baby store and the boy informed me that the Peg system does n't rely heavily on `` snapping in '' and that I would basically just be resting the carrier on the stroller . I have seen it done by others in the mall and I would not feel at ease with this . -LRB- We have had the same problems as other people with an awkward handle release and poor hood design . -RRB- I am not unhappy with the width of the carseat , but I did remove the headrests and strap covers before he was born -- in our experience these things cause more grief than comfort . We will definitely be looking to other brands when he out grows this one -LRB- at about 5 months of age -RRB- .
 I went by the reputation of the Peg Perego carseat in choosing an infant car seat , but I wish I had spoken to more parents . Although it 's an attractive car seat , convenient for taking a sleeping baby out of the car , and worked well with the stroller system , my daughter outgrew it by the time she was two months old . The seat is narrow and she often seemed cramped in there . When putting her in , there was not a way to keep the straps from falling under her , which meant fussing with her to pull the straps out from under her . The material was not breathable , and she was often sweaty when we got her out , even after a short 15 minute car ride . We eventually purchased the Britax Marathon ... wish we had done it in the first place .
 I really like the weight , color , safety ratings and package of the Peg Perego infant seat and stroller , but there are a few drawbacks . The infant seat has low height and weight maxs , the handle is a bit hard to move and the latching into the stroller takes a bit getting used to , but the biggest drawback is needing the base to use the car seat . When the Grandparents want to take her out , or friends offer to drive , they either have to use a different car seat or we have to move the base -LRB- a pain -RRB- . My daughter loves the seat and the strollers , but in retrospect I probably should have gone with Graco - at least the car seat .
 I bought this car seat to match my Perego Venezia , and am extremely dissapointed . After everything I heard about how wonderful Perego merchandise is and my own experience -LRB- the Venezia is excellent , and the Prima Pappa highchair is a dream -RRB- , this is quite a let down . My son was born 8lb 10oz at which point he fit quite nicely - without the newborn cushioning ! Now at 4 months and almost 18 lb , he has outgrown it . He overheats in it as the seat is so narrow , and is uncomfortable after more than a half an hour , not able to recline more comfortably . I would reccomend the Graco Snugride for a first timer , and at this point we are moving into the Britax Roundabout . I 'm sorry to leave my Snap 'n' go this early in my sons life though simply because the car seat is just too small . Perego needs to update itself some more in its car seat department !
 We have been using this car seat for 6 weeks now and I wish I had n't picked it out because of its name . It 's not very comfy for him . I always have trouble opening the canopy without it comming off the back . The straps do n't pull out easily and I always have a hard time with my sons arms . I do n't have trouble getting it out/in the base . It 's very light weight .
 I bought this because I got the primo viaggio stroller . WRONG idea , just because it matches , I should have been smarter than that ! My baby gets very cranky in it , it sits up too high , so her head gets stuck forward while I am driving which is very alarming and the baby wakes up pretty upset , making choking noises . The only thing I like is how tough it seems , and when she 's already sleeping , and we 're shopping , I do n't have to pull her out of the car seat-I just snap it into her stroller and she 's pretty good from there.I would n't recommend this to anyone , there are a ton more with better features !
 As with most safety related baby merchandise , we purchased our Primo Viaggio based on its excellent review in Consumer Reports . My guess is that the folks at CR never tested the seat with an actual baby in it . Our 3 month old cried constantly whenever we put him in this seat . Normally he is a very happy , mellow kid . He is always smiling and happy . But as soon as we put him in this seat , he begins to fuss and by the time we are pulling out of the driveway he is in full wail . For the first couple of months , we did n't even think to attribute it to the car seat . My wife would even put off or completely avoid trips in the car because she felt so bad about how uncomfortable he felt . We happened to have an extra , unused , Graco car seat laying around and one day we decided to give it a try to see if it made any difference . WOW !!! . It was like night and day . We put him in that seat and he smiled away . I should also mention that the Graco seems to weigh about half as much as the Primo . Now car trips are filled with the pleasant sounds of his happy burbles instead of the anguished cries we heard while he was in the Peg Perego .
 i am a new mom of a 4 month old boy . we got this car seat based on no experience with children . i liked the way it looked , and all the car seats looked the same to me , anyway ! our son hates this car seat . he cries almost every time we put him in it , i suppose because it is not comfortable for him . he is only 15 lbs . and already seems to be too big for it , even though it is supposed to go up to 22 lbs . it is awkward and heavy to carry . live and learn , i guess !
 I bought this pump in desperation while my daughter was sick and would not nurse for several feedings in a row -LRB- we were out of town -RRB- . I own another manual pump - the Avent Isis -LRB- and use it successfully -RRB- , but did not have it with me . On the box , the Medela Little Hearts pump is listed for `` occasional use '' , so I thought this pump would fit my situation . I paid $ 25 . This pump comes with : - 1 breastpump - 2 5 oz . bottles with lids - 6 CSF bags - sample of PureLan lanolin - 4 disposable bra pads - 1 breastfeeding guideThere is nothing at all I liked about this pump , other than it was one of the lesser expensive manual pumps in the store . I ca n't believe Medela puts their name on this product.Pros : NONECons : The breast shields are hard plastic with no flexibility - you have to firmly hold it against your breast while pulling the `` pump '' handle in the opposite direction . Not only is this an awkward position , there is no way you can keep up this motion smoothly more than 5 or 6 times in a row ! A turkey baster would have been easier . I found that the parts leaked milk while I was pumping . Also , milk spilled out if I did not hold onto the breast shield with the same force as when I pulled the pump handle outward for each cycle . There are 3 settings for the level of suction -LRB- Low , Med , High -RRB- . Med was the most comfortable and smooth , however barely expressed any milk . High was more comparable to the force of a baby sucking , but was difficult to use smoothly -LRB- as described above -RRB- . After pumping , it is simple to unscrew the bottles and store them . Most other brands of bottles and lids were interchangeable with this pump and their bottles , since I have quite a variety already . Washing the pump was a little difficult , as water gets inside the pump `` handle '' if you wash the whole thing at once , and you ca n't get inside to dry it . I did not discover how to take the handle off easily , but if you want to spend more time when you wash it , you probably could . Overall , the quality of the pump parts was very low , so you get what you pay for.All in all , it was a miserable experience and I would never buy this pump again - not even if you are only planning to use it occasionally . It may be useful if you only use it once a month to pump off a few cycles before feeding your child . Otherwise , spend the extra $ 20 and get the manual breast pump that is designed to be used in a comfortable position . -LRB- ... -RRB- I contacted Customer Service yesterday , and they agreed to ship a new Medela Little Hearts pump , on the off chance that the store where I purchased it would take a return on a sealed package . -LRB- It is most stores ' policy not to take back breast pumps for hygiene reasons -RRB- . Customer Service for Medela was not able to issue any type of refund , since I did not purchase the product directly from them . They also stated that satisfaction is not guaranteed on their products , which is true . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This pump was refered to me by the hospital where I had my first son . So since I got it and used it . My breast hurt worse using this pump then when I was engorged . It was one of the worst experiances . I was under the impression that this was suppose to help with day to day with a new baby . I connot recommend enough to NOT use this one . I am know expecting again and looking for a pump . I know that I will not go by hospital recommendation again .
 LUCKY FOR ME I DID N'T PAY FOR THIS PUMP BUT THE HOSPITAL GAVE IT TO ME . I COULD ONLY GET TWO DROPS OF MILK FOR EVERY TEN PUMPS . WHAT A WASTE OF TIME . YOU WOULD FIGURE THE HOSPITAL WOULD KNOW IF THE PUMP WORKED .
 I bought this pump because it had the medela name and I thought it was reliable . I was wrong . This is the worst pump in the world . Everything the other poster said is true . This is the worst breastpump . I would NOT recommend this breastpump to anyone .
 I bought this pump in an act of desperation when I left my Lansinoh manual pump at home . I use it now in case of emergencies at my office . Every time I have difficulty maneuvering the pump , or see how little milk I get per pump I remind myself not to ever forget my other pump again . It 's uncomfortable , a workout to work and hold the pump in place . The only bonus is that the samples of breastpads were really nice . I 'm still a Lansinoh girl , but the pads are excellent and I would recommend those .
 I got this pump at the hospital and it just did n't work for me . I only got a few drops with it . I know everyone 's different and it probably works for some people , but I just could n't make it work . Maybe if someone has an overabundance of milk to express , it would work a bit better . The Avent Isis worked great for me , though .
 Just as the other mothers have stated , nothing about this pump is beneficial . It was given to me by a lactation nurse , but it was more trouble than it was worth . Only once was I able to pump more than one ounce -LRB- it took almost an hour -RRB- , and I hurt so much afterward nursing my son was agonizing . I only needed it occassionally , but this was such a waste of time I bought the pump in style , which is amazing.This is not comparable to the more expensive Medela pumps , so if you want something that works with little discomfort , invenst in the pump in style or similar model . Do n't waste your money , even if it is cheap !
 My wife and I are pleased with the finished product -LRB- temporary storage of diapers , clothes , etc. for just over $ 20 -RRB- . But , asssembly was ridiculously difficult - both mentally and physically . The tried to make it simple with color coding , but they fell short with the parts list . Parts should have been referred to by number instead of by name , but the the worst 2 offenses was some of the wooden dowels were grossly misrepresented in size in the parts list . I spend 20 min looking for parts that appeared to be 1 inch long , but in fact were more like 10 '' long . And the wheels took all my 6 ' 1 '' 230 lb frame to install . We like other Munchkin products but not this one .
 First off , it took over an hour for me to put it together . The screws did n't line up with the holes , and one of the wheels still wo n't go in all the way so I ca n't even roll it around like I need to - it just sits in the closet . Would not recommend to anyone .
 I honestly can not believe what a piece of junk this is . The dowels that hold the main frame together are not pre-drilled , and if you pre-drill them yourself -LRB- if you even own a power drill -RRB- , the screws just strip regardless . If you drill the holes large enough to make the screws not strip , it wo n't hold the frame together . This product is literally impossible to put together . If by some miracle you do manage to technically put it together , I can not imagine it ever having the capacity to hold ANYTHING without collapsing . Please , please save yourself the headache and just skip this one !
 At the time my son was born , we were living with my parents and did n't have much room . I thought this would be an economical use of space and money . Yes , you can store quite a bit and it does n't take up a lot of room ; however , the wheels were always falling off , and after a few months it just fell apart . We eventually had to get something sturdier , so it was a big waste of money . If I can prevent one person from buying this piece of crap and wasting their money , I will feel better that at least someone was able to learn from my mistake .
 I recieved this product as a baby shower gift , if I had n't I would have returned it . It was hard to screw the metal rods together . It took me a couple of hours to just get the rods screwed together then put them and the woodenn dowels into the fabric . Then , when I tried to put the wooden rods on the outside I could not screw them to the rods and dowels in the fabric . I finally had to take it to my dad 's house where he had to use his electric screwdriver . I gave this product two stars because of the fact that once it was all put together it is pretty sturdy . It is definitely not easy to put together like the box said which is why this product does not deserve a higher rating . Please do not buy this product with your own money , if you get it as a gift and decide to keep it make sure you have an electric screwdriver .
 This product is shoddy to say the least . It 's the only thing I 've ever bought that was n't worth the time and effort to even put together . The screws do n't line up with the holes , there are no pre-drilled holes in the wooden dowel rods and the cloth material of the cart is of extremely poor quality-paper-like . There was also ink on the material that smeared when touched . After an hour of fighting this thing during assembly I chucked it all . Actual carpenter skills and tools should not be required to assemble something like this.I 've never seen such a poor quality product . I would rate it at less than a star if possible .
 Well , my wife saw this at the store and thought that it would be a great thing for us to get . I 'm guessing that she did n't look at any ratings on the internet before buying . This is such a piece of junk ! It took the both of us over 30 minutes to put it together and at first it was n't even put together correctly and we had to start all over . The directions are worthless and none of the parts fit together correctly . We had 4 screws that would not fit onto this cart because the manufacturer drilled holes several millimeters off from where they should have . The cart is SUPER wobbly now -LRB- it would still have been had all the screws fit -RRB- and the cart will not ever stand up straight . The cart always has a lean to it . Some of the fabric was dirty when we got this and the fabric is ripping in several places . I would take this right back but I 'm too lazy since I spent 30 minutes to an hour putting this piece of junk together . If we were not putting this in our daughter 's closet I 'd seriously be afraid that this would fall over and smother her . DO NOT BUY !
 It 's good to store baby items and have easy access . Since it does n't have solid base so expect it to sag when you put too many things in it and it 's quite wobbly too . The wooden rods that support 1st and 2nd shelf slide out after awhile . They should just sew it shut then it wo n't slide out . Now since my baby turns toddler I ca n't use it as before to store folded baby clothes , diapers , powder and lotion cause he 'll pull everything out . Since it 's wobbly he can topple the whole thing . So now I use it to store his toys and books which he 'll still take out .
 The pieces in my set were mislabled such that putting the organizer together did not work according to instruction -LRB- it was n't my error , either , lol . My engineer husband verified that the instructions and the labeled pieces did not match -RRB- . Nothing was pre-drilled , and assembly was difficult even discounting the incorrect labeling . Once correctly assembled , the organizer was very unstable and ` rickety ' , for lack of a better word . Munchkin , Inc. refused to any remedy unless I completely disassembled the item and emailed them video proof of the mislabled product . Given my extraordinarily pregnant condition and knowing that it would take even more time crawling around on the floor to disassemble , I passed . I 'll chuck the organizer and wo n't be giving Munchkin , Inc. any more of my business . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I liked the idea because it could hold alot of the basic necessities for a baby . But I have a few complaints about this piece . First off , it said `` Easy to Assemble '' ~ it would have been easy had the screws actually fit into the metal rods properly . The tips of the metal rods were crooked/slanted so it was really hard to get the screws in . A couple of the metal screws supplied were even the wrong size and had to improvise with what we had at home . One of the base legs started cracking when I placing it to its corresponding top leg . And the kicker after all that , the cart was slightly crooked .
 We spent hours trying to get this item together , with no luck . The holes do not line up and the pieces broke while trying to put it together . We have bought numerous `` make it yourself furniture '' and this is the only piece we could n't put together without breaking it . Not worth the time trying to put it together . We never did get it together . It is now in the landfill .
 The baby care cart looks great in the photo . I figured for $ 20 , we could have something to use and then toss for 6 months . Sadly , 72 hours after it was put together , it has fallen apart . It 's a serious safety risk to be around a child , nevermind a baby!Poor qualityScrews do n't line up with the woodWood will warp within daysDoes not hold any of the products it needs to , -LRB- too flimsy ! -RRB- Buy another organizer , this is n't the one you want .
 I always read reviews and think that people are being over dramatic . But this product has really made me really take other peoples advice . This product is so hard to put together ! The screws are too small for the holes required . The metal is cheap and the wood is as well . It took me two and a half hours to assemble !! My hands were hurting from forcing the screws into the holes ! Do n't buy unless you have time to get frustrated !
 I just got this storage unit and I must say that putting it together was AWFUL . The screws do n't fit/line up with the right holes and the directions are crazy . It took my husband and all his strength to get the screws in as far as they would go . I have a toddler running around , and I am concerned about him scratching himself on one . I placed it in the room so the side with the bulging screws is to the corner.That being said , it seems like a great idea . I have put all of my supplies for my coming baby in the cart . It 's small enough to be out of the way , but large enough for tiny baby things . Once the baby gets bigger ? Who knows what we 'll do with it ...
 Waste of money and time in assembly . This product is poorly constructed and screw holes are not even the right size for the included pieces.Do not bother with this item , try Ikea for a space saving solution that is of better quality
 Munchkin makes two versions of this cart . This one and a deluxe version . I bought the deluxe first for my changing area and its been great . Only took me a few minutes to put together and has held up well . I needed a temporary place to store some of my older son 's clothing so I went to buy another . I could n't really tell the difference between the two versions at the store . From the picture it just looks like this one is missing the diaper holder . So I bought it to save $ 10 . Boy am I sorry . This one is terrible to put together . It took me 45 minutes of frustration and power tools before I gave up and let my husband finish it . And I am pretty handy with these things . It 's just okay now that it 's assembled . It holds the clothes and when his room remodel is finished I 'll probably toss it . Where the deluxe one will have future uses , just snaps together and it overall a MUCH better product .
 This cart is nice because you can wheel it around the house and we placed it in our living room next to the portacrib , but it can not hold much weight -LRB- the photo is misleading with all that stuff stacked nicely ! -RRB- . I would probably not get this item again if I went back in time.If you 're looking for some guidance on what you should buy for your baby registry -LRB- vs. what you can live without -RRB- , visit AllMomsArePerfect.com and look under `` preparing for baby . '' It 's got tons of down to earth advice for those that like to be prepared when baby comes but do n't want to do all the research on every single baby product .
 This item sells for $ 22 elsewhere . Why would you spend $ 58 when it is n't even that good according to the reviews here ?
 since 14 February , made '' the purchase of the product and the date the product has not reached its destination . I would like to know where I can not complain or where I can request the return of money or product .
 This product should be taken off the market . The holes do not match up which means the screwdriver that the directions said you would need must be electrical so that you can drill your own damn holes ! Needless to say the cart went back in the box and is still sitting there . It was the worst $ 22 I ever spent !
 I got this as a gift on baby shower . To be frank this might be my first product which looked so simpler but is one of the toughest to assemble together . I have assembled many furniture items so far but this one really tested my patience.I wonder what manufactures of this product had in mind when they made each of the piece so difficult to assemble . It could have been much simpler and I am sure it would have been a good product . Quality of the product material is fine for the money but just because of the poor assembly , it looses it 's value .
 The cart itself is adorable but it is not sturdy in the slightest and is incredibly difficult to put together . Some of the wood pushes into itself and wont go in all the way without a little hammering which scuffs it up . I would not buy this ever again .
 I bought this product from Target for $ 25.00 to put in our daughter 's nursery . The image on the packaging made it look like a great item , but do n't be deceived.The pros
 To me it is not worth the money spent . . it does serve its purpose . . holds things ... but it 's crooked when I look at it from the side ; wobbly
 My father-in-law which is very handy and had tools a driller put this together . It 's NOT easy to assemble . It took him over an hour because he had to dismantle it and put it back together . We almost gave up and took it back . The instructions are n't clear and the holes on top did n't match screws . Also color parts and instructions were horrible . It 's wobbly after all this work and assembled correctly . I did n't look at the reviews before I bought , which I should 've . I just needed some extra storage along with my dresser . I 'm using it with light things but it 's fragile . Save your $ and buy something worth it .
 I purchased this cart because I thought it was reasonably priced around $ 20 . I was just looking for a simple organizer for the nursery . The pictures are deceiving because it looks like a sturdy cart , but the legs are made out of cheap wood and come in two pieces per leg . The quality of the canvas material is poor ; the sewing is haphazard and not even in straight lines . It does n't even hold a lot of weight -- if you 're looking for a true organizer to hold all of the things you need for a nursery -LRB- multiple packs of wipes , lotions , towels , etc. -RRB- then get a stronger cart . Needless to say , I returned it !
 We bought this cart after our daughter was born it holds plenty but it leans and bends in places . Again this product is ok for a little while but not long we are looking into replacing it soon and we have only had it a few months . Its only good for a short period of time then I would look for something else , we regret buying it now though .
 The organizer is well thought out with 6 cubbys . I store all of my son 's clothes in it . However it is very unstable . It leans at almost a 45 degree angle to prop itself up against the wall . I can not put this anywhere near his room or anywhere he can get a hold of it because a sneeze would knock it over .
 I 've had this crib mattress for 18 months , since my daughter was born . It 's held up fine , but I wanted to make sure anyone looking to order this mattress knows that it is not firm at all . I am expecting again and will need another crib mattress for this child and I would not purchase this one again .
 These cups are terrible . Every time my baby drops them , they start to leak from the loosening caused by the often minor jolt -LRB- I removed the handles , but still have the same result -RRB- . When he drinks out of them , they squirt water up his nose , he does n't like this . They leak in the diaper bag from loosening when lightly jostled . I have sections of floor that have been damaged by huge puddles left by these cups when I did n't notice a slow leak after baby left them on the floor . A fine product in the upright position for babies who do not drop or throw things and who do not mind water squirted into eyes and up the nose.Just to clarify , the leaking is not at the sippy spout , it is at the point where the cup is screwed together , the spout works fine -LRB- I also have 6 of them , all of them leak -RRB- . I have replaced all of my Avent sippy cups with Tommee Tippee and we really like those . I bought Avent because they are made in England and we liked their pacifiers , but this product is awful .
 This cup is one of the most leaky products I have owned . I found a puddle inside of my diaper bag on one trip out of the house . I have tried one more time since then to use it . I tried doing a number of things to make the leaking stop and it wont . It is just plain Leaky .
 I loved it when I took it out of teh box and put my son in it , he looked so comfy and the straps were so easy to adjust . Well then I went to install and it is simply too large , we have a new caravan and it just wont fit on the caption chair so it is going back . The staff at Amazon were great when I called to return it !
 I did a lot of research before purchasing this seat for my 1 year-old who outgrew his safe seat step 1 . The seat is big and bulky which is what I expected from reading the reviews . The issues I had with the seat is that the even though I pulled and tugged to tighten the straps they would not tighten enough for my liking safety wise . Then because the straps would not tighten enough the chest clip kept sliding down and the straps would be slipping off of his shoulder . I am disappointed because the safe seat step 1 was awesome no complaints at all . I liked how easy the cover could come off for cleaning purposes . I loved the recline and how easy it was to install , but the clip that you use behind the seat to ensure that the seat belt stayed where placed would not lay down flat it kept popping up which defeats the purpose of making the seat belt stays nice and snug . So long story made short , because it would not safely secure my son I returned it and purchased a Graco Nautilis which can go to 100lbs and change into a booster , he loves it he is so much more comfortable in it and fell asleep in it on his first ride , he also can reach his cup holder and his secret compartments as well . It is more expensive but worth it because it converts into a booster and hopefully will be his last car seat .
 We purchased this after reading reviews in the most recent Baby Bargains book by Fields . It had strong reviews . We returned it after a 2 week trial run . It was so heavy , my wife could barely lift it . It was so large that our -LRB- skinny -RRB- two year old barely had enough room for his legs behind the passenger seat of our mid-size sedan . Finally , whatever the material is - it looks cool , but made our kid sweat like crazy . We thought we would try it and save some $ $ $ instead of buying another Britax for the 2nd car . After we returned it , we bought another Britax after all and are very happy with our final decision . Save yourself a lot of trouble and do not buy this carseat .
 I ordered this product , but it arrived with both ends of the carton broken open . I would suggest that it be purchased from a retail store . The box is not made to withstand UPS shipping .
 The Box for this seat is by no means strong enough to handle the abuse they get in transit . You will end up with damaged product . I order this chair for our 1 year old , and on first attempt box arrived half open with missing part -LRB- Cup Holder -RRB- . After calling customer support they sent me a 2nd chair , once more the box was damaged , and the fabric of the chair was torn . I end up returning both chairs , and buying it form a store !
 I thought it would be a bit larger . It 's rather tiny and does n't hold much . It hold exactly 10 diapers and just barely . Would had been much better had it been made to store the diapers upwards cuz I can fit just over a dozen that way , but the handle does not go high enough to carry it w / the diapers that way . There 's also no room to store a normal sized package of wipes !! Hello ?! Diapers are just as important as wipes ! I can not store my package of wipes and all that would really fit in any of these holders is a travel pack . I am not about to start buying travel packs in addition to what I already buy . I never need ointments and such so I am really thinking of sending this back . Nowhere near as useful and unique as I thought it would be . The more I think about it the more disappointed I am actually .
 I was looking for a caddy to keep in our master bedroom while our newborn is in with us so we did n't have to go change diapers in his room . Since I generally like Skip Hop products I thought this would be a good item . As soon as I opened it though I hated it . The caddy is made of hard plastic and is incredibly loud and heavy even when empty . The smallest movement makes everything rattle . The side pockets just slide on and move easily so it makes the whole thing just feel incredibly cheap and flimsy . The same for the drawers - just plastic sliding in plastic so it feels cheap . Despite how cheap it all feels , the cost -LRB- almost $ 40 at the time -RRB- is rediculous . I am returning and am getting a canvas one from JJ Cole .
 I bought this as a first time , completely inexperienced mom . I thought I would need a diaper caddy to carry around if I were changing my son anywhere else in the house . Plus it was so cute . I know , completely silly . I have thought several times as using it for like a gift wrap of sorts for another baby shower but have n't yet . It 's cute but it 's so small and so , very impractical . The little bins and drawers do n't hold much more than a few little things and maybe a dozen diapers . I would not recommend spending your money .
 The basket is cheap , granted ! but not worth it . - Cheap looking . - Linen provided is similarly cheap and fell apart after a couple of washes . -LRB- and you always need to wash it -RRB- The basket looked pretty nice and cute on the picture but the velcro around the top to attach the canopy shows a lot and is very ugly ! Might be good to present gifts at a baby shower but not very appropriate for your baby to sleep in.Overall , the basket option -LRB- instead of a bassinett -RRB- sounded like a great way to save money ... Well , I 'm not fully satisfied.We ended up putting the basket in our stroller set at a flat position so we could roll it around the house without carrying the heavy load of a 9 lb baby and the basket . Baby stay well asleep and parents stay happy : -RRB- My piece of advice
 The quality of this basket is not bad . However , the one I received is orange ! There is no `` honey '' color about it . And the `` ecru '' bedding that came with it has multi-colored polka dots on the sides . It is such an awful combination , I am returning it immediately . I expected color variation from staining/dying a natural fiber , but orange is a little extreme for me . I 'm hoping a natural color one will be okay .
 I should have read other reviews more carefully - this product was NOT what I expected . The color is not natural - looks like it was dipped or sprayed in an odd pink/orange combo . The velcro that attaches the hood is very cheap looking and rough to the fingers . Does n't look at all like the picture where the hood attaches . Would have been much more attractive attached with ribbons or woven -LRB- as it appears in the photo -RRB- . I ca n't speak to its durability as I took it out of the box and put it right back in for return . This item is inexpensive , but the downside is it really really looks it .
 I looked good but the hood was damaged in shipment . I returned it and purchased it elsewhere .
 I think it is a waste of time to buy this brand of Moses basket . My baby is just a month old and the basket is already falling apart . It is also losing it 's shape . I brought a Moses Basket last year for a family member and it is still in great condition . Buy a more expensive brand.Don ' t pay under 49.00 dollars for it , because you get what you pay for
 do not buy this itemso cheapyou will not want to put your newborn in it
 The product description says that it works with all pumps but it does not work with the Medela Freestyle pump . It says so in the box . Amazon returned the cost of the items plus shipping but it was still a waste of time to have placed the order .
 The seller sent me the incorrect item -LRB- two small shields with no valve and membrane , instead of one regular sized shield with the valve and membrane -RRB- and they said `` per policy '' , I have to pay to ship it back to them , even if it was their mistake . That 's pretty poor business if you ask me .
 I thought I read it properly but I missed the part where it said it was not for the manual pump it has no hole at the top to connect it . So I just used the membranes . The 24mm breast shield was good for my size 36B but does not detach so it just became a good toy for my 2 year old . I imagine it would be great for the other medela pumps though because it just a replacement of the top piece .
 This valve did not work on my medela breast pump -LRB- i have the dual pump -RRB- . i did n't return it because i was going to have to buy as much for the shipping as i did for the pump . do n't buy here . just go to a brick and mortar store -LRB- like target -RRB- to purchase . it 's not amazon 's fault ... it 's the supplier 's issue .
 I had numerous lactations consultants tell me -LRB- after I purchased this -RRB- to buy the medela breast pump accessories in pieces versus this one piece . When you buy them in the 2 piece , it 's easier to clean and if you go up a size like I did from a 24 to 27 , then you can still use part of this accessory . Also , if you even stay the same 24 size but realize you want to try the soft flange or the slanted flange , you ca n't reuse this one piece .
 I really do n't understand why Medela insists on including these multi-piece valves with their pumps , and was really happy to see that there was an alternative - even though it 's sold separately of course . But in tiny print on the box it says they are not compatible with the Freestyle pump !!
 only problem is that it does not come apart like the others I have . That way they are easier to clean etc. .
 I 've bought and used the Medela quick clean wipes before , but in the resealable package . These individually wrapped wipes have a very strange chemical smell to them , to the point that I will only use them to wipe the table or work surface I 'm standing bottles and pump parts on . I wo n't use them on the pump itself , after it has dried completely . Very , very strange and disappointing .
 I loved the Sage Jungle product line , but this product has a fatal flaw . There is no way to hang it off my changing table ! Because of the design of my changing table , I need an external strap to hang it over one edge . But this stacker does not come with an external strap . So it is sitting unused in a closet .
 We just got back from a trip to disneyland and used these . They are a great size and definately made me more comfortable using public restrooms . The sticky tape stayed on the toilet seat . We also used these in the hotel room as she got used to using these while out . The tape stuck on the seat so bad my husband had to use quite a few differnt things we had with us to get it off . Sunscreen finally did the trick but what a hassle . Love the idea but be careful where you use them with the adhesive . Wish they used something semi sticky like post it notes have !
 Shipping was fast which is why it got one star from me.The package was open and all the potty protectors had been sifted through . Some were ripped and most were crumpled and virtually unusable .
 I would not recommend buying this chair and ottoman . The quality is terrible . The ottoman was broken on arrival due to the use of particleboard instead of something more durable - the screws tore right out of it leaving large holes in their places . Since sending it back was not an option for me , I had to rig up my own solution using pieces of plywood and glue . At first , the chair seemed not too bad , but now just a month later , it creaks and clunks something awful - hardly a calming device when it makes all this racket . Since I knew I could not send it back , I purposefully chose a chair/ottoman set that was in the mid to high range for this brand , a plan that definitely backfired on me . I suggest you save your money .
 My wife and I received this chair as a gift for our baby shower . It is a comfortable chair , but that is where my good thoughts end . Within about 2 weeks of use , the wood started to make creeking noises . Noises so loud that it was annoying to watch television while using the chair . Also , the bearings in the actual gliding mechanism were no longer smooth . We are very frustrated !! Especially when we tried to return the chair . NOBODY GOT BACK TO US . Knowing that mostly these chairs are bought for expecting mothers , you would think that the Shermag company or anyone who sells it would want to BACK it . At this point , I am not sure it is safe enough to use while holding a baby . Do n't waste your money . Spend $ 500 to $ 600 on a chair at a quality furniture store , it will most likely last a lot longer . REMEMBER ... . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !!
 Bought this chair for my pregnant wife3 - 4 months back.First its pretty narrow , my wife can sit , but for me it is very uncomfortable.And now its squeaking and making a lot of noise.For 300 $ you can get a way better product than this chair.Also , bought this chair because of the brand
 I have been so disappointed in this glider ! First after very little use when gliding the pressure from the person on the seat would make the glider lock in place . My husband did not want to bother with trying to return such a large piece of furniture so he tried to fix it himself . Well with the new baby he kept forgetting . Finally he tried taking off the `` teeth '' where the seat would lock into , but the locking mechanism would still get pushed down and the chair would ride on the rails . Then he used plastic ties to keep the springs from hitting the pressure point , that lead to one of the springs popping out of the wood work while I was trying to nurse the baby one late night . I would not buy a Shermag again , I wish we had just spent more on a Dutailier .
 This chair was fabulous at first , then it started squeaking and making a clunking sound . My baby ca n't even sleep with this amount of noise . Do n't bother with this chair .
 We bought this chair to use with our newborn . After a few weeks ALL of the allen bolts loosened up and the chair falls apart . TIGHTENED all of them super tight , same results in a few weeks . Poor design , poor engineering or just a piece of junk . DO NOT BUY this chair , you will be sorry .
 FWIW , I purchased my Shermag on Amazon a few months before DS ' arrival and because it was a better price than BRU and they would n't match . Anyway , Amazon has already replaced my glider once , and it 's broken again . The locking mechanism has failed , jolting the chair into a locked position when I 'm rocking it . -LRB- It 's such a jolt it should have a `` Caution
 This chair was ordered for us as a gift . We first selected the `` Pecan '' colored chair , but when it arrived , it was very orange in color . We sent it back and ordered the `` Cherry '' color , and by no surprise the chair that arrived was MUCH more red than the chair in the photos . We even went to a local store that carried the exact same chairs and verified that the chairs sent to us did not match the Pecan or Cherry color chairs that were in the store . I work in the woodworking industry and completely understand that color variation is just part of the game , however , these are completely different colors than what is shown in the photos . I presume that the chairs that are being sold by AMAZON are bad color/quality batches that the manufacturer is attempting to dump at a discount . As for quality ... it 's made in China . Figure it out from there .
 I researched hours on this and other websites before making this purchase . Even though I wanted to purchas an espresso finish , reclining rocker/glider , I chose this chair because the padding appeared to be much thicker than any other and the price was reasonable . What a deceiving photo ! The bottom pad is only about 2 '' thick and the felt-type material looks like it wo n't withstand more than a year of wear . I am debating whether to send it back .
 I Ordered this item twice , ottomon was missing both times and the 1st time around there was a big crack in one of chair legs . I am really frustrated.Had to disassemble and return both times . I am never ordering from this manufacturer again .
 I did some research on gliders including looking at the ones at BRU and having my wife test them out . I then checked on Amazon and saw this comparable glider at a fair price -LRB- ordered the `` cherry '' finish but really `` cabernet '' per manufacturer -RRB- . I read through the reviews here and figured I would go ahead and order this for my wife and our week old newborn son . The glider arrived today and at step 1 in the assembly , I was already a little concerned since the rocking assembly of the seat seemed to be hanging sort of oddly out of place . I tried moving that part on its own before beginning assembly by sitting it upright as it would be when assembled . It just did not move correctly . I figured that maybe later on in the process , there would be some step on fastening or adjusting it so that it stayed properly in place . Well , I got through the assembly and there was nothing to adjust . I looked at the assembly closely and could not see that there was anything that I could do to make the chair rock . Basically , I now have a stationary chair and I can manually adjust the recline by a combination of using the lever on the right and lifting the metal bar on the bottom of the chair into one of the grooves , but the rocking/gliding functionality absolutely does not work . One of the cheap plastic pieces that another reviewer mentioned is also broken off , but I do n't know that is the reason for the non-rocking at the moment . I will have to contact the manufacturer in the morning to see how this gets resolved . What a huge inconvenience when my wife and I were looking forward to getting this up quickly to assist with feeding our baby . I have assembled a lot of furniture , including a Weider home gym with over 1000 pieces without any issues . This is absolutely the first time I have to contact a manufacturer regarding a clearly defective product . Hopefully there is a quick solution to this problem , and if so , I will come back and update accordingly . However , the mere fact of having to deal with this would lead me to not giving a favorable recommendation on this product . Sorry.P.S . The box it arrived in was dinged up and part of the seams with the tape was broken on two different parts of the box . I took pictures before opening up , just in case and recommend doing the same . However , there were no noticeable issues on the wood in terms of scratches or breaks .
 We received this glider as a gift for our first baby . The assembly was a little challenging - but it came together without too much trouble . The chair and ottoman look beautiful - the wood and material are very nice . However , after a couple of weeks it became clear this chair just was n't going to work for us . The arms are very narrow and high up - making it very difficult to breastfeed or bottle feed . I found myself feeling very restricted in the chair . Additionally the ottoman is significantly lower than the chair , which was very uncomfortable for me . The back cushion also stuck out too much at the top and hit me in the middle of my back . I am 5 ' 3 , so it might work better for someone who is taller . While it is a good looking product , a price , and a nice enough chair to just sit in - I found it to be a bad fit for a nursing chair . We returned it without any trouble and found a chair that is wider and lower to the ground .
 We purchased this rocker over a year and a half ago and still use it . We use it only because it 's the only rocker we have and only feel like spending more money on another one . This chair makes a it of noise and probaly has since 3 months of owning it . We have tried to lube it many times but that only last about a day . It knocks , squeaks and makes cracking noises . This chair is not worth the money ! I never write reviews but I felt the need to warn consumers . Bad buy .
 Not very smooth . We bought another that is one third the price that rocks so much better . Do not buy
 Every since we bought this glider it 's had a hitch , or a bump in the glide . I 've tried adjusting it 3 or 4 times and it does n't help . Due to that I can count on my hands the amount of times my wife has used it due to that . I 'm guessing it 's just not well built ... . But was n't that expensive .
 I was very hesitant to buy this glider because of the reviews and I wish I would have went with my gut . I bought this so I could rock and feed my new baby . I am 8 and a half months pregnant and I do have hips and there was just no room to sit in the chair . My legs hit the sides and it just felt small overall . I am only 5 ' 4 '' and I was unable to rest my head on the back of the glider because it was too short.On top of that , the seat base was broken . When my husband put the chair together , the wood base was cracked on both sides , right where you sit . UPS picked it up today and it is being returned . Just a waste of time for a chair I also found on Craigslist for $ 150 cheaper . I ordered a different chair and am now hoping it comes before the baby !
 We originally bought this glider in June of 2010 and it was great , but around April 2011 we noticed the bolts at the hinges started getting loose causing the chair to have a hiccup while gliding . Called AMazon , and they quickly sent us a new one . Well , almost a year later the new one is doing the same . It appears to be a design flaw in the chair as it happened twice . Well , we got another refund from Amazon and plan to find a different chair then this.For the record , i 'm pretty mechanically inclined . Huge garage full of tools and just could n't get anything to fix this .
 Note - we did not buy this on Amazon . We bought it at BabiesRUs.We bought this glider because it looked very good and was very comfortable to sit in . We wanted to use to feed and put our baby to sleep . But when my husband started assembling it , he realized that it was extremely complicated to assemble . The instructions and figures were very hard to understand and we had to try to out different things to make it all fit together . Of course all this with my huge belly ! It definitely needs 2 or more people to put together . After about a month of use , it started creaking - differently in different positions ! Lubricating it did not help one bit.Also you would expect it to be sturdy but it is not . My sister was sitting all by herself in it and barely tried to lean towards one side and she fell down with the whole glider toppling off ! It was scary to imagine that happen with a baby !! Very unstable.After about 3 months of use , the loop that was securing the bottom cushion to the glider ripped off ! My husband was rocking the baby to sleep and when he tried to get up from the glider , he slipped along with the cushion ! When I emailed Shermag about this , they said this is wear and tear due to regular use and hence they wo n't be able to send a replacement . I would definitely not recommend buying this product especially given the price since you would expect it to be a good buy . But it so is n't !
 We bought this glider from another store , not Amazon . It cost less than the price here because we purchased it during a Cyber Monday sale.It was comfortable enough at first - not ridiculously comfortable , but it did n't hurt to sit in it . The padding on the glider compressed considerably fairly quickly , but that alone would n't have been a dealbreaker , because the glider looked really nice for the price point and we did n't really want to pony up $ 600 or more for a higher-quality one.That turned out to be a huge mistake.About a month after we started using the glider regularly , it started clunking very loudly any time we rocked in it . This was annoying to us and made it harder to use it for rocking our baby to sleep , as you might imagine . We got in touch with the store where we 'd purchased it and were told to contact Shermag . Shermag sent us a replacement side assembly for the glider , which took over two months to ship out because their warehouse staff was on vacation . -LRB- Kinda makes you wish you worked in their warehouse , does n't it ? -RRB- So we dealt with the horrid clunking while we waited for the replacement part to arrive . When it finally arrived , we put it on , and voila - no more clunking ! ... That lasted for all of a week before the clunking began again , and this time it was worse than before . My husband tried taking the glider apart and reassembling it entirely , making sure everything was tightened correctly . It did n't help . We contacted Shermag again repeatedly but never received another response from them - as in , ever.We ended up contacting the store from which we bought the glider again . Since Shermag was being unhelpful , they were kind enough to offer to replace the glider entirely or refund our money . We opted for the replacement , thinking that surely a completely new glider would not have the same issue ... WRONG!The new glider arrived , and we assembled it and broke down the old one to send back to the store . The new glider worked fine for a couple of weeks , and then began not only clunking but also loudly creaking.At that point , we decided we 'd had enough and asked the store if we could still get a refund . The store kindly refunded our money and we bought a Dutailier instead . Sure , we had to spend more than twice as much money to get it , but that 's a small price to pay for never having to deal with this level of annoyance again.In conclusion , I am very disappointed with the quality of Shermag 's product and customer service . I will never buy anything from them again .
 After reading through a couple reviews here on Amazon of flimsy packaging and customers not getting what they ordered my wife and I decided to risk it and buy one anyway . We just loved the color of the `` Natural with Oatmeal '' chair and thought it would be a perfect match with our furniture in the baby 's room . Well , we got exactly what we bargained for . Wrong color , yet again . In a box labeled `` Natural '' there is a chair with darker wood and darker covers . That looks like `` pecan '' . Needless to say , we are very disappointed and will be shipping it back . My wife is 7 months pregnant . The last we need right now is to deal with this problem.Another customer in her review in early January this year said that she was told they were out of a certain color and offered another . She declined , yet they shipped her the wrong color anyway . So , are they having inventory management problems , or does it just make business sense for them to push surplus inventory on their customers ? You decide . It 's not fun shipping back a box weighing 50 lb . I will update this review once this problem comes to a solution and we receive the product we ordered.Not Happy . * Updated
 Exactly one month after the one-year warranty expired one of the pegs that connects the right arm rest to the base of the chair came lose . We have a more expensive version than the one described here , which incl . ottoman cost around $ 500 , and for that kind of money I would expect the thing to hold until my grand kids can feed their grand kids in it . This is a bad quality product .
 it took me about a month to get the item from date the order placed.poor customer service
 I chose this glider after being warned that the stork craft I had registered for was out of stock and seemed flimsy and uncomfortable to my grandmother who gave me the gift . Not only is this of equivalent structure and comfort , it 's $ 100 higher price tag disturbs me . The seat cushion provides no Cush , and the foot stool is extremely low . I 'm temptedTo take it apart and send it back . For this kind of comfort level think pillow on a wooden seat . Not happy at all .
 We had our glider for a year and a half . I am so bummed with this product because the frame work of it is completely horribly made !!! It shifted from side to side at the base almost from the start . My husband attempted multiple times to fix it and could n't ... We even had to WD40 the base becasue the wood was squeeking as it rubbed together . We finally got a new rocker -LRB- different brand -RRB- before my 2nd child was born . I dont know what took us so long ?! I would never recommend this to a friend , EVER !! I will give it some credit for being comfortable and spacous , but that is it !!
 quality was ok , but was n't what we expected , wouldnt work right for my wife . she is 5 ' 4 '' and petite -LRB- except for the belly now ... lol -RRB- but you could take two regular pillows for much less money and put them in front and back and achieve better results .
 I promised myself after my second pregnancy , with the next baby I 'd treat myself to a maternity pillow . Four months into this pregnancy , I took the plunge -LRB- so tired of achy sides and not being able to sleep well -RRB- . I did n't want to wait 2-3 weeks to get one in off of Amazon , so I snagged the last of 5 that were on Overstock.com -LRB- they also have this same pillow for $ 29.99 -RRB- and periodically get more instock.This pillow is a good concept . The quality is very disappointing to say the least . The velcro tabs on the bottom of the middle panel are just about useless . You 're better off just shoving the pillows to where you want them than trying to get this velcro to hold the place . The pillow is merely very thin and cheap cotton fabric stuffed with regular craft polyfill . I atleast expected to be getting something resembling the quality of two regular type pillows with some type of panel attaching them together . I think you 're better off buying two comfortable single size pillows of your choice and nicely stitching a panel between the two to hold them together . Carry handles are nice.On the upside I found new cases for maternity pillows from The Company Store on ebay for a steal . They fit this perfect and make it look a ton better.It is nice having something that stays in place to support the preggie belly and back . I just expected better quality than this , esp . when other places say these retail for $ 50 !
 The stickers are cute , but not well made . They came folded and so it was hard to get them to stick well . One was torn due to the folding . I guess I was expecting better quality ...
 We think that the tot-lok is a great system . Easy to install and secure . Our toddler has figure out how to open some other kinds of lock but not this one.Although I like the tot-lok system and recommend it , I have to give this particular item a lower rating . I would have rated it higher but I think they are charging a lot for a plastic coated magnet . It works , it 's just not a good value . For a couple of bucks more I 'd suggest getting the tot-lok starter kit , which include several locks , plus this magnet key . If you 've lost your key or want a spare , you may want to consider buying a cheap , strong , magnet for a couple of bucks . It will work just as well . How do I know ? That 's what we did instead of buying this .
 This is only the magnet for opening the Tot Locks , and it costs more than the Tot Lok Starter Set , which includes 2 Tot Locks along with the key ! Save 2 bucks and get more locks and buy the starter set .
 I ordered the tot lock magnetic key to replace the one we misplaced -LRB- suspect 2 year old threw it away :-RRB- -RRB- . The magnetic key that arrived in the mail is not the Tot-Lok that is pictured . It looks as if it is a older generation version . The package says Safety 1st magnetic locking system key but it is shaped differently and when held up to the cabinet did not unlock like the original Tot-Lok we had did . I called Amazon and they told me they would resend the item to me and expedited the shipping to me for free . Unfortunately , when the package arrived it was the same key I had received from them the 1st time . Either the picture is wrong on the website or the information not accurate . I am returning both for a refund and had to order directly from the Tot-Lok company which I believe is not owned by Safety 1st -LRB- maybe used to ? -RRB- .
 my daughter hates this item . she ends up choking on it . i ended up throwing them away .
 This product ends up lifting the lower lap belt off of the hips and legs and ON to the stomach and soft tissue . In an accident this product could cause a great deal of internal organ damage . Do n't buy this product and destroy any that you are already using ! Buy a low back booster seat because this is n't a viable safe option.-Lisacertified car seat tech
 I ordered 2 of these for my 4-year old twins ' booster seats . What a waste of money . The velcro and snaps are very hard to adjust and hardly ever seemed right no matter how much I tried to set them . Worst of all , the seat belts seem constantly tangled and get stuck in the car door . Save the money and use a hand towel wrapped around the belt near the kids ' neck ... that will protect the child better than these things !
 This belt positioners is no replacement for the security and safety afforded by a federally certified booster seat . This belt positioner allows for too much movement on the part of the child and is not able to keep them properly positioned in the adult seat belt system . If your child is too large for their car seat then spend the few extra dollars and purchase a belt positioning booster to make their ride more comfortable and safer .
 I got this for time when my niece was in my car . She was in the habit of climbing out of her car seat when we 'd be driving . Thankfully , this fixed that problem because she ca n't unbuckle the seat belt . However , this adjuster would come unsnapped at the seat belt would push right on her neck.There is a velcro seat belt adjuster made by Axius available in the automative section of most department stores . It is must easier to adjust and I 've had fewer problems with it . My niece no longer has red marks on her name from the seat belt and she 's still safe and secure while we 're driving .
 Mom of 3 kids.I bought this hoping it would be the answer to my daughter 's seat belt problem . This would not stay snapped and it was impossible to get the top part to angle correctly away from her face and neck . I returned it the same day .
 My daughter has outgrown her booster seat , but still does n't fit into the adult seat belt system very well . I purchased this with the thought that it would help keep the seat belt at the right level for her . I have a minivan with custom captian 's chairs that are somewhat bulky . I was constantly having to adjust it on the seat belt almost every time she got into the van which became extremely inconvenient and my daughter was no longer able to buckle herself up which frustrated her since she had been independently buckling herself up while in her booster seat . Needless to say it is not used anymore .
 This product constantly came unsnaped and simply did not work . I bought 2 for the 3rd row of my minivan since I often cart other peoples kids around , but ended up having to go out and get the one piece triangular type instead . So far , they type seems to work much better .
 This item is NOT SAFE . The lap belt portion of the seat belt should rest on the hips/thighs of the passenger . Devices like this can cause the lap belt to ride up onto the soft part of the abdomen , which can cause serious internal injuries in a crash . If your child is too short to use the seatbelt properly -LRB- no putting it behind their back , and no shoulder belt across the neck/face -RRB- they should still be in a booster seat ! Most children are not ready for just a seatbelt until they are at least 8 years old and 80 pounds . Take the money you would put towards this product and get a booster seat instead .
 I am a certified child passenger safety technician . This product and all others like it will cause severe internal injury to children in a crash . If your child is under 4 ' 9 '' -LRB- like the child in the photo -RRB- s/he needs a booster . Seat belts are for adults and big kids -LRB- about age 9 -RRB- , and will ride up on their bellies instead of the strong hip bones . This causes `` seat belt syndrome '' and can be fatal .
 The mirror is made of a plastic mirror film that is not even glass . This cause the image to be distorted . Also it is too small and suction falls off easily .
 THIS ITEM IS TOO SMALL . I KEPT PUTTING IT ON THE BACK WINDSHIELD BUT IT KEPT FALLING DOWN EACH TIME . I COULD NOT SEE MY BABY IN THIS TINY MIRROR . NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL .
 My cabinet door is 3/4 '' thick , and after properly installing the lock , I was dismayed to find that the magnet will not open it . The door is too thick for the magnet to have enough pull , but too thin for us to use the extention magnet.I tried both locks from the package , and neither worked . I even accidentally drilled all the way through the door , so there is no wood in between the lock and the magnetic key , however the key still can not open the lock.The locks do work when they 're not installed in the door , but once they are installed there is too much space and wood in between the magnets . I wanted to post this as a warning to anyone with similar-sized doors ; if your door is a little too narrow for using the extention magnet , you may have problems .
 Loved the idea of a magnetic lock system , but the design is not robust enough . I am fairly handy but installation was frustrating . I tried no less than 3 times very carefully aligning the provided template , drilling , carefully tightening all the screws only to find that the lock mechanism did not engage perfectly and the door popped open with a little pull . The magnet part worked fine with the extension , that was not the problem . Adjusting the catch forward and back , I could not get the latch part to seat properly and if it is off by a few degrees it will collapse and fail to lock the cabinet . I am trying another manufacturer to see if their magnet system is a little easier to install .
 I bought this to defeat the prying hands of my 2 year old . I lost.The device is phenomenal in concept and even drilling holes did not deter me . I was able to get this to work fabulously for cabinets and pieces of wood under 1.125 '' thick -- before you add the `` Extension Slug '' . In a sentence , any cabinet thicker than 1.125 '' is entirely non-functional . The magnet that comes with the lock is great and strong -- and activates the lock consistently across the 3 packs of locks I bought through 1/8 '' of wood so long as you 're not using the extension slug . The extension pin , however is fully functional . Once you add the extension slug , the device stops working entirely .
 We thought these were a great idea . Although we were n't thrilled with the prospect of drilling into our cabinets , we did like that the mechanism seemed sturdy . After reading some reviews , I was concerned that the magnet might not be strong enough , but those reviews related to thicker cabinets -LRB- over 1 '' thick -RRB- , and ours are only 3/4 '' . Plus , in the store , the included magnet was strong enough to stick to our shopping cart through the packaging.At home , installation itself was pretty straight forward -LRB- though it never specified the size of drill bit to use for the anchor screws , and the bit size needed for the magnet locking mechanism was not part of our standard drill bit set -RRB- . However , even when installed properly , the magnetic lock would n't release through the remaining 1/8 '' of cabinet we had n't drilled through . We even tried drilling a second set of holes in another location just to be sure . No luck . Good thing we have wood filler .
 This product might work well if you have thin cabinet doors , but we have found that the magnets provided do n't work very well in our kitchen . It 's a really cumbersome system in any event , so much so that when I 'm in a hurry I have to leave some of the cabinets open which defeats the purpose . It requires two hands and patience to get the door open with this system . In retrospect I wish we 'd used this method just for the few cabinets that have dangerous chemicals or medicine in them and used the latch system for the other doors .
 My husband and I decided to buy these locks only to find out -LRB- after drilling a hole through one of the cabinet doors -RRB- thatthey will not work with our cabinets , the magnet is n't strongenough to activate the locking mechanism although the door isno thicker than recommended.Now we have to fill in the hole with wood putty , good thing it ` sa small hole !
 The concept of this product is very good ; but the installation is not user friendly . Perhaps it would be easier if the instructions were a little clearer . I like to think of myself as a pretty handy person , but not with these gadgets . I actually gave up and will be returning the item .
 Like many others , I found the idea of a lock the kids could n't tamper with fantastic . However the lock is very difficult to open even for the parents because the magnet is n't powerful enough to open the lock when mounted on the cabinet door.Hard to believe because when I opened the package the key would open the lock from about an inch away . Once we installed it on the cabinet it took a lot of struggle to get the lock to open . My wife amd most people would n't have the patience for this lock.I 'm looking for a more powerful magnet from a hardware store otherwise I 'm returning these .
 We are just starting to baby proof our house -LRB- our son is just rolling and scooting -RRB- and thought that these locks were a great idea . And yes , the concept is great but they are very poorly made . After installing two locks -LRB- we had to drill twice for one lock because the guide sent with the kit did n't line up correctly !!! -RRB- one lock just did n't work . The latch piece of plastic did n't fit well into the lock and kept rubbing on the top . The magnetic field was n't strong enough to counter this . We had to unlock this door from the inside by opening the other door , luckly that one was working . I figured , oh well I can always just open the other door to unlock the second ... but now it does n't even stay locked . We are just going to install the old fashioned plastic lever locks . This is great concept and I hope another company takes the idea and builds a better product . Do n't waste your money ... these locks definately need some work .
 This lock is great in theory , but in practice it 's a pain to install and an even bigger pain to use . Perhaps my cabinets are too thick , but in my experience , it just does n't work right .
 I agree that it 's a good idea , but also find the instructions and illustrations extremely hard to follow , both because of the poor quality of pictures and insufficient real information . In looking at the pictures of the door and door , I am none the wiser as to EXACTLY where to position the locks . I hope that once my husband figures it out they will be worth the trouble , but at this point I 'm completely baffled as to where they attach , and a bit annoyed that I was n't able to install them when I had planned to . I would really appreciate any help more successful installers can offer .
 We purchased the tot locs after hearing rave reviews . After a couple of weeks of use , one cabinet would simply not open . Luckily there is a drawer above this cabinet and my husband was able to stick his hand in and open the cabinet from behind . We could see that the lock was broken . It had completely lost it 's magnetic power -- how , I do n't know.Now we do n't know what to do . If this happens again , especially on a freestanding cabinet -- we 're `` in trouble '' How are we supposed to open our cabinet if it breaks ? The only way would be to ruin our beautiful new cabinets . We 'll probably take them all out and go with the old-fashioned latch locks .
 These were impossible to install . We ended up returning them . My husband builds his own furniture and is very handy with tools . He could not get these to work if his life depended on it .
 What is use of getting peoples openion but make no changes?several people complain regarding the instalation print outbut still same print in the box.My son in law and I could not figure out how to instal with that Ant size picture and printout.Please make it more CLEAR with better explanation and picture.After I figure out how to instal I rate the lock it self.This rating is only for a very poor instalation direction.Apreciate if you email me a better one for anybody to figure out instalation .
 I guess we should have known , having had poor experiences with Safety First products in the past , but even with that past experience , we were dumbfounded at the cheaply made , poorly designed garbage that is this system . I guess , if you do n't love your children , and you do n't care for your beautiful cabinetry , go out and buy one of these ... or five . We installed it , it did n't work . We returned it . We are very unhappy !
 I spent a small fortune on these expensive locks , loving the fact that the drawer/cabinet , or whatever you are locking ca n't open at all , since it uses a magnet . However , depending on how you 're cabinets are made , some drawers will still open up a bit , and still pinch tiny fingers.Second , installation is tedious . You have to put a bunch of holes in your cabinets , and be very careful not to drill in too far . Again , depending on how the cabinet is made , you may have to ` improvise ' with using the templates they give you . If its not lined up just right , get ready to do it over again.Even after installing them , it seems that the lock can be tempermental and not open at times , and you have to try and try and try to get it to open by moving the magnet over the spot that should open the lock . -LRB- By the way , do n't loose the lock openers , I think they cost $ 6 or $ 7 each , and they stick to everything metal if dropped ... for example , baby gates , toys , refridgerator , pots and pans ... -RRB- We have had these installed for well over six months , and I regret it everyday . They are a huge hassle.My recommedation would be to use the adjustable locking straps , if your cabinet/drawer will allow . It just sticks on -LRB- and is incredibly strong -RRB- , and can be adjusted to a variety of lengths . They are not expensive , and very easy to get in and out of cabinets . Right now I have a strap on our trash can , refridgerator , computer armoir , entertainment center , and aquarium cabinet , and they work GREAT in all of those places . I am going to remove ALL of our TOT locks in the kitchen and family room , and replace them with the adjustable straps .
 I bought this from Lowe 's and not from Amazon but want to share my experience in case it helps someone else.Test this thing about ten times before you close the cabinet or drawer to lock it !!! If I had not experimented with this by sliding the key over the area where the lock is I would have returned it because following the instructions -- `` placing the key '' over the area where the lock is -- does not work consistently . If I `` Place the Key '' over the area where the lock is , it opens about two out of ten times . If I slide the key over the area where the lock is -LRB- much like using a magnetic stud finder , stopping after I hear the lock open -RRB- it opens ten out of ten times . Like another reviewer I had to use the extension before I could get the locking mechanism to open with the key consistently.Thanks to the warning of the reviewer who accidentally drilled through their cabinet door I did NOT drill deep enough so that the lock mechanism was flush with the cabinet door -- if I had it probably would have gone through the cabinet door . The magnetic `` key '' seemed really strong until I tried to use it to use it , even though I drilled the hole for the locking mechanism to specs AND used the extension . Although I finally got this thing to work consistently I gave it only two stars because the instructions did not include the modifications I had to do in the use of the key and in the mounting of the locking mechanism .
 Each lock and latch plate combination takes 8 screws and a large pilot hole for the magnet to slip into . Not an overwhelming negative , but probably more complicated than it needs to be , considering kids grow up and you may want to uninstall the locks at some point -LRB- leaving your cabinets riddled with holes -RRB- . The reason I 'm giving this one star is the weakness of the magnets . Performance was poor . Even with the extension piece on the magnet , it only picked up to open the doors / drawers intermittently . Also , the drill depth guide only works on a 9/32 '' drill bit , which does n't come in a standard set of drill bits . You will want to pick one up at the hardware store if you plan to install these locks without drilling through your cabinet doors .
 These locks were so difficult to install I returned them . To be fair I was trying to install them some drawers that were a tight fit , so it was almost impossible to drill the holes . I 'm sure it would work well if you have the proper cabinets , but make sure it is easy to drill holes where you want the locks placed . They do make magnetic locks that are stick on . I plan to try those next .
 I wish we 'd bought the cheaper `` push latch '' safety locks . These are most effective in that they really keep the doors shut tight . Unfortunately , looking around for the lock is more annoying . Most of the time , you just want to open your cabinets quickly and with one hand . Plus , they are quite expensive .
 I had heard these locks were great and thought I would try them considering my 18 month old son can open every other type of child lock . It took me over 3 hours to install ONE LOCK . I was so close to giving up and returning them . I will not install another one that is for sure . I now have ONE cabinet that he ca n't get into and that is where I 'll have to put all the `` un-safes '' . The concept of this is GREAT and I hope the installation process and instructions can be changed so that others can actually use this product . I would not recommend unless you have A LOT of patience and time on your hands to install .
 I was so excite to get these locks , and that soon wore off . We have a newer home and all of our cabinets have trim or molding around the outside . Both my husband And I tried to install and get them to work . We had no such luck are cabinets were to thick but were not thick enough to use the extender . After mean attempts and many failures we returned them . Our friends also had the same problem . Be careful we almost drilled a whole through the cabinet door.I have another friend who has these in her house and they do work great for her , her cabinets are flat . Just be weary and save your receipt .
 Tot Loks are junk , do n't buy them ! I used the drill bit markers , and the little plastic doo-hickey that 's supposed to stop you from drilling through your cabinet front but still wound up cracking the cabinet front because the magnetic key is so weak I had to put the extension rod in and push it right up into the hole until it was a hair from going all the way through . It still would n't trigger the lock -LRB- I know it was in the right spot b/c if I pushed the lock manually , the magnetic key would `` hold '' it unlocked , it just could n't pull the lock itself -RRB- . I gave the extension rod one more nudge and it cracked the door front ! Junk , junk , junk ! I 'm kicking myself for not giving up on it earlier !
 This product is a great concept , BUT it has a critical flaw for me . The whole idea that I need to drill a big hole inside each cabinet door or drawer is a non starter . I mean , why would you spend money on a nice kitchen only to drill holes inside doors and drawers ? Hello ? Baby will grow up eventually so the locks are not needed . What about those holes ? It is cute that the manual says `` do not drill through the door , '' hugh ? Why would I want to even have a drill near my cabinet doors ? Also , what happens if say the door cracks while I drill ? Who pays for that ? I know the answer to that one - > ME ! Soooo ... product is going back . Non-starter
 Such a great idea but ... installation is ridiculously difficult but I suffered through to protect my child . I ended up with holes in my nice furniture and a system that will not work . My entertainment center is a hardwood , maybe that 's a factor I do n't know , but my cabinets are n't thick enough for the extension slug so I 'm at a loss . Maybe I 'll look for a stronger magnet and try again since the damage is already done.Oh well I guess that 's why they make wood filler and stain , just add that to my list of a million projects .
 First of all ... these are a fantastic idea . My wife and I were so excited to get these installed in our home , and have something that does n't always show considering how many `` baby '' related things always clutter the house!The first process in installing is quite simple ... follow the grid that is provided ... drill holes ... and you are basically done . Well , that is where the trouble for us began . First , our cabinets are 3 years old , 3/4 of an inch thick , and no matter what we did , the magnet was not strong enough.There are two extensions provided , one for a little extra room , and the other that if I used it , it would go through my entire cabinet . Option one , was still no good ... not strong enough.So , our only option is to go see if there is another `` metal '' piece that I can buy from a hardware store to stick in and use instead of their extension pins . This has really been a pain , and if they would have better instructions this probably could be easily avoided .
 This sounded good in theory , but did n't work at all . They were correctly installed by my husband , but the magnet is just not strong enough to get it to open . It was a waste of money for our cabinets . It may work if you have the thinner particle board cabinets , but it definitely did n't work through our solid wood cabinets .
 I bought these to keep my toddler out of my IKEA HEMNES television stand drawers . The design of these drawers is straightforward and their surfaces are totally flat so I thought these locks would work perfectly . I was wrong . First of all , the instructions are ambiguous . Secondly , the stick-on template is useless . I followed the instructions to the letter on my first drawer and once the lock was installed , it was n't effective and my drawer would n't close all the way . My toddler pulled it right open . After that , I made my own measurements and placed the lock and catch where I thought they would work . Through trial and error , I eventually found the placement where my drawer would close and the lock would catch -LRB- and , yes , I ended up drilling way too many holes in my drawer , -RRB- but the it was still easily opened without the key . Then I turned the catch around ; I screwed it in opposite the direction shown in the instructions . I used what I 'd learned from that first drawer on the other two and now my TV stand is child proof ... no thanks to Safety 1st . If you decide to buy these , I would reccomend that you experiment with the placement using tape before you make any holes . That said , I really do n't think it 's worth the trouble . Yes , these locks are invisible from the outside , but an easier , less painful option would be better for your well being and life in general -LSB- read
 It would have been really nice for the manufacturer to MENTION that these locks are completely incompatible with hollow doors.Like another reviewer , I ripped the microscopic directions while removing the product from the nuclear blast-proof packaging.The instructions LITERALLY required a magnifying glass to read.That 's just lovely that there are two sets of holes on the mechanism , thoughtfully mentioned in the instructions as `` alternate holes '' . Why ? And WHICH ONES are the alternates ? They 'll never tell . I suppose if you get as far as actually flipping a coin and drilling , you 'll find out that you guessed wrong.Stupid , stupid , stupid instructions . I ruined two of the templates before the light came on and I realized the system was brilliant , just poorly explained and illustrated , to say the least.Encouraged , I marked and drilled . Alas , my closet door is hollow . But nooooooo , I just HAD to try it anyway . I held the lock in place , applied the magnet , and listened to the little plunger extension thing-y tumble down into the depths of the interior of my door.Oh well , having ruined two templates , half of everything was spare parts anyway.Two hours of internet searching later , I could n't find an adaptation , but I did FINALLY , FINALLY discover what that little clear plastic tube was for - a drill bit stop . I do n't know what use it would be , being only about half an inch long and it did n't seem to stop lots of people from drilling through the fronts of their doors .
 After drilling all the way through my cabinet , I realized that the plastic drill bit stop had slipped up on the drill bit . Throw that POS away and just wrap duct tape where you would have put it . News flash Safety 1st ... save a penny and do n't include the POS plastic drill `` stop '' . Then , rewrite the directions suggesting that the consumer measure the depth of the door , subtract 1/8 of an inch and place a piece of duct tape at that measurement from the tip of the 9/32 -LRB- which is a pain in the a $ $ to locate -RRB- drill bit . How about modifying to a nice common size like , say ... 1/4 inch ? Time to wipe out the Research and Development Department and start over . I 'll expect my compensation in the mail for this little tidbit . This is n't an inexpensive option for child safety , so put a little thought into it . Morons ! That being said , after finally installing it correctly , it actually works pretty well . Oh yeah , drop down the side of the door about 4 inches . My cabinet had a metal plate near the seam that interfered with the magnet , so I had to move it lower .
 HORRIBLE installation experience . Installed per instructions on 10 cabinet drawers , using the supplied templates . Because the drawers can wiggle slightly in their tracks , the locks failed and the drawers popped out with a tug . The only way it would work is if all of the holes were re-drilled so the lock is PERFECTLY aligned with the stop tab . Imperfection either meant the lock did n't work or the lock pushed the drawer to one side , causing the drawer fronts to look misaligned and ugly . After 4 + hours and 50 + drilling modifications , the supplied drill bit guide failed resulting in the drill bit going through the front of a brand new drawer front -LRB- which would have cost $ 140 to replace , but I used some wood filler instead and it looks `` OK '' -RRB- . Less than a day after installation , one of the locks stuck in the unlocked position and had to be replace because it could not be reliably fixed . All of this was enough to make me completely hate these things .
 I had an older version of a first years diapering kit that we loved . We lost that one somewhere and I bought this to replace it . It 's pretty , and compact , but it 's just too small . It only holds two size-4 diapers , and I have to struggle to fit those in the pockets . The wipe case is fine , but I 'd really rather be able to fit a small package of wipes in the bag , rather than having to fill the little plastic box with them all the time . The changing pad is small too . Overall , not really useful for any baby older than 6-8 months , I think .
 I was looking for a second diaper kit that would mostly be used in my gym bag and in the hiking baby backpack . This seemed perfect but in reality once you fill it it does n't fold up nice and neatly like in the picture , in fact the velcro closure hardly reaches . Maybe if you were only bringing one diaper ... Our SkipHop Diaper Kit is far superior in terms of design . It has all the same parts including the wipe case but once you fill it the kit still closes ! And I can fit 6 size 0-3 diapers and probably 3-4 diapers in size 4 or larger . I was n't real excited about spending 2x as much on a second SkipHop kit but I think it will be worth it .
 these were NOT what was advertised on amazon . the wipes on the computer were huggies supreme lavender and vanilla and i recieved huggies -LRB- regular -RRB- wipes . amazon did refund my money since the order was wrong .
 The design of this cosleeper is ideal for anybody who wants to cosleep and is afraid of crushing the child , does not have room in the bed , or wants a system that will make it easy to `` wean '' the kid off the bed in small steps.The problem is the implementation is so cheap and shoddy , it is not worth it.The structure is rickety at best -- and this without using those wobbly leg extensions other people have complained about . The cosleeper is too low for my bed as well , so I have to break my back and arms to get the kid out at night . I wo n't risk making the cosleeper even MORE rickety by using those cheap plastic extensions.What is with the metal bars ? the metal bar on the side that you can collapse is low enough that the kid can eventually bang his head on it -- and it is barely covered with the thin fabric with which you cover the entire structure to keep it together.The mattress IS very hard , as other people commented . My problem with it is not that it is so hard but that its waterproof cover is so unpleasant and squeaky even with the sheet on that my child hates being on it . Can not blame him . I have put more than one sheet on the mattress so it does not make that nasty plastic sound or has that plastic feel.And yes , the ridiculous sheet that comes with it ! It is so scratchy you could sand your house with it . But that is not the worst -- it does shrink so badly when you wash it that it wo n't fit on the mattress -- it will squish the mattress both at the head and the foot of the bed leaving gaps of over one inch at each end . THis is ridiculous and unsafe and so easy to fix.All in all , it is clear that this brand , in spite of charging a hefty amount for Ikea quality stuff -LRB- bunch of metal poles and fabric with velcro , is all you 're buying -RRB- does not hesitate to save an extra cent by giving you scratcy shrinky sheets that will make the crib unsafe for your child.As I said , great idea , terrible implementation . Get something else if you find it .
 After my husband and I put this together using the TERRIBLE directions , we 've been using this as a free-standing bassinet for the past 5 months -LRB- not attached to the bed , as some people do -RRB- . My daughter has been sleeping in it just fine . However , we attempted to fold it up to take it with us on a weekend away from home recently . What a nightmare to collapse ! Again , the directions are of absolutely no help . It was impossible to get the whole thing into the carrying case and get it zipped up . Also , this thing weighs a ton . I now realize I need to buy something else to use when travelling . How annoying . Bottom line
 Although I love the idea , there 's got to be a better way to co sleep . When I unpacked the co-sleeper I was really excited because our daughter sleeps in our bed right now and the idea of having her so close but not in our bed was a wonderful thought . Once the co-sleeper was put together next to the bed I had my doubts , it was huge ! I tried this a couple nights but It just was n't worth it . It was difficult to get her in/out at night , laying next to her and reaching over the divider was awkward , I no longer had a staging area for the night time feeding on my night stand -LRB- bottles , pacifier ... there is a pocket on the end but it was n't sufficient -RRB- and then scooting down to the end of the bed to get out was ridiculous.I had a c section with my daughter which was the main reason we started co sleeping , I had to roll out of bed because my stomach was n't ready to lift me up and out of bed . There is no way I would 've been able to use this in the beginning after a c section . Even now , my daughter is 3mo 's old and getting in/out of bed with this thing is too awkward . The only way this would functionally work is if I slept in a twin or double bed by myself so I could get out on the other side.The co-sleeper is really well made and a fantastic idea but it totally did not work for us . It is a great sleeper to have in the room with you but its still large . I would have loved the smaller size co-sleeper but the weight limits on that one were too low to justify the price . Oh well ... Some people love it , some people do n't . My suggestion before buying one is to put a standard playard next to your bed a couple nights , to get the feel of the size , then you 'll know if you can deal with it .
 I got the original thinking that I would be able to nurse my baby while he was still in the co-sleeper . But you ca n't , you must lift the baby out of it , which completely wakes him up . He just ended up in bed with me , while the co-sleeper collected dust.I found assembly to be average . If you have a brain in your head , you can assemble this . It 's not `` intuitive '' and I think that is what most people complain about.My son hated the play yard . But that is just him!Overall , I wish I had n't gotten this , as it was n't what I expected .
 We bought the cosleeper based on the online reviews and the picture . When we unpacked it , we found that the item is poorly designed , flimsy , difficult to assemble or move and has the worst user manual ever written -LRB- unlike the Graco pack n play or Peg Perego car seat which are well-manufactured and came with clear instructions -RRB- . My husband has assembled many pieces of furniture including complex items . This one caused serious aggravation . The lock mechanism that folds the sides/locks it in place is not the least bit user-friendly . Where it says `` press to unlock '' he must have pressed in all directions feeling for the lock without success . The product just feels cheap . In the end , our baby did n't even want to sleep in it.Don ' t waste the money on this .
 Very heavy constuction , and heavy to carry . Definitely not intended for a pack and play or travel bed . It took very long to assemble the sleeper
 Putting this together and taking it apart was the worst thing about having a baby , worse that labor . Doing it over and over again through a few moves only made the awfulness more predictable , not easier . My gosh I have put together two strollers , two high chairs , a crib , a exersaucer , put in 3 car seats , and a changing table , and this was the worst by a HUGE margin . You will end up crumpled in a crying mess on the floor , likely more than once .
 Please do n't even waste your time or money with this product . We never ended up actually placing the baby in it because as its designed its difficult to place the baby in it from your bed after a midnight nurse . Our baby woke up immediately every time .
 We bought this for our newborn baby girl , I liked the idea of having her next to the bed and being able to reach in and comfort her or get her out to nurse without having to get up out of bed . First of all this was not so easy to assemble and was extremely difficult to disassemble and pack up . Our baby girl cried every time we put her in it , maybe because the mattress was very firm . I returned this because while we were sleeping I awoke to find the duvet part way in the co-sleeper . Later that night a pillow made it halfway in as well . If you use this , I would recommend only a light blanket on your bed and only a pillow for your head .
 We had our first child last year and I was keen to try co-sleeping with her . I googled ` co-sleeper ' and this product ranked highly in Google and in Amazon , so I asked my sister-in-law to buy it as a baby gift.I 'm sorry I did . When did this company sell its soul and in the interests of maximum profit , decide to offer something so cheap and shoddy ? I 'm sure before they became mass market and off-shore manufacturing , it would have been a far better product.Fully assembled -LRB- and I second those other reviewers who found the design and instructions un-userfriendly -RRB- , you just need to put a hand on it and it wobbles . The mattress and the base it is attached to , is so thin and of such poor quality that it is impossible for the baby to lay flat on her back - she starts rolling to the far side . When she is n't in it , the corners of the mattress curl up . The plastic cover is just nasty.She has slept in it for just a few months and I 'm already looking for another bed . It has worn so poorly I 'd be embarrassed to give it away.I wish I had done more research as to other options and not fallen for the brand name and the pretty product picture .
 This co-sleeper is just ok . I do not attach it to the bed - I use it the same way you would a crib . It 's a little tricky to assemble and my husband has n't had to break it down for any reason . My main complaint is the mattress ... it 's way too hard . My husband found an quilted pad online specifically made to fit this bassinet but it did n't do much good . The Arm 's Reach website has an organic mattress for $ 120 but that 's crazy expensive ! I ended up carefully folding a microfiber throw to fit over the mattress and then covered both with a jersey fitted sheet . While it 's not the best solution , it 's the only way my baby will sleep in this bassinet.I wish I would not have registered for this product .
 This seems like it would be a sturdy baby bed , and even with the extensions does not seem wobbly . The problem is that is does NOT attach to a bed with a frame . This fact is not listed anywhere in their product description either here or on their main site . It must be attached up against the mattress , and the legs do not allow it to get anywhere close , there is about a 5 inch gap left , too much to just pull the mattress over as I also have a memory foam mattress . So I 'm left with a bassinet that is no different from any other bassinet attached above a play pen , at twice the cost . The quality of this product is the same as any other name brand play pen , so nothing else justifies the extra expense if it can not in fact be used as a co-sleeper with a bed on a frame . Very disappointed that the company does n't give this information in the listing .
 I loved the idea of having our baby close to us during the night.I researched it well , or at least I thought I had , and bought the `` Universal '' model as our bed , including mattress , is 20 '' from the ground.A few things to note : If your bed has any kind of frame that is not flush with the sides of your mattress , for example , we have the Tate Bed from Crate and Barrel , the co-sleeper function will not work . The side frame of your bed has to be completely aligned with the mattress , as you find with a traditional boxspring/mattress set up.If it is not , there is a huge space between the lowered side of the co-sleeper and your bed , which is an entrapment hazard.I really wish that arms reach mentioned this somewhere on their website.The instruction manual is probably the worst I have ever read.It is poorly illustrated and incredibly hard to follow.I consider myself someone that can put together just about anything and although I had read reviews of people saying this was hard to put together , you often find that for most products , so I figured it was down to the individuals.But no , after struggling for an hour , trying to figure out how to convert from a co-sleeper to a free standing bassinet , I decided to come online and look at arms reach support to try and get clearer directions.What did I find , but a tutorial that is utterly different from those provided with the co-sleeper , There are some clear photographs and a step by step guide , but it barely relates to the printed version.I truly feel like this probably is n't that hard to do , just the instructions send you on a path that is very hard to follow and leaves out huge chunks of information.The illustrations are terrible -LRB- Ok , i am hypercritical about this - it is my profession - but they are bad ! -RRB- , small , almost impossible to decipher and contradict from one page to the next.I am so frustrated with this thing that I have n't yet tried the `` alternative '' instructions , but will do so later.The really ` convenient ' thing about the online tutorial is that it is n't available in a printable format and my co-sleeper is in another part of the house , so I am going to have to copy and paste each section and drag and drop the photographs to create my own printable tutorial , otherwise walk from room to room for each step - which at 9 months pregnant , I am not looking forward to.Just for some perspective , this is our second child , we have had bassinets , a crib , a pack and play , a few strollers and car seats , swing , bouncer etc etc and I have put all of these together by myself , usually heavily pregnant.I will also point out that the mattress is really hard , yes , a mattress for a baby should be firm , but this is very cardboard like and has 3 distinct ` sections '' - this is true of all pack n plays , so we bought an alternative latex/organic cotton mattress from Pure Rest.I am hoping that once I finally get it together , it will function as a playard/bassinet for our baby.Unless you have a standard boxspring/mattress and have unlimited patience , I would suggest a bassinet/cradle for next to the bed and a regular pack and play for the living room and/or travel -- they are much easier to deal with .
 First , let me say that I am a midwife and a huge fan of cosleeping . However , this has to be one of the most frustrating products I have ever owned , and certanly the most irritating since I have had my son -LRB- who hates the thing because it 's rock-hard and wo n't sleep in it , even at 4 months -RRB- . My husband and I first assembled this when I was 9 mo pregnant and it was torturous . The parts do n't fit together well at all , and to make matters worse , the `` directions '' came completely unorganized , with none of the pages following any logical order / language . It was if they had printed out large 16 by 22 '' pages with random directions in all languages all over . Awful.Then today I was trying to collapse it to take it on a trip -LRB- it must weigh at least 50 + lbs -RRB- and practically broke my back -LRB- and all of my nails -RRB- trying to get it to break down . When I called customer service -LRB- during working hours -RRB- i just got a voicemail , and still no call from Arm 's Reach.I am sad that this is the leading product out there like this because it really is n't made well . Given the quality of the customer service / directions they supply to the consumer , it appears that Arm 's Reach is n't too concerned .
 We got the arms reach for our newborn twins and though it was tough to put together - sticky and unclear - we persevered and it was fine as a co sleeper - HOWEVER when we moved the twins to their cribs and wanted to change it to a pack and play our troubles began . It would not lock into place and was unsafe . I called the arms reach customer service 5 times and have not heard back . You can not actually reach someone . Instead , they force you to leave a message and then do not return the phone call . I am left with a useless $ 200 item that is unsafe for my children . Get a real Pack and Play with the bassinet option . Other parents told me to do so and I wish I had listened .
 We have had the original Co-Sleeper for 2.5 years . Our first son slept in it for 2 months and then refused to sleep in it . Our second refused to sleep in it period -LRB- even padding it with a small quilt -RRB- . I assume that they make it completely uncomfortable to help prevent SIDS -LRB- your baby might has well be laying on the floor because it is not padded very well at all -RRB- . The fitted sheet can not be dried in the dryer , which is inconvenient . Most of all , I hate assembling and disassembling this thing . I never complain about assembling toys , gadgets , playards , etc. . . but this thing is horrible . I actually beat it with a hammer when I took it down after my first child quit using it . It is now put away and I will never put it up again . The only good thing I will say about it is that it 's extremely sturdy -LRB- probably why it 's a pain to assemble -RRB- . I would suggest scouting ebay , yard sales , and second-hand stores instead of buying a new one . It is not worth $ 200 .
 I though it was just me but after reading several other reviews I see that others agree on just how difficult this thing is to assemble/disassemble . The locks are impossible , the items do not quite fit right , and it would be impossible to get this thing into its `` travel bag . '' The mattress is thin and very lumpy ; each fold in this mattress causes hard lumps . I bought this product thinking I could use it as a portable play yard after my baby out grows the co-sleeper aspect but there is no way . I recommend you avoid this product !
 We got this and a chicco play yard and my son does not like this as much as the chicco . The chicco appears to be softer to sleep on .
 I really wanted to love this item , but 3 months into using it , I am not too keen on it . The mattress is really hard -LRB- I am not sure you can even call it a mattress -RRB- , and now I am going to purchase one and spend an extra $ 50 or so . The so called mattress on the cosleeper consists of a thin pad of about 1 inch backed with a wood composite board . Considering the cost of the cosleeper ~ $ 200 , I think the mattress should be an actual mattress . The `` mattress '' it comes with gives once your baby gets to about 12-13lbs , basically having the baby sleep on the hard wood board . Specially the head.It is also a bit wobbly , the baby kicking or getting excited with her toys makes the entire cosleeper rock back and forth.I hope that it works better as a play yard , but by reading the reviews I am not so sure about that either . Basically I would not buy this item again or recommend it to someone else .
 I bought this product on the advice of a friend and having read the previous reviews - however we were very disappointed with the co-sleeper . We bought it so i could nurse easily during the night - but my son and i were never comfortable either keeping him in the co-sleeper to nurse or `` sliding '' him across to the bed . I found that I always had to sit up in bed and lift him out of the co-sleeper to nurse him.Also the co-sleeper is large - it took up a good portion of our bed and so i would have to slide down the bed to get in and out . I found that when nursing I needed our bedside table to put all of the other objects that i needed when nursing -LRB- gloass of water , breastshield etc -RRB- - to keep the table near the bed means that the co-sleeper moves further down the bed - then the baby is further away !!! There are pockets to keep things - but at 3am who wants to be digging around to find necessary items .
 Perhaps if our baby had been interested in sleeping in it , it would have been somewhat useful . But the assembly/disassembly is so impossible as to render the product worse than useless as it takes up valuable time . Given the mixture of reviews , I can only think that there 's variation in the manufacturing so that some of the cosleepers end up with locking mechanisms that simply do n't work . PITA . The instructions are good for a laugh , but not much else .
 I believe this product has been recalled . I ca n't include a link in the review but co-sleeper models that begin with 8111 were recalled in 2011 .
 I did thorough research on which bassinet to buy before our little one arrived . The Packn ` Play was much too big for our condo and this Arm 's Reach model got great reviews so I ordered it through Amazon . So far we have had no problems with the product itself or installation . The issue we have is that the company did n't put all the pieces of our bassinet in the box so when we got it we could set up everything but install the mattress . We are missing 2 of the brackets to hang the mattress.We called the company within 3 days of receiving the product and were told that since it was close to the holidays -LRB- 22nd -RRB- they were doing inventory and the soonest we could get anything was 1/5 . Although this was not ideal since our baby is due 1/12 we went along with it . The product did n't arrive on 1/5 and when I called on 1/7 I was told that there was nothing in their system noting that the part was sent out . I was told they could send me a new part tomorrow . I asked for overnight shipping which had to be approved by a manager -LRB- shocking after what we 'd already been through to track down this missing piece -RRB- . When the overnight shipping was approved and the customer service rep acted like she was doing me a favor -LRB- seriously ? -RRB- I was told the part could n't go out until the following day . This was confusing since we are both in the same time zone -LRB- PT -RRB- and UPS closes at 4pm for pickups . I was then informed the company closes at 3:30 and &#34; most people leave early &#34; including a manager -LRB- ANY manager -RRB- I requested to speak with . Hopefully this piece arrives by Wednesday so our newborn has a place to sleep in our room.Bottom line
 After 6 months of light use , one of the release latcheson this co-sleeper jammed . I called the company expectingan easy repair or replacement , but they wanted a $ 55 repairfee plus shipping both ways ! Arms Reach is a company thatdoes n't stand behind it 's product.I have since talked with other people who have had thesame experience . I would look for a different brand .
 We are yet to try this product out with our baby -LRB- to arive any day now -RRB- , but we set it up a few weeks ago with a great deal of frustration.the directions are VERY unclear . if you do buy this I encourage you to read through all the directions and added print outs trying to explain set up and use . It is apparent that there have been issues with the directions because of all the added instructions , including a bright paper with a 1-800 number saying call if you have troubles setting this thing up.things that really are inconvenient is lowering the bar from changing table , to co-sleepler , play yard . the buttons are alomost imposible to find and push . i have yet to find the right way to do this . i have to count on my husband to be around and even then it takes him several tries . Also , if you buy the recomended sheets and matress protectors , it is difficult to fit the matress protector under the fitted sheet without it bunching up and causing wrinkles and bumps . What we also found to be troubling is that your bed needs to be acertain height for the co-sleeper . you can buy leg extensions for your co-sleeper if your bed is too high , but as it turns out our bed is about four inches too short for the co-sleeper . According to the regulations . so we were forced either to returnt the co-sleeper , raise the height of the bed , or deal with the four inch deiscrepancy.we like the product in theory . we like the idea of her haveing her space but still next to us . we 'll see how easy it will be to nurse during the night with her in the co-sleeper . bottom line ... we like the idea of this co-sleeper but would like it to be more user friendly .
 As a first time parent , I decided on the CoSleeper after reading some of the positive reviews posted here . However , based on my experience with this product , I can not recommend it for the following reasons
 I really love the idea of co-sleepers and I 'm glad that we went with that option . Unfortunately , arms-reach was a disappointment . The product 's quality is really poor . The `` mattress '' is a fold-able board with less than an inch of padding . The bed is also not usable as a play pen or travel bed because on the lower setting , the sleeping/playing surface is very uneven . There is a plastic stump in the middle . Because the mattress is so thin and wobbly , the four corners end up being significantly lower than the center part . Assembling and disassembling is a pain , and some fabric parts can not be taken off to be cleaned.Go with another product if you can .
 I just received our co-sleeper yesterday but am returning it today . I purchased the co-sleeper because my seven-week old son sleeps great when he sleeps with us , but slept very poorly in his bassinet . If you have n't bought a bassinet yet then I can see how this product would be just as good , but it basically is a large bassinet . I thought it would be directly even with our mattress so I could snuggle my son at night , but the mattress sits a couple inches below the side of the co-sleeper , making it impossible to cuddle up with him . ALSO ... the mattress it comes with is EXTREMELY HARD . I know babies are suppose to sleep on hard surfaces , but this is so hard it has to be uncomfortable . VERY DISSAPOINTED . We also have a pack n ' go bed which is pretty much THE SAME thing as this co-sleeper . The only difference is the co-sleeper has one side that folds down .
 Just went to the ER today after I found my 4 month old with his face wedged in the corner.This co-sleeper is not safe once they can wiggle around at all . My 4 month old can not roll over yet.He just started kicking his legs enough to move himself around . When I found him he was blue.He is fine now but I am getting rid of the co-sleeper !
 Although the premise of this product is fabulous , the manufacturer does not deliver a well executed unit.Difficult assembly is a minor detail as the mattress is as hard as a rock . UNLESS , you want to purchase the upgraded organic mattress for $ 150.00 and I did n't even spend that much on my crib mattress!Don ' t waste your money !
 I bought the Original because I thought it would last for a while compared to the Mini . Putting it together was not terribly difficult . Taking it apart is , but others have commented on that extensively , so I will not dwell on that . Btw , once it was taken apart by two engineers , I had no idea how it could fit in the travel bag again.Now , the problem is that this cosleeper does NOT work with platform beds . I have an IKEA Malm platform bed . These are the problems you will face with a platform bed like mine and make the cosleeper virtually useless as intended :1 -RRB- the platform bed is lower than the cosleeper . You will have to raise the bed by e.g. putting concrete blocks or leg extenders under it to fix that .2 -RRB- the lip around the platform bed creates a gap between the sides and a low point between the cosleeper and bed mattress . You ca n't properly fix that .3 -RRB- the strap that secures the cosleeper against the bed goes under the mattress . However , the lip around the platform bed interferes with that too.Facing all these issues , I called customer service and they told me that it was not made for a platform bed . Mmmmm , did I see that in the description anywhere ? No , but they recommended to buy the Euro version because that would work . They also said there was nothing I could really do to make it work safely as a cosleeper.Since I never used it as a cosleeper , I ca n't use comment on how effective it is . I did notice a * very * firm mattress . The materials are nice and construction is solid .
 I set up the co-sleeper with added leg pieces so that it 's level with our bed . It 's awkword because if you lay the baby in there lengthwise , it 's really awkward to get him out at night . If you lay him in there sideways , then he 's too big for it in about 2-3 weeks . The mattress is really hard , and the sheet sets are a fortune . My baby slept in it for 3 or 4 nights and refused to be left in it . Plus , having the cosleeper makes getting in and out of bed a pain . I 'll be using it as a play yard once our baby gets bigger , I 'm glad I got mine used instead of buying it new!A play yard with an infant sleeper would have been the same if not better !
 Despite the fact that the product serves its purpose being a compact co-sleeper , I just can not recommend it to my friends as it is very hard to dissasemble . Why not make it easier for an adult to operate -LRB- yet child-proof -RRB- so that it 's easier to take apart ?
 This is a really great idea and should be a wonderful buy . We were really looking forward to using it . However , we did n't realise it was only for babies up to 3 months , and it proved to be just too big for our little ` un . He just could n't settle in it , and after a few attempts , we had to use a bassinet instead . We 'll still be able to use it as a playard , but that was n't what we bought it for.I 'd recommend getting the mini co-sleeper , one this big just seems a little pointless , as well as expensive
 I thought this product would be excellent for my newborn daughter . It seemed like a great way to keep her close for midnight feedings . However , it arrived without directions , was complicated to set up and take down , and does n't seem to be that comfortable for her . It also makes it difficult to get out of bed due to its size and inability to move . I wish I would have read more reviews and purchased something less expensive .
 The `` brush '' part is shaped like an `` h '' so that if you were to fit in in the babies mouth around their teeth it would fit something like a mouth gaurd and then you 'd have to slide it over the teeth back and forth for the brushes to hit the surfaces . I would think it would be much more useful if the end with the bristles was flat with bristles on both sides . We had an easier time with a toddler brush than with this thing.adding this later ... while it has n't been a great toothbrush it 's been useful for teething for my toddler .
 My 10 month old likes this toothbrush/teether but she also likes to chew on the handle part which is thinner than the toothbrush part . If I left her alone with it , I 'd be afraid she could choke on it . It 's fine if the baby is supervised by an adult while using . I would n't use it in place of a pacifier tho .
 My daughter hated having her teeth brushed . I saw this in a catalog for baby safety items and found it cheaper on Amazon . I ordered it , thinking it would be a great choice for my teething baby.This thing is TINY , like as long as my finger . The entire thing is made out of soft sillicone so the handle is a bit pointless - you ca n't really maneuver it at all . Once the baby bites down on the bristles , you ca n't move the thing anyway . It would make more sense if this item had a larger handle so baby could hold it and it would n't be as easily a choking hazard.I found it pointless - if this was to clean her teeth , well she was cleaning her teeth just as well by sucking on her washcloth in her bath , or chewing on the edge of her blanket . Also , do know you ca n't pick color . We received pink - I did n't care as that we have a daughter but another may not be happy with lack of color choice .
 We are n't really sure that this is working or not . I think this is more for the concept of brushing teeth more than anything . I have been disappointed .
 Lost within two days . Needs to come with a string or something.Found them on the shelves of WALMART.Never buying again , though . : |
 The truth is , my daughter does n't really like this product . I have tried to give it to her a few times , and she consistently rejects it . Luckily I bought dental wipes as well , which as far more effective .
 who was this thing designed for ? I was surprised when I received this item and took note of the actual size of the brush . Its way too big for my baby to get into her mouth and so its become a general chew toy that she bites the end of . I really do n't see this helping her in any way unless I cut the thing down to half its size . I was fortunate that I bought several different types for her to chews from -LRB- pun intended -RRB- !
 We were disappointed in this product . My baby was 8 months at the time of purchase , liked paci 's & chewing on pretty much anything she could get her hands on . She chewed on this 30 seconds & tossed it . I continued to re-introduce it to her over a couple days and she just had no interest . I tried an organic toothpaste she likes on the `` toothbrush '' which helped her chew it for a minute ; however , even with guidance , the bristles did not wrap around teeth/gums in order to work properly . For this reason , the `` first toothbrush '' is lucky to get 2 stars . I am sure it helps brush other children 's teeth when a child will chew it long enough , otherwise , I recommend just using a washcloth or the finger toothbrush .
 I had high hopes for this product after reading through all the reviews . I excitedly opened and washed it as soon as it arrived , with excited anticipation that this would be THE toothbrush my 1-year old would love . But alas , it was a big fat failure . My daughter barely even gave it a second look . She held it for a second and soon dropped it on the floor . My husband tried it with her again later on and it still did n't work . I 'm not sure if it 's because it 's intended for younger babies or not but either way , it 's now just sitting there hardly touched or even noticed.Go for the banana toothbrush instead . I received both on the same day and our daughter absolutely loved that one . It has made brushing much easier .
 I bought this product because of the glowing reviews , but my son had zero interest in it . It 's a shame , too , because he 's had 8 teeth since he was 8 months old and at 11 months I still have n't figured out a way to get them brushed .
 I put this product on baby registry because the ability to see my baby while nursing seemed very attractive . This was one of the most expensive privacy blankets on the market . I am disappointed that it is not very easy to use , especially with a baby who does not latch on too well and is fussy . If your baby goes to the breast easily , this may not be a problem , but so far , I have been unable to use it .
 the cloth is thin and not good quality . not worth the money . i was hoping something much better with this price
 This is the first product review that I have ever submitted , as I felt the need to describe this product and it 's lack of adequacy . First of all , this product is highly over-priced . At over $ 30 , you are essentially paying triple the cost of a $ 5 piece of material , insufficient boning support -LRB- needed to be able to see your baby without holding the neck area up yourself -RRB- , and a small buckle . If you plan to use this product with a newborn -LRB- which means that you need both hands to latch the baby -RRB- , you 'd better either develop x-ray vision to see through the material or learn to latch without any visual assistance , because the neck support WILL NOT stay up on it 's own . Better to safe yourself the money and hassle of returing , and either use a blanket/towel or make your own .
 Skip it . I can not speak for all babies , but I would test out a homemade prototype before buying a nursing cover ... my daughter was always shucking it off due to our excessive body heat . Collar sometimes worked , and sometimes did n't . Somehow it brought more attention to a breastfeeding session as opposed to just 1977ing it . Keep the deal natural and sweet by not purchasing this cover .
 I tried using it at home and did n't at all find it to be covering me appropriately ... It does n't give u any coverage in the back . If u r wearing a shirt , ur back is completely visible and also it gives u coverage only to one side . The worst part is , it does n't give good visibility to ur child b/c it bends at a wierd angle and blocks visibility to ur child ... somehow it was very annoying to use it . I returned the item after trying to use it twice at home .
 I am a BFing mother of two , and I like to be very private in public when BFing . I bought the Hooter Hider to use while in public , however it was more work than helpful . It was n't very easy to put on while navigating a hungry baby . Also , my baby would pull the fabric away , and I was either exposed on the side or completly in the front . The wind in the park also blew the cover ; it was hard to hold the baby and hold the hooter hider in the wind . Also , I had a hard time propping my baby up in public so that both of us could be comfortable while BFing . Finally , I bought the Covillow ! It addressed all these issues . I can BF in public while my front , back , and sides are covered . I do n't have to worry about my baby pulling the fabric or wind exposing me . And , we both can rest easy as he lays on the pillow to BF ! Awesome . I can finally BF in public and be relaxed at the same time .
 Product not as nice as advertised . Too long and the colours are not that bright
 Someone got me one of these as shower gift . Totatlly worthless . It is much easier , more comfortable and more discrete just to wear a loose shirt .
 This is NOT the way the cover looks it is SOOOOO NOT Pink and Brown . The picture on this is beyond wrong . The product is great but the color was terrible in person .
 I bought a bunch of these for our house based on the reviews that said they were impossible to get out . I 'm not sure if we received a defective batch or what , but some of them stay in , and others can be pulled straight out and wont lock in no matter what we do . Very disappointed in the outlet covers , as we are probably going to have to replace them with a different kind .
 This product did not work for us . Once in place , my son was able to pry them out without much effort . It could be that our outlets were the problem . The plugs would n't click so they were n't really secure .
 After reading the reviews I was hoping these would keep my little one safe . However , even after I followed the directions , the plugs would just fall right out of the outlet/socket ... with out any prompting at all.I had to return these ... thankfully Amazon is GREAT about their return policy .
 Those plugs suppose to be relatively easy removable by adults . Easier than `` trivial '' plugs . Practically it is really tough to get them out after they are installed . Barely possible without tools . Fingers hurt . If you do n't use the outlet very often buy and use simple plugs . If you do need it often thenHome Safety Universal Outlet Cover in White -LRB- Set of 3 -RRB- work much better .
 I know the point is to make it hard for the little ones to reach the outlets , but once these are installed there is NO getting them off without destroying the darn thing ! We had to use pliers to wrench this thing out of the outlet , and by the time it came free , it was completely destroyed . We tried multiple ones from the box and they are all the same -LRB- we had hoped that the first two were just defective -RRB- . BEWARE ! We almost broke the outlet trying to get these little buggers off .
 I wish I 'd read the review below before I bought a packet & inserted -LRB- thank goodness only -RRB- one of these . He 's right , they are impossible to get out of the outlet -- I have been working on it till my fingers are sore and it wo n't come out . Do n't buy !
 This is a great way to prevent your kids from sticking something in the socket . Unfortunately , it will also prevent you from sticking anything in the socket when you want to use the outlet . These things are almost impossible to remove . They have a hook on them that locks into the ground hole of the outlet . The way they are made , the hook does not disengage well enough when pressing the right combinations of buttons , so the plug becomes permanently locked into the socket . It took me 15 minutes to remove the one that I inserted , and I had to resort to the toolbox to get it out . Save your money , get something else .
 I 'm a big fan of the `` Safety 1st '' stuff ... except for this outlet plug.The package even says `` DELUXE '' , so how can you go wrong ? Oooh ... so wrong , like in a heart beat is how you can go!Please read the other 1-star reviews!Please read the other 1-star reviews!Please read the other 1-star reviews!Please read the other 1-star reviews!I ca n't emphasize how badly these plugs are designed!I 'm an engineer , and I know how things are supposed to work ! The side tabs do n't push in and the top tab to release , does n't push down enough to release . Therefore , the plug is just stuck now.NOTE
 These covers are extremely frustrating . Sure , they keep my kids out of harms way , but can not be removed to plug anything in . I have successfully loosened an outlet and coverplate from the wall after 10 minutes of trying every combination of side squeezing and top pushing and wiggling of the cover . Fingers raw , Press-Fit cover still safely covering the outlet . So while I am now confident that my kids are safe , I would recommend NOT buying this product if you plan on ever removing the cover to plug something in .
 Yes , they are difficult to remove ... that is the point , of course.But they break easily upon removal.Only use in outlets you have absolutely no intention of using until after your child is old enough to know not to stick anything in them .
 Both my husband and I could not operate the safety feature and open the cover . It 's more than child proof . We decided to purchase the old plastic covers and remove them when needed as it 's much easier that using this product . I had to return them to Amazon for a refund .
 We tried these when my todder started to be able to pull out simpler socket protectors . First , they would n't go into all the sockets . Sometimes they 'd work on one socket in a pair , but not the other , so I do n't htink that was user error or some problem with the fixture . Second , my 2 year old was able to figure out the mechanism and strong enough to pull them out within 20 minutes .
 These outlet plugs are terrible . I inserted a few into outlets and then wanted to double check that I could remove them before I baby-proofed the rest of my outlets.Good thing I checked , because the three I inserted will not budge despite my best efforts . I may not be able to use those outlets ever again . Do not buy this product .
 I hated these plugs . After installing these into an outlet , I could not get it out . I ended up using a screw driver to pry it out while pushing in the tab . After looking at several more of these , I saw the same problem . Perhaps it may be that my outlets are newer but I would think it is pretty much universal .
 It is too tight to put in or take out of the outlet . Very useless . Also , it is too fragile .
 I tried this with 3-4 plugs in my house.Almost all of them are very difficult to pull out once pushed into the plugs.One of them even made my plug broken ... Not sure if this is intentionally designed for safety but I dont want my plugs to be useless ...
 This thing is a piece of junk . Do n't waste your money . The `` safety '' design as I 'll laughingly call it seems to be based around the idea that you have to pull the two tabs you see in the picture out to unlock the compartment and then the case slides out of the way . I have no idea why there are two tabs since you only have to pull one to release it . And even if you do n't pull either tab it just means a little more force is needed to tug on it and it still slides apart with relative ease . So easy in fact that my 16 month old toddler defeated it just one day after we bought it . I wish I could give this thing zero stars .
 This product will only work for outlets that have one screw in the middle , as opposed to the ones that have screws on top and bottom . Not sure why they ca n't make it for both like the Kidco ones , but in any case , it 's not useable for our outlets . I wish I knew that before I ordered it .
 The benefit of this cover is that it expands so you can control how long the cover is -LRB- as in , its length along the wall , not how far it juts out from the wall -RRB- . So if you have a long adapter , this is probably the cover you need . But I found this a complete pain to use . You have to take the whole thing apart in order to plug a cord in or take one out . The bottom part does n't stay attached while you remove the top part to access the plugs . This got annoying fast . I wound up removing it completely and going with the KidCo outlet cover - much better .
 We thought these would be ideal - we 'd install them before he was able to crawl , we 'd keep them turned down so we would have free entry into all drawers until he became curious and able.Well , now he is `` curious and able '' and the locks , when engaged in the upright safety mode , will , with enough force , jump out of the upright position and turn down allowing the drawer to fully open . Ever seen a determined toddler yank at a drawer trying to get it open ? Believe me , he has the power!I will say that we are using the cabinet lip to stop the drawer from opening , but we have several styles of child-safety locks like this one on our drawers and cabinets throughout the house using the cabinet lips to catch the lock . There is NO WAY my son can get in THOSE drawers and cabinets . But , of course , those other fail-proof locks do not have this turn-down convenience feature - thank goodness ! It is too much work to install these to find out they do n't really work .
 Given the fact that I spent 3 hours installing these things -LRB- using extreme care to ensure they are installed correctly -RRB- ... and my 12-month-old daughter learned how to open the cabinets despite these `` ultra secure '' latches , I tend to question just how good a product they are . Either my child is a genius , or the latches are n't `` ultra secure '' as advertised ; I 'll leave that decision to the reader.They barely get 2 stars , as they do offer a bit of deterrence ; the latches and strike plates also do make a bit of sound when opened as well .
 I had this item on my baby registry and was given the item at my baby shower . We had several people by the base and since I had two many I wanted to send the item back for a credit . I emailed Chapin through Amazon and was told to send the item back for a full credit minus the shipping . I paid to ship the item back to Chapin but a month later I still did not have the credit . I emailed Chapin several times and got no answer so I emailed Amazon . Amazon tells me that Chapin put the money on the gift givers credit card and there is nothing I can do about my gift . I am not fighting with Amazon and Chapin because I have the email from Chapin telling me I would be the one to get a credit . Not only am I disappointed in Amazon and will have to think hard about ordering anything else from them , I would never buy anything else from Chapin .
 I purchased this seat on the recommendation of Consumer Reports , expecting the safest seat on the market . In order to make certain it was installed perfectly , I visited a local California police department and had a trained and certified car seat inspector install it.Where the LATCH system attaches -LRB- or along the belt path if not using LATCH -RRB- the seat is very secure . Wo n't budge an inch . HOWEVER , the back of the seat and base remain completely untethered and will lift up at least seven inches off the seat . My installer said this is incredibly unsafe in the event of being rear ended at moderate to high speeds.I spoke with Chicco 's car seat safety person who said it is n't a concern because most accidents are head on collisions . She also mentioned that in the past month they have received at least eight other complaints from the California Highway Patrol about this issue.I 've been looking into this issue extensively and have learned that all infant seats with bases are designed this way and have the same problem . It 's so common it has a name
 The bad news
 I bought this pump after reading all the positive reviews on amazon but unfortunately this did not work for me . First of all , it took an awfully long time to pump even a little amount of milk . I was left with a sore back and achy arms after few minutes of pumping . I just could not get enough milk from this pump so ended renting a hospital grade pump which worked wonderfully.I think this product might work for moms with a fully established flow of milk but might not suit moms who have just had their babies and with low milk supply . My advice try an electric one -LRB- they look scary !! -RRB- and then switch to a manual one later .
 I bought this product from Wal-Mart . It lost suction after only 1 month . Waste of $ . Should have just paid more for a pump that will last .
 The pump is light to carry around and pretty easy to wash -LRB- especially if you have one of those baby bottle brushes with the small nipple brush -RRB- . It comes with an extra bottle , covers for the bottles so that they can be stored directly in the fridge/freezer , and a couple of freezer bags for the milk . The extra came in handly when the little plastic piece that clicks into the handle broke while I was trying to pull the handle off to wash . I guess you have to be really careful when you disassemble it . There 's also a replacement rubber piece in case the other one rips , which I have n't had a problem with . The bottles hold 6.5 oz , so I never fill it up completely since the baby only takes 2-3 oz per feeding . While it might have been convenient to stick with the Lansinoh system and just use the bottle directly with the nipple , the reviews on it were n't all favorable so I did n't stick with the Lansinoh system . I just wanted this pump because of the high ratings.It has worked ok for me pumping occasionally -LRB- when I get engorged -RRB- . To be most effective for me , the pump needs to be used in conjunction with manual expression -LRB- squeezing the breast while pumping with the other hand -RRB- or having the baby nursing on the other side . Hardly anything comes out if I just use the pump alone . You want to make sure you squeeze out all the lumps so you do n't get mastitis . Of course , both these two methods have their disadvangages
 i purchased this pump and for me it was very uncomfortable -LRB- my nipples are too big i guess ? -RRB- i ended up throwing it away and kept the Medela Harmony Manual Breast Pump which came with two sizes and i could pump with one hand and feed my daughter on the other side at the same time
 My wife has used it for 100 days without problem . Last night , it does n't work anymore . Manu . does n't offer warranty on this product . I have to go to local store to get another one in the mid-night . Poor experience .
 I bought this pump because of the high reviews , but this was disappointing . It was very uncomfortable and I could barely pump 2oz . It took 15 minutes of pumping for a little less than 2oz !! It was not worth it for me . My son is exclusively breastfed and at 10 weeks I have an established milk supply . Waste of money for me .
 got it for my wife and she tried various techniques and found not efficient at all . For occasional l use , may be ok . But if you need to use it frequently , I suggest you may not happy with one . She used it for few days and thrown it away .
 I suppose this would be a good idea if you were an A or B cup but I have to wonder how many lactating women can actually use the very teeny breast shield on this pump , which is even smaller than the smallest Medela shield and can not be removed and replaced with a larger one like the Medela pump can . Utterly ineffective and not even returnable , so think twice if you are somewhat larger than an adolescent up top .
 Lansinoh manual hand pump offers little suction . I tried it with and without the silicone insert , and there is little suction . A few times , I pumped nothing . However , if you are engorged with milk , this could prove to be useful -LRB- but so could expressing milk by hand -RRB- . The manual pump is not useful for those with poor milk production . It does not compare to the $ 1800 hospital pumps .
 this worked for a few weeks ... now its not working at all . I do not know if it is possible for a manual pump not to work but its not working ... even when my breast is full
 I have owned this pump for two weeks . The first 2 days , it worked okay - It got a little bit out at a time . Then , it worked even less . I can extract more milk by squeezing my breasts . I had all the parts replaced that had to do with suction and it still does n't work well . I used another pump so I know it 's not my milk supply . I wish I 'd gotten the Avent pump .
 Okay ... let me first say that for the price this is a great pump for expressing milk . I get the same amount of milk generally with this that I can get with my double electric avent pump . However , I rated this product with a 2 star because it squeeks so badly . It started squeeking within 2 weeks ! Now , I did read reviews before purchasing and remember others stating that it would squeek as well . BUT ... I had no clue how loud ... it IS LOUD ! The only way that I can get it to stop squeeking once it starts is to pull the pump handle to the side while pumping ... annoying . Also , despite that it comes with two membranes it is already losing suction . I think it might have to do with the handle though.Overall this is an okay pump to get you buy until you can get a better one but I would n't plan on it lasting very long . In this case you get what you pay for.The nipple cream made by this company is amazing though !
 I have had serious supply issues since my baby was born and have been a pumper/supplementer since my -LRB- now 3-month old -RRB- baby was 2 weeks using the Medela Freestyle -LRB- which has been great -RRB- . Recently went on vacation and forgot my charger . I could n't find a universal charger at the store , so I bought this pump instead based on the good reviews . The Lansinoh manual pump did n't work for me at all . I got about 5 ccs from each side , and my hand practically fell off while pumping -LRB- did about 15 minutes each side -RRB- . I had to go back to the store and keep searching for a charger so I could use the Freestyle again and not ruin my already limited supply.As a point of reference , I typically pump 15-20 minutes each session with my double pump , and I also pump at the the second highest and highest settings . So , if you are a person with supply issues and someone that requires a great deal of suction , this is NOT the pump for you .
 I purchased both the Medela and Lansinoh manual pumps , and found the Medela to be the better pump for a number of reasons : - Lansinoh squeaks when you pump - More parts to dissamble and clean - entirely loses suction if there is even a tiny amount of moisture anywhere in the plastic components - handle does not pivot , less comfortable - plastic looks cheapIn comparison , the Medela is easy to clean , dry and reuse . Will retain suction with a little moisture present . Handle pivots so more comfortable to pump . I found it easier to pump one-handed . It is MUCH quieter . Any basic bottle will screw in . It looks higher quality.The only thing I like better about the Lansinoh is the flange is angled downward and it is n't on the Medela , so milk will spill if you do n't lean forward.I wish I did n't buy the Lansinoh . I threw away 30 $ .
 I found a couple rather important flaws in the design of this Magic Potty . It seems like it would be great if your child used it as a stand alone leave-it-on-the-floor potty . The problems I 've run into all surround the transitional uses . First , the seat slides all over the toilet !! It 's rather dangerous and I have to be right there with my very independent daughter to make sure it does n't slip off the toilet while she tries to get on - which also brings me to the next point . The step stool is WAY too short and the cover does n't always close securely , which leads to an unsteady step for my child to step onto . We bought this when my daughter was 18 mos . old , she is tall for her age . She is 2 now and this thing is still not tall enough for her to comfortably slide onto the toilet - and forget about reaching the sink to wash her hands !! I am currently looking at other options ... I 'm sure this would have been great to use just as a floor model , though .
 I bought these after looking at the product in print and wanting solid white . However what I received was not what I thought I was getting . They are simply white underwear . The back of the product says , Not for Nap Time . Really too bad I did not know this prior.I have a 25 pound toddler who uses the potty 97 % of the time but if she is exhaused wo n't wake up at night and will leak all over the bed . Just want cloth night time underwear that will protect her just incase , while waking her up with the feeling of wet pants . Sounds like this is not that product . -LRB- What ever happened to products our Mothers used in the 1970 's before Pull Ups ? -RRB- Since they did not respond to my voicemail messages requesting to know if they sold a different or additional product I would need , I will simply return these . -LRB- There 1 email response does not say which product they sell , just that they are not waterproof & would need waterproof pants . -RRB- They should have provided an item number or specify , we do not sell that product . Would have rather exchanged this item or purchased an additional product from them since I am already in an order with them.I did go to a different seller to purchase `` Night Time Training Pants - Waterproof with Xtra Absorbent Padding '' . THERE RESPONSE TO HELP YOU BEFORE YOU ORDER PARTIAL PRODUCTS IF YOU NEED MORE OR ALTERNATIVE PRODUCTS : The product you ordered has no waterproof layer on it , so it may leak through depending on the amount of fluid they do n't recommend them to be used overnight . If you are concerned about leaks , using pull on waterproof pants will solve that problem .
 We tried Supreme , size 4 to my BB , and it is not the best fit to him . The material is not soft , and absorb less than Pampers Cruiser . Huggies size 1-3 regular are pretty good , now , we turned to use Pampers .
 We have used almost every diaper out there on the market . Huggies is a brand prone to much frustration , because although the diaper itself has excellent absorption , it is NOT designed to hold in baby 's pee pee and poo poo as well as many other diapers we 've tried . There is not enough material on the sides of the diaper to hold everything in ! And it is not that easy to put on baby , since the tabs and diaper sag , and are hard to position under baby . In conclusion , there are many other brands that blow ` Huggies ' away . This diaper is WAY overrated !
 Manufacturer shipped a defective product -LRB- missing key parts and damaged -RRB- and will not cooperate to resolve problem . The issue is still under investigation and do not know when it will get corrected . I would not buy anything from Big & Little .
 Do n't buy from Big and Little ... they delivered a defective item , did n't fulfill their promise to make it right and send us a table in good shape , they then gave us an incomplete refund ... we have an investigation on them through Amazon currently ... do n't get ripped off by this company ...
 I purchased this gate for the top of our stairs based on the great reviews it received . My husband installed it with little trouble , although he did have to get drywall anchors for the screws as their were n't studs nearby.However , one installed , we could tell the gate just was n't sturdy enough to really feel comfortable with . The wood rungs are very thin and bendable . Our baby is 10 months old , and while he could n't do any damage to it now , I 'm concerned a wood slat could snap when he gets older -LRB- maybe 18 mos -RRB- . Also , we have a 5 year old who will be using the gate , and I 'm not comfortable with the idea of him putting any weight onto this gate as he 's using it , I feel it could easily break.We 're retuning this item.I think it 's a fine gate for other household areas , but I would n't trust it for the top of the stairs .
 Stay away . This gate is badly designed , badly engineered , and impossible to operate easily . The fatal flaw
 It 's hard to open , even harder to close . I 'm afraid I wo n't latch it correctly and there goes the baby down the stairs ! Trying to slide the ends into the slots everytime I close it is a pain . One handed operation is nearly impossible . AND - it 's really not all that nice looking .
 Sometimes tough to open , wood is sliding on wood and sometimes it sticks , plus can be tough to fit to openings that have high baseboards .
 We bought this gate yesterday and returned it today ! It is easy to install , and why not ? There 's nothing to it ! Once installed , THE BOTTOM RAIL POPS OUT and can not be secured into place ! With any child old enough to walk , this is a safety hazard as they could push the bottom of the gate and potentially get their head stuck between the gate and the door jam ! The directions also tell you to install the gate between 2-3 '' from the ground . At this height , if a toddler climbs on the gate it will make the gate bend , further causing distortion to the side that already wo n't stay in place !! We replaced this one with the `` SIMPLE & SECURE STAIR GATE '' -LRB- made by The First Years -RRB- WHICH WE LOVE !!!! Easy to install and SO SECURE at the top of our stairs !
 This gate is the best of the cheap gates . But in the end , it is just a cheap gate . The other reviews stating it is rock solid have NEVER ventured into the $ 50 dollar and above range ... We wanted three gates -LRB- Top of Stairs , bottom of stairs , and kitchen -RRB- . The kitchen was simple , the hands free -LRB- which I must say is a simply a great gate -RRB- . For the top of the stairs , we chose this one , simple and sturdy . It is neither . It is flimsy and cheaply made . It reminds me of those gates from twenty years ago . If you put your children first , by quality , either hands free or KIDCO offerings ... In fact , anything but this one ... TRUST ME ... You will be SO MUCH HAPPIER for spending the extra $ 15 bucks or so ...
 we bought this gate for the top of our stairs . The very first time my 10 month old touched it the bottom popped out . There is not way to adjust it to fix this problem . It is very unsafe . We are returning it .
 We had a difficult time finding a gate for our wide open doorway and was excited about this gate . It took my husband a few hours to get it set up and then I found the latch difficult to maneuver one handed . My 22 pound 1 year old slammed it when open and managed to break the latch . I found this gate very frustrating and would love to replace it !
 We have a very tall beautiful wood staircase , with two separate entrances at the bottom . It was imperative for us to find two gates for the bottom entrances that could be easily opened with one hand , and still be safe and secure . This one failed the test!We purchased and installed two of these gates into our beautiful oak wood bannister . They installed seemingly easily , until we tried to used them . We could not get the top and bottom of the gates to align properly . I after an hour of trying to open the latch , could not get it to budge . My husband could get it open , but then you could n't get the bottom part of the gate to align . In order to go through the gate , I needed both hands . Well , no way in H * LL that was going to work if your trying to carry a sleeping infant off to bed ! We tried to reinstall them a 2nd time , and the screws would n't even come out of the banister . The heads broke off and the screws are still in our lovely bannister for life ! No way to get them out.If you do purchase these gates to match your woodwork ... please be very cautious when installing them into your wood banister . If you make a mistake ... it 's forever ! No way to fix your wood . Trust me ... wood putty wo n't be enough . Also , the screws provided are cheap screws -LRB- all baby gates come with cheap screws we found -RRB- . They assume you 're installing into drywall . If you install into wood ... GO BUY SOME GOOD CARPENTRY SCREWS FIRST ! The ones provided will strip , bend , and break .
 This is probably my 4th gate purchase after searching for the perfect one for the top of my stair and reading the great reviews for this product I bought it . I have a 3yr old , an 18 month old and # 3 on the way I wanted a gate that was easy to open/close with one hand while carriying a baby ... this was not it . You have to make sure that the top and bottom line up exactly to get it to lock not exactly easy with one hand and then when you have to slide it to open I have already pinched my hand in it multiple times and it had only been up 1 day !!
 Cheaply made of unfinished wood . Seems sturdy enough once it 's latched , but just because it 's made of wood does not mean it is good quality . It is stapled together -LRB- no screws , dowels , or glue -RRB- , flexes in every direction and binds when you try to slide it open or shut . The quick removal feature means the hardware on the hinge side is also sloppy and rattles . We took it down after 2 days and were happy to spend twice as much on a better gate .
 I bought this gate to keep my 16 month old out of the kitchen . I have ruined my wall with all the holes I had to put in because it would only hold for about 3 weeks then the screws would fall out , it also caused the wall to crack just behind where the gate would swing open . I have moved it back and forth on the same opening about 8 inches wide . This has been going on for about 2 months and the wall wo n't even hold any more because of all of the spackle I had to put on . I am returnig the gate today and going to get the everflo position and lock gate . I already had one position and lock gate that I used to gate up my litter box so I am using that one until I can get to babies r us to get another one . . Do n't waste your money on this gate just get the cheaper one that wo n't damage your walls .
 You 'd get better security , and better build quality , if you installed a house of cards at the top of your stairs . The template that comes with it is wrong -LRB- so more holes in your wall -RRB- . Once you get it installed , you 'll notice that the bottom rail pops right out because the wooden ` gate ' - and I use that term loosely - is rickety junk . Either the people who gave this gate 5 stars are morons , or they got some pre-NAFTA version that is n't slapped together from the cheapest materials possible . Buy the First Years Simple & Secure Stair Gate . Excellent construction , great instructions .
 at first i thought that this gate was great . however , it fell apart after a week . great idea , terrible workmanship . i would not recommend this to anyone who wants to keep a baby safe , its just a waste of money .
 I got these gates about 2-3 yrs ago , they worked great in the beginning , but after time -LRB- 2-3yrs -RRB- they seemed to become softer -LRB- wood -RRB- and more flexible to the kids abuse ... my kids pull on the gates some so they are rough -LRB- 3 and 1 yrs old -RRB- but not so rough that these should not hold up ... I HAVE 3 of these , and my son 3 yrs old now knows how to open them and let our baby up/down the stairs -LRB- he is only 1 so this is very dangerous -RRB- ... Obviously we are going out to purchase a different kind ... Look wise these served their purpose , but quality & craftsmanship , I would think they should last past 3yrs , but they have not , so that is why I say BUYER BEWARE .
 We bought ours at Lowes . We were so happy because it looks good , it 's lightweight , and easy to open . However , after installing it on top of our stairs , I question my husband on how it swings ... then all of sudden the spindle came off ! The spindle was just glued on it ! I was so shocked and returned it the next day . This should have been recalled .
 The BabiesRUs store I went to did not have one out of the box to look at , so I went off of what I could tell on the box . Once I got it home , a few things became obvious . First , it would not work with my stairs due to the lack of a stud in the proper place on the wall side . I realize that is not a design flaw in the product and just an incompatibility . However , I also found it to be a poor design . When the gate was open , the two pieces would freely slide in and out from each other . Due to the space between the two pieces , it presented an obvious pinching hazard to little fingers and adult fingers alike .
 I loved the look of this gate , but installing was a nightmare if you have nice tall baseboards -LRB- which I do -RRB- . It was so frustrating for my husband that 30 minutes into trying to figure out how we were going to get the gate on strait with the baseboard in the way , he was so frustrated with the install design that he packaged it up and took it back to the store . We could not put the gate above our baaseboards because it was to high off the ground and our daughter would slide under and get stuck or hurt . We could n't drill into our baseboards because there was no way for us to line up the gate afterwards -LRB- our baseboards stick out from the wall too far -RRB- . The designer of this product should get a clue based on so many other reviews about difficult installation and make some changes to their product that will allow a gate to be installed over baseboards . Who likes drilling into their baseboards anyway ? All that evenflo would have to do is raise the mounting bars on the bottoms of each side by a few inches and it would work much easier for people with baseboards -LRB- which is most of the population -RRB- .
 We had a baby safety company baby-proof our home , and several safety gates were installed . The Kidco , inc pressure gate works well in our hallway and is easy to open and close . We have two Evenflo Walk-through stair gates . One , at the top of the stairs , works fairly well , but you need to use two hands when opening and closing this gate -LRB- which means putting down a crying child momentarily while wrestling with the gate -RRB- . The one at the bottom of the stairs is useless , since the wood appears to have warped and can not be closed without pulling the entire gate -LRB- screws and all -RRB- out of the wall . We 're in the process of looking for another gate -LRB- anything-but-wood -RRB- which can be opened easily with one hand . Hope this helps .
 I bought this gate because the reviews were good . While it 's a sturdy gate , and matches the decor/woodwork in our house , it is very difficult to open and close . You have to slide the gate and lift a lever while you slide it into a slot . Sometimes the top and bottom do n't go into their respective slots at the same time . It 's really a pain in the butt , especially if you are caring a baby in one arm.I recommend trying a gate that does not slide .
 We bought the Evenflo Secure Solutions Swing Gate for our 9 month old . My husband installed the gate which was not a huge ordeal.We are both disapponted with the gate for several reasons.It is very cheap material plastic and wood . It is not very easy to open , even for an adult . I do not see it lasting very long . The hardware to install the gate is very cheap also.I would not recommend this gate for anyone .
 We got this first for our dog . The dog pushes the bottom of the gate open and squeezes through . Ca n't imagine what would happen if a child did the same thing . I 'm looking for a better one that latches better at the bottom .
 I 've read some of the parents comments regarding this gate , and it sounds like the gate is CHEAP . Just as an FYI because our sitter did not have a gate on her stair case , my 13 month old son fell , cut his head and had to get 5 stitches lastnight . He will have a scar the rest of his life and I 'm sick to my stomach about it.Word of advise , invest in a well constructed sturdy gate , it might save your child from getting badly injured .
 I reviewed lots of gates before I bought this one , and it seemed to be the highest quality for the price . I like the fact that it 's made of wood which matches our baby 's room decor -LRB- the gate is on her doorway , as the stairs are right outside -RRB- , and the vertical slats are great as she 's a climber . It was also very easy to install , now that the correct template is included . HOWEVER , the first time my daughter tried to rattle the gate around the bottom rail slid right out of the wall support , and with a little pulling on her part there was a lot of room between the last slat and the door frame . We 've had to anchor the rail with a spring clamp -- very annoying . I ca n't find the receipt or I 'd bring the thing back , and I 'd never buy another one .
 We recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates . Within one week , our 13 month old broke two of the gates . Once by holding onto the rungs and shaking the gate the other time by grabbing one of the rungs when he tripped.Both times the rung popped right out breaking at the top and bottom . This left a gap in the rungs wide enough for our son to stick his head through which means he could get past the gate if we kept it up -LRB- which of course we did n't . -RRB-
 For the price of this gate I expected much more quality wise . My husband put the gate up at the top of the stairs on our landing , and followed the directions to a T. Well whenever we would be upstairs my daughter would stand on the gate and shake it with all of her might , and of course being the stubborn 19 months she is , I could not get her to stop doing this . Well after two weeks of doing this the part of the gate that attaches to the wall -LRB- the part that swings -RRB- ripped out of the wall . How a 2 yr old could do this I am not sure . My husband put it up again with larger anchors and screws but it looks like it is going to come out again.For $ 35 I expect much more .
 These gates were ok but I still liked the quality better from the stair gates I got at http://www.stairgatestore.com . They had great accessories too .
 I 'm not denying the quality of this gate , I am just arguing about the price . you can buy a similar quuality gate for under $ 15.00 at your local Wal-mart .
 This gate was difficult to install and is too flimsy.My 8 month old son could probably take it apart if I leftit up but I am returning it to the store.I would NOT recommend this gate especially for the top of thestairs .
 I hate this gate and quality is typical of evenflo . If I had noticed it was evenflo , I wouuld not have wasted my time . It was a pain to install . Total PAIN . Then , when it 's unlocked , it slides for adjustment . The thing is , there is no way to stop it so baby sticks his arm through slates as you open and then you have a broken or badly bruised arm . We put a screw into the wood so it would slide just a little to help prevent that . IF we had known about the second risk , we would have just taken it down then . THe next morning , it was kid tested . Yeah , all the kid has to do is push the bottom and it comes out of the bracket causing the gate bend foreward . So far , I have seen my kids push it more than a foot out of position . MAJOR STRANGLATION HAZARD . Not to mention broken bones . The wood is so flimsy it just twist every which way.As far as function goes , when you go to unlock it , sometimes it will not unhook out of the slot . I have had to pratically hang on it to get it open . Also , the gate now leans . When opened , it leans to where a ball would roll for the from to the end of the gate . Not sure how that came about . We have had this gate for a couple of months . My son has been able to push it out since he started crawling . My 2 yrold can almost squeeze out by pushing on it which has lead to her getting stuck when I made a bathroom break . Not a good gate at all . Evenflo just needs to stop . Every product I have had has been crap . I am afraid to buy their carseats . If they ca n't make a good simple baby gate , I would n't trust my child 's life to their carseats . We plan to replace within the next couple of paychecks .
 Dangerous GATE , my 3yr old has gotten his head caught in the bottom of this gate in addition to his back being bruised & loose skin off it , because of this gate ... WHAT happens is he tryes to go underneath to gain exit/entry and tryes to squezze his way through , and since the bottom latch will become undone with pressure in the direction it open in it will unlatch only at the bottom creating a opening larger , but not large enough to go through , so it ends up pinching them in the rug/gate ... NOT a good gate!BEWARE !!!
 I originally bought one of these from a catalog and LOVED it . It was sturdy , durable and perfect for my needs . I bought another at the store and attempted to assemble it tonight and IT WAS TERRIBLE !!! The gate will be promptly returned to the store tomorrow.I 'm not even sure what the problem is . The only difference is the brand . It is in all other ways , pieces , and so forth identical to the original that I love . If this is how they are making this gate now , I 'm going to have to find something else .
 We 've been really disappointed in this gate . It sure looks good with the wood railing banister but only works 20 % of the time . We spend the other 80 % of the time cursing it because it jams or locks-up . You have to keep hitting the remote button to get it to open . Most of the time the top latch opens but not the bottom . We even ordered a new receiver from the company to see if that was the problem . It 's such a hassel trying to get up the stairs with your hands full only to find out the gate jammed again . I 'm more than ready to replace it !
 It was annoying picking this whole gate up and replacing it everytime we wanted to get into and out our kitchen . We were willing to put up with this until one of our chihuahuas learned how to jump over the gate while we were at work , thereby tearing up some of our living room furniture . Save yourself a headache and buy the Summer Infant Extra Tall Gate ...
 the product was shipped in horrible condition , box was previously opened , ripped and missing parts . now i have to return it.BTW , I did return it to Amazon and it was replaced with one that came with better packaging . Just should have been done the first time .
 # 1 The template did not agree with our product . When you install something like this it 's very important for the holes to be kept to a minimum for security , we had to make extra holes because of the faulty template . # 2 If we yank on the bottom -LRB- latch side -RRB- it comes out making the gate unstable and we need it for the top of the stairs !! It might be too hard for a wee one to yank but `` might be '' is too much of a risk and it 's not worth our babies safety !! We will have to take it down and try another brand .
 Update
 ... there is a baseboard where you want to mount it . The instructions that come with the gate state explicitly that the gate can not be mounted because of the unevenness of the wall with a baseboard . This constraint is never mentioned in the advertising for the gate . Hopefully if you read this you will save the hassle and shipping/return costs .
 Bought this laminated baby bag from seller . Bought product as new . The bag included a changing pad prepackaged and placed within baby bag . When we opened the changing pad there were blood and fecal stains ! Yuck . This is a biohazard . Went to return bag for a replacement and seller/amazon will not allow replacement . That is okay , will return and get refund ... not sure what else we would find if we got another bag from this seller .
 I bought the Lambs & Ivy `` Sweet As A Daisy '' hamper to coordinate with my daughter 's crib bedding . While the crib set is of good quality , I can not say the same about this hamper . The fabric , mesh net , and embroidery are n't the problem ... it 's the chinzy wooden frame.First of all , it is made of very lightweight , rough , unfinished wood -LRB- pine , we think -RRB- . Then , the moment I took it out of the box and unfolded it , one of the upper dowels -LRB- which are held in only by single staple , no glue -RRB- popped out and splintered the wood . Upon closer inspection , one of the legs has a knot with a crack in it . Plus , because the wood is so light , the hamper itself is not very stable ... tossing laundry in or a curious baby grabbing at it would send it tipping over and make it break for sure.I would return this , but I 've wanted the matching hamper so badly that I wo n't . My husband is going to make a more sturdy frame for me . If you decide to buy this hamper , you may want to prepare yourself for doing the same . The only reason this gets any stars from me is because of the super-cute material . The wooden frame gets a big fat ZERO .
 We bought this to go with the matching bedding . It did n't take long for the wood to start to give out and the mesh bag has become torn . All this is just from holding laundry . It 's cute , but not very functional .
 I agree with the person before me . I received this as a gift and registered for it because I loved the design and wanted it to match the rest of the nursery decor . The frame is very cheaply made . It 's worse than plywood . It 's unfinished and lightweight . I have serious doubts about whether it 's going to hold any real laundry . Too bad they do n't make a wicker basket hamper in this design .
 I purchased the Lambs & Ivy Hamper as a baby shower gift from the recipients on-line gift registry . Cute fabric and matching bedding to go with the hamper . Problem I ran into though , was that the box the hamper was shipped in was the same original box the hamper would be in if purchased from a store . The box was thin and not suited for shipping . The box had been damaged as if something had speared the box , leaving a hole in the fabric of the hamper . I called the company to report the damage and was told that the item was no longer available and I could keep it or return it for a full refund . I liked the product but was disappointed in the company selling the product.Lambs & Ivy Sports USA Hamper
 I have used Pampers Swaddlers on my baby girl for 16 months with no problems at all . Then , I finally switched to Cruisers -LRB- she 's still small , less than 20 pounds , but is walking so I thought it was time to switch when I ran out of Swaddlers -RRB- . Well , my first problem with the Cruisers is how cheaply they are made ! The `` sticky '' closure tabs are a disaster . In the first package , I must have had at least 5 or 6 that were either missing one or both tabs , or one of the tabs was `` sewn '' down to the diaper and unusable . So frustrating ! I hate throwing away an unworn diaper ! Waste of money and just a waste of a diaper.My daughter also got her very first diaper rash of her entire life within about a week of starting to use the Cruisers . Never had a single problem with any kind of irritation when she was wearing Swaddlers , but now she seems to get them frequently and they are so bad that they make her squirm and writhe and scream in pain , not only when I 'm changing her diaper but any time that she is sitting down while wearing even a slightly dirty/wet Cruisers diaper . I have 3 bags of these left -LRB- luckily I did n't buy a 6-month supply ! -RRB- and I think I will throw them out . It was n't until I read other negative reviews about diaper rashes that I put 2 + 2 together that this must be the cause of my daughter 's horrible rashes . Going to Cruisers is the only change I 've made with her and suddenly she is breaking out in open-sored rashes every week . If I can prevent this agony for her , then it 's good-bye Cruisers !!
 I tried this for my daughter when she started crawling , but it leaves residue -LRB- white diaper gel -RRB-
 These are $ 34.99 at Publix grocery store . Plus , you can use coupons at the store . I did n't find anywhere to use them on Amazon .
 Amazon sucks , I did not get the product at all . Initially they told it will be shipped on 31st July then it postponed to 14th August 07 , I waited for almost until 22nd August 07 and nothing has happened . I had to buy Pampers from local store twice within this period . Finally I called up amazon and cancelled my order . I would not advice to go for this option at all , you would never get your order , it sucks waiting for the shipment and have to call to know the status . The online status still shows the estimated arrival date on 14th August 07 .
 I have ordered these diapers from amazon before with no problems . I have waited over a month for my most recent order . Needless to say , 24hours is optimistic .
 Enough single-use garbage diapers are used in the U.S. each year to reach to the moon and back . Think about where they come from and where they go . What kind of world do you want your kids to live in?Cloth diapers are not difficult , and regardless of the propoganda of the garbage diaper companies , they have no where near the negative environmental impact .
 After my 1yo constantly getting red marks on her hips , we switched to Huggies ! Not even Pampers cruisers have enough stretch to them to accomodate for chubby thighs :-RRB- I guess if you have a petite one , you 'll love these , but for those who have chubby bubs like me , you wo n't be so happy with these !
 I have been using pampers for almost 2 years . I have two babies both under 2 years old . DO N'T trust the promotion of all these business . SPAM !!!! It always break and the inside stuff are all over the place . TRY to use other store brand diaper . MUCH CHEAPER !!! NO DIFFERENT !!! even better at least does n't break !!!
 I have been a loyal cutomer to pampers for the past 20 months and have almost always bought my pampers swaddlers and cruisers from here at Amazon because they always had the best deal in town . I have stuck with Amazon even though their prices slowly crept up from $ 26.99 a box to now $ 33.49 a box and without coupons . I did so because I was so appreciative of their free shipping offer to here in Hawaii which saved me the trek across the island to the only toysrus here in Hawaii . Thus , I was so excited to see on December 1st , 2005 that you had a pampers promotion going on . I immediately attempted to buy 4 cases until I realized that you no longer ship to Hawaii . I ca n't even pay Amazon to ship their pampers to me because they no longer ship outside of the continental United States ! Amazon , you guys were among the first to recognize Hawaii as part of the U.S. and offer shipping prices or free shipping that was the same as the rest of the continental U.S. . You held back , unlike many other companies , and did n't charge ridiculous prices to mail items to Hawaii . Please reconsider shipping to Hawaii again .
 I love pampers cruisers and swaddlers . Cloth like , very little leakage , no leaking blue gels , and no stuck together gatherings . Unfortunately , I found out that my second child all the sudden became allergic to Pampers ; I think it 's the new ones with dry weave liners . He started to have red bumps on his bottom everywhere not characteristic of diaper rash -LRB- back , crotch , scrotum -RRB- and will not go away with diaper rash cream , topical antibiotics nor antifungals . I 'm a pediatrician so I was really puzzled . I finally switched him to Huggies and used steroid cream and they went away . I even called Pampers and they told me that the diapers are still the same . ? @ $ # $ I found out that this is not uncommon with Pampers . So moms beware . If your baby comes down with just red bumps everywhere and will not get better with diaper rash crea or antifungals -LRB- nystatin , clotrimazole -RRB- , it might be an allergic reaction .
 quality is much worse than DRY BABY , but much more expensive than that . I think it 's because of manufacture wants reduce costs . The photo of the products not match wtat thay send to you , not BABY EASY GRIPs , BUT `` COMFORT AND FLEXIBLE '' , taht you can find in any BABY RUS sores with price of 40.99 , they give you $ 15 gift card , if you buy two . Anyway , I do n't recommend you to buy thenm in BABYRUS eather , because the poor quality . They do n't absorb much . Also , it is not returnable after you buy it online here .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 The new Cruisers leak all the time . I will be switching brands after using Pampers for almost 2 years .
 I bought a box back in October and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work ?
 I used to be a dedicated Pampers consumer since my baby was born . This last round of pampers diapers were poorly contructedWhen the baby wears them you can see from outside of the diapers that the padding ends much lower than in prevous versions of this diaper . There used to be a mesh on the inside to keep moisture away and that is now gone.My baby is on the low end of the weight requirement for this diaper and they still leak.I have since switched from Pampers .
 Do n't look at the old reviews of these diapers . Just look at the ones from the past few months and you 'll see what the new trend is . I would ignore any 5 star reviews as they probably work for Pampers . There 's not a conspiracy against Pampers ... Pampers changed their diapers . They had great reviews until they changed them .
 Like the other mom reviewer , I always used cruisers . The latest box did not indicate that Proctor and Gamble had altered the product . The new ones with mesh liner are not as aborbent . My son leaked nightly and soaked his clothes and his sheets . This did not happen when we used the original version of Pamper cruisers .
 Wow !! Many of the comments above sound like commercials . For the most part this is a good diaper . Leaks are quite rare and my 10 month old seems very comfortable in it . BUT , we have had about half a dozen diapers leak the silica . 2 of the diapers leaked so badly that we spent nearly an hour cleaning the changing station . Not only that , the silica comes out like a soft gel , and is extremely hard to clean . And of course , our biggest concern has been safety . How safe is that gel if the baby accidentally consumes it ? Judging from what i 've found online on this problem , Pampers does n't seem to care.When this diaper works , it 's great ; when it fails , it fails quite spectacularly !
 Love the product but dont get it on Amazon . The same value pack -LRB- 124 pieces -RRB- costs only $ 29.89 at BJ 's .
 It is very tricky because you would think is the same size of box what Babiesrus sells and sounds like such a good price for it but when you get it delivered you see that is way less quantity then you used to buy your value pack pampers , so my advice for other purchasers is to pay attention to the quantity before you think is a good deal .
 These diapers are the most awfulest things I think I ever bought for my baby . I received a lot of the `` swaddler '' size for my baby shower and I tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth . Stopped using them and lo and behold , diaper rash gone . Fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied . Figuring that my son was older , maybe they would n't do as much harm . Wrong . The rash came back with a vengeance . I had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay . I think it 's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside . Definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin !
 I have n't received the 30 $ coupon for purchasing pampers diaper for more than 99 $ . It has been told May we will receive the coupons . But so far I have n't recived it like other people .
 I love these diapers and they were a good deal at $ 7.49 however the price increased to $ 10.49 overnight . Now it is much cheaper to buy them at Target or the grocery store .
 This used to be a good deal for buying Cruisers -LRB- especially with the free shipping over $ 25 -RRB- . But now the price has jumped from $ 7.49 to $ 10.49 overnight . It is much cheaper to buy diapers at a local store .
 Swaddlers by pampers were excellent . However when my 4 month old graduated to size 3 , I ordered cruisers and just half way thru the box she has developed very very bad rashes . I read the reviews on Huggies and found that many other people have had the same experience . Its just two days since I have started using Huggies and the rashes have alreay gone .
 Product is good and acceptable . However for the price of the produce it 's not work it.Material used is not suitable for Kids of this age .
 The product from Pampers is great . We bought this online to avoidhassles to rush into local stores.However , the shipping is really disappointing . First , I do n't think theyeven bother to ring the bell at our gate before leaving a notice . After their secondnotice on Fri. , we called them asking about the package and they told uswe could pick up -LRB- ~ 10 miles away -RRB- . On Sat . we called themagain that we wanted them to deliver on Mon instead of picking up ourselves.But nothing happened until Mon. afternoon , we called again and they couldnot locate our request to deliver
 We 've used Pampers brand since our 17 month old was born , and really loved the Crusiers . However , they 're `` trying out '' a mesh liner . It 's horrible and we 've had really bad diaper rash . The ONLY thing that changed in our baby 's world was the diapers ... . same foods , same wipes , same diaper cream , same people changing her , same diaper brand and size but a totally different lineI called Pampers to complain , and they said it 's just something that they were trying and that they 'd send me coupons . There 's no labeling on the box that it 's a design change -- and it 's a mega box so there are 140 diapers that I 'll never go near and ca n't even imagine giving away to some unsuspecting family . And what good are coupons if I ca n't avoid the problem diapers?How could P&G ; even think that it was a good idea to go mass-market with this design ? Try rubbing the mesh against your upper lip , and you can imagine what it feels like on a soft baby 's bottom . My husband compared the design to the dishcloth scrubby side.Needless to say I am really really angry with P&G ; and I do n't know if I 'll ever buy Cruisers again . A `` temporary '' unmarked design change for a part of the diaper that goes against the most sensitive skin is really really stupid .
 I wrote the following review in December 2009 on a smaller box of size 4 : I bought a box back in October 2009 and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G ; that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G ; have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G ; and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work?Update : Still not having real problems with leakage of pee , but again , my son is small and not a heavy wetter . But poop ! That is the problem ! As I suspected would happen - without the mesh liner and without the absorbent layer on the backside my son now has a rash on the front side and on his genitals , and around the legs due to a few loose bowel movements having nowhere else to go but to the front and out the sides . With the mesh liner the poop would have been siphoned into the diaper - and now that 's impossible - it just gets squished around all over the inside of the diaper and out the sides . Wish the little bugger would n't hide from me when he poops . Customer Relations told me that the diaper was not designed to absorb poop - I guess the geniuses at P&G ; did n't realize they had a product that actually helped in that area - the OLD CRUISER - and they 've gone and f 'd it up .
 These new diapers are HORRIBLE . They are leaky , thin , and absolutely cheap ! They do NOT absorb as well ! There is no absorbent liner in the back of the diaper for poops anymore !! When you compare the two side by side the difference is unbelievable ! A lot less soft , thin and papery and cheap feeling ! No mesh and only half a liner !!! I have heard all the excuses from Pampers as to `` Just go up a size '' or this is `` New technology '' or `` your problems are unexpected and rare '' It is absolute bull . Go to facebook group `` Pampers Bring Back The Old Cruisers '' and you will find all the information you could need about this serious downgrade ! They have pictures and a lot of information . This was the hottest topic on Pampers website but they have conveniently gotten rid of links to the hottest forum on their main page . You can still find the forum listed under Pampers Village Forums \ Pampers Website \ Feedback Discussions \ Pampers Low Blow . A total shame and now a poor excuse for a premium diaper .
 I loved the old Pampers Cruisers , but the new `` Dry Max '' ones are awful . I 've had leaks , which I 've reported to Customer Service . They acted as if they were unaware of how many unhappy consumers there were , despite complaints all over the internet . When my baby wore these overnight , the dye ... or something else from the diaper ... stained the inside of her light-colored sleeping pants . Also , her diaper area looks irritated , which is not usual for her . After hearing about the CPSA investigation into this diaper , I am switching immediately to a different brand . I 'm really disappointed with Pampers , and in Proctor & Gamble for their lack of attentiveness to customer complaints .
 BUYERS BEWARE !!!! Do not pay attention to all the positive ratings prior to December 2009 . The product is not the same.I have been a pamper customer since the day my baby was born . The old swaddlers and cruisers were great , with the mesh lining . However , pampers switched the product without changing the packaging , duping its customers to pay the same premium $ $ for an inferior product . The new cruisers are horrible and prone to leaking as the new lining does n't hold the same amount of pee overnight . Gone is the mesh lining that used to wick away the moisture from baby 's skin . Seems like these new cruisers are the old Pampers Baby Dry.I guess now I will have to search for another brand , since I am so disappointed with Pampers .
 We were disappointed to see that Pampers changed their diapers without notifying consumers . The biggest complaint we have was the removal of the mesh liner - which was the whole reason we were loyal to buying Pampers Cruisers . These diapers give our daughter a horrible rash now every time she wears one . We have since switched to cloth and will not buy any Pampers product again unless they bring back the old liner . There is also NO absorbent layer on the entire back panel of the diaper ! If DD is laying on her back , it all just comes right out the back side ! They are an inferior product now , but still charging premium prices . I 'd rather buy a store brand at this point , if I were n't totally giving up on disposables altogether ! Very upset about this change . We used to love them , and have been buying them since DD was born - but no more .
 Our daughter graduated from the Swaddlers to the Cruisers . We bought 2 boxes , because we figured she 'll need a lot of diapers . We liked the fit and they did n't leak BUT they left little cotton pieces all over.She started to get mild irritation on her bottom.We contacted Pampers and they sent a coupon for replacement diapers . There was no correspondence from them , just a coupon . We assumed that pack was just defective.We bought another box . It still left cotton . We returned it and bought another . Finally a package that did n't leave cotton pieces ! Yet her irritation changed to a rash covering her whole bottom , her lower abdomen and lower back -LRB- everywhere the diaper touched ... but not in the creases ... -RRB- . We stopped using her wipes , thinking we were wiping off the bits of cotton too hard . Then in a few days her rash had developed further.We thought maybe it was allergies , so I stopped introducing new foods . It persisted , then we thought it was diaper rash due to moisture ; therefore we changed her every hour . We lathered her in diaper rash medications , trying 4 different ones -- none of which worked . We gave her Aveeno baths and the rash would become milder , but would come back just as bad in a few hours . Then a doctor told us it was it was fungal . . yea gross ! Therefore we treated it by applying a topical cream twice a day for weeks . This helped reduce the irritation by half , at least , but it still persisted .3 months we thought of everything , we tried everything for a few days to see if it would go away but nothing seemed to cure it !! Finally , I said that I did n't want to use the diapers at all for a week . We switched to Huggies . Like magic -- I kid you not -- in 2 days the rash was almost completely gone . Today , 4 days later , there was no sign of any irritation at all !! Searching online , I have found other cases of parents having the same problem :-LRB- We are contacting Pampers to see what might be causing this , because she does n't have allergies nor does she have sensitive skin.For those of you that it does n't cause a rash , you are lucky . For others , if you are seeing a rash , I 'd try another brand : -LRB-
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 We have found this to be a dangerous product ! We have been buying cruisers for a while and then about a month and a half ago , we purchased two large economy packs of the number 5 Cruisers and had horrible problems with exploding diapers . The elastic strip along the leg tears away from the diaper and all the silica material falls out of the diaper . This should not be happening ! We change our baby frequently and he is only 24 lbs and the diapers go up to 35 lbs . One time , we came in to his room and the silica was all over his crib and he was putting it in his mouth ! And it 's not a volume problem because it happens during the day when there is not all that much pee in the diaper . We figured we got a bad batch . When we bought a smaller package from CVS , we did not have this problem , but when we went back to buying the economy size at Target , the silica leaking started to happen again . It is also impossible to get those little sticky things of silica off his bottom and legs and they irritate his skin , so we 've had to dunk him in the tub sometimes twice a day to get it off . If he touches it and then rubs his eyes -LRB- before we realize that there has been another leak -RRB- , it irritates them.I called customer service at Pampers and it was a joke . I told the service person what had happened and how upset I was , and he said that there was no way he could guarantee me a call back . What ? I told him that was totally unacceptable and that this was a defective product . Again , he said he 'd make a note of it but that they get so many calls that I very well may not get a call back . He was right . I did n't . I have since spoken with mothers in my same area -LRB- Chicago -RRB- who have had similar problems and thought they were the only ones . They , too , called Pampers customer service line and were totally ignored . One , like me , had found her little girl with a mouth full of the silica that had come out of the diaper while she was playing . I am now sending a letter to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . If you have had similar problems with the elastic seam separating from the diaper so that the silica comes out the side , * please * call Pampers and complain . If they do nothing , contact the product safety commission or e-mail your local product safety TV news reporter to do a story on this . Pampers is totally unresponsive to a very real problem . How many kids have to ingest silica before they address this problem ?
 I 've been using Pampers ' Cruisers for my baby eversince she was borned . The absorbent was great and nice Sesame Street Characters . However , I feel very disappointed due to the product is not consistant . First , they changed the quality of the outside layer of the diaper becomes thinner and look cheap . -LRB- It was used to be thick and soft -RRB- . Second , they changed the liner in MESH TYPE . The absorbent is terrible and my baby had diaper rash because of the rough mesh liner . How rough it is ? The mesh liner is similar as the sport pant 's liner . Also , the new generation of Pampers ' Cruiser becomes thinner and less absorbence . I have no idea why they modified the product becomes so cheap and bad quality . To be honest , it is the reason for me to switch to Huggie 's Supreme . As a consumer , I would like to buy the product because of their quality consistancy . Why would the consumer spent more money on the diaper ? Because they want better quality and outstanding product to have a peace of mind !! Think twice when you are planning to buy the Pampers ' Cruisers now !
 When my son was first born , we tried both Pampers Swaddlers and Huggies size 0 -LRB- whatever they 're called -RRB- , and we settled on Swaddlers . Then , we won a year 's supply of Huggies , so obviously , we used those throughout my son 's first year . Now that supply is gone , and I decided to try Pampers Cruisers for a change.Oh my g-d , I 'm seeing things that I NEVER saw with Huggies - there 's silica crumbs all over the diaper area almost at every diaper change . I have to take him into the sink and wash it out with water at every diaper change . I did n't change the frequency of my diaper changes , it 's the same time interval that I used with HuggiesTrue , they do n't leak , but Huggies never leaked either , so when this pack is finished , I 'll go back to Huggies.I 've never had silica leak out of a Huggie diaper , in my opinion that 's just dangerous and should n't be around a baby 's privates
 Let me begin by telling you all I have always loved the pampers brand diapers . Since my son was born , i used swaddles and then went onto cruisers . He is 20 months old and I have never had any problems . This last box i ordered has the worst quality of diapers . I think they are just packaging their `` newer '' version in these . These are so thin and i have had leaks since the day my son is using them . I am soooo disappointed.I was just hoping its my box and they are not using this tactic on every box but several of my friends told me about the same issue.I dont mind paying a few cents per diaper more for good quality but this is just ridiculous . I then went out and bought huggies movers and I think once this box finishes , I am just going to convert to huggies .
 I have always used Pampers and LOVED them until two weeks ago . WHAT HAPPENED ? Pampers Cruisers used to be white and have a mesh liner . They were by far the best disposable diaper out there and my daughter never got diaper rash , leaks , or blowouts.Now the diapers have a bluish/purplish tint , have a very strong chemical odor that any sane person would n't get near a baby , and they leak like a generic brand . The worst part is the diaper rash ; my daughter has never been prone to even minor diaper rash and within two changes she was bright red and blistering everywhere the absorbent area was touching her , and she was screaming and squirming when I tried to put another diaper on her . I have tried buying several packages , with the `` Dry Max '' logo and without , and it seems to only be the bluish/purplish tinted diapers that smell strongly of chemicals that cause the bad reaction . This is not specific to my daughter as other reviewers have reported the same reaction.Pampers obviously did not bother to test these before putting them out to the public , and I do n't appreciate my baby being used as a guinea pig for some new toxic absorbency chemical . I am writing this review in the hope that Pampers will listen and change back to their previous and far superior design . Otherwise , I am on the hunt for a new brand of diapers .
 Yes we found out , too , when the new box was delivered . I noticed right away it was so thin and the mesh lining was nowhere to be found . Sigh ... I went to Pampers website and they do n't mention anything . I guess they did n't want to advertise they cut cost . The exterior of box looks the same , too , except the product is no longer the same quality . On Amazon product description diagram , they show the old design with mesh liner , which is no longer there . Pampers cruiser now looks like their cheaper Baby Dry model . We 've been using pampers since my daughter was a newborn , when I tried so many diapers and decided on cruisers . But now we will have to change to something else ! It 's not Amazon 's fault but we will be stopping our diaper subscribe & save , too . Arg ... . So annoying !
 I bought a new box a cruisers and notice right away there was no mesh liner anymore . I have a 9 month old and has always used pampers . I used to love the cruisers but now the new diapers are not as soft and they leak . I suppose Pampers found a way to cut costs .
 ridiculous quality change in cruisers . I loved pampers swaddlers and cruisers , i used them for my son , they were the best and worth the extra money , NOT ANYMORE ! I will never buy them again . we are on a tight budget but i would pay extra for cruisers , not anymore , they leak , they do n't have the mesh lining , they give my boy very bad rashes , it 's horrible ! this is how they treat us loyal customers , swapping quality for trash and charging the same . despicable . save your money until they hear us customers and change back to the quality we 've come to expect and were willing to pay for .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 I have always love the pampers cruisers , because they did keep my baby dry and they did n't leak ... not any more Pampers have now taken out the wonderful mesh liner that is still on the picture , and now I ca n't stand them . We live in the high desert and so my daughter drinks more than if we lived anywhere else in the country . Now I have n't had one diaper , no matter how long it is on , that has n't leaked . I am so disappointed . Do n't waste your money , because if you do n't like the baby dry , that is what your paying the higher price for now . I wish I could have given them no stars , used to be 5 .
 I emailed Pampers MONTHS ago and never even received a response . We have been devoted Pampers customers from the beginning -LRB- my son is 21/2 -RRB- and I was horrified to see that there was some `` adhesive '' on the baby side of the diaper . It irritated his skin and in that same huge box , several -LRB- a dozen or more -RRB- diapers had the same problem.I am so disappointed , particularly with no response from their customer service .
 We have used Pampers since the day my daughter was born . I am all for spending a little bit more to go for a brand I trust . And who would n't trust Pampers ?! I used Swaddlers and then progressed to Cruisers with the mesh lining and never had a problem with leakage or rashes . In fact I thought it was the best diaper I have ever used . -LRB- I have used another competitor 's diapers once and it always leaked on my daughter -RRB- Then came the day I noticed something was different in the diaper . It just felt different , almost cardboard-like and much thinner . Also the back lining did n't seem to go all the way to the top ! Have I never noticed that ?! Hmm , I did n't have anything to compare it to and diaper changing time is n't the best time to think - speed is crucial !! Afterwards I had a peak at the box it came in and it looked exactly the same as before . A few days later , the same niggling suspicion bugged me , especially after I noticed my daughter seemed to be scratching her back -LRB- where the diaper ends -RRB- a lot more than normal and wondered if something was irritating her skin . I googled it and lo and behold , read about how Pampers has changed the diaper design and took away the mesh lining ! Ohhhh OF COURSE , the mesh lining !!! How could I forget that ?! No wonder it looked different . I then started going through my pile of diapers and the diaper bag and found a couple of spare old diapers and compared them side by side . Now it looks pretty obvious . The mesh lining was gone , the lining stops a few inches before the top of the diaper -LRB- why !? -RRB- , and it does feel thinner . Without the mesh lining , the new diaper felt ` scratchy ' - that is the best way I can describe it . It just looked cheaper and less lush , less padded , and felt more uncomfortable to the touch.Although my daughter had not experienced a rash -LRB- or burn as some moms described their experience -RRB- , which may be because we always put cream on her during a diaper change , we were n't planning on waiting around to find out . Plus I was furious that they deceived us by changing what is in the box of diapers we have grown to love , without any indication whatsoever ! We started educating ourselves about chemicals in diapers and then decided to swap to another brand which does not use bleach in their diapers . We are happier to know that we are putting her in something hopefully safe.Why did Pampers have to change the design of something which was perfect ? Why did they NOT inform the consumers of the change if it was as good as they claim it to be ? Sneaking their best diaper technology YET into old boxes does n't seem like a good marketing strategy , if any . It will take them a long time to earn back the trust of many moms . I know for sure they have lost my business.Please note that most reviews pre-2010 are 5 stars , and rightly so ! However the sheer number of bad reviews dated 2010 is evidence that parents are not happy with the new diapers . Please be cautious and choose what is best for your baby .
 I got some of the old style Pampers diapers without drymax at my shower along with every other brand of diaper . I loved the swaddlers , baby dry and cruisers so I decided to stick with Pampers when I finally needed to buy diapers . I bought the size 3 Cruisers with Drymax and they are actually pretty terrible . There is no leak guard in the rear so i 'm thinking that 's why every time my little boy goes # 2 it comes right out of the back of the diaper ! Needless to say i 'm very disappointed with the new Cruisers . The only thing good about them is they do hold a lot of pee , which is all my baby does through the night , so i 'll keep using them for nighttime only . I 've had absolutely no leaks as far as pee goes .
 They changed the design of the Cruisers diapers . We used to buy Pampers Baby-Dry diapers for day use and Cruisers for night use . The Baby-Dry diapers could n't hold in the wetness all night long but worked great for day use and were cheaper than the Cruisers . Now the new Cruisers can no longer hold in the wetness all night either . We no longer see the advantage of buying the Cruisers over the Baby-Dry diapers . We have n't experienced the diaper rash issue that others have . We 'll continue to buy the Baby-Dry diapers for now , but we wo n't buy the Cruisers anymore . I do n't know why companies feel the need to mess with a great product . I 'm sure it was another bad marketing department decision . They always have to change things to make themselves appear useful ...
 Like other reviewers , my son also had a terrible rash after we switched from Swaddlers to Cruisers . Our pediatrician had no idea what it was and prescribed an anti-fungal ointment and a hydrocortisone lotion . After more than a week using both , the rash just continued to get worse . We bought a package of Pampers Baby Dry just to see if a different diaper helped , and the rash cleared up within two days . I did n't really believe that it was the Cruisers diapers causing the rash since the Swaddlers and Baby Dry were fine -LRB- all Pampers brand -RRB- , but when we tried using the Cruisers on him again a few weeks later -LRB- we had a ton left over -RRB- the rash came back after just a day . I did a quick search online and found lots of people have this problem . If you use these diapers , watch carefully for a rash and change to a different line of diapers right away if you see it and save your baby the pain and discomfort !
 I continue to use Pamper 's Cruisers but definitely not happily . That being said I 've tried others and they either are too bulky -LRB- Huggies -RRB- or also soak through . I have a dd that has been out of diapers for over 3 years and back then they were great . Now they soak through . They leak , not from the sides but staight from the middle of the diaper . They can not be worn wet for more than a short time b/c they will soak right through . I recently found a size 5 left over from over 3 years ago and this problem did not occur . I definitely do n't remember having this issue . My dd wore them all the time and even through the night , now I have to use Huggies nighttime or the pajamas and crib sheets would all be wet . Very disappointing but I have n't found anything better .
 My son is 13 months old and I bought a pack of these because I had a coupon . Bad Idea ! My son usually wears Luvs . I 've never had a problem with Luvs . The first night i let my son sleep in Pampers there was pee everywhere . I will Never buy them again . Luvs for life !
 If your planning on buying Pampers Cruisers , or any other diaper , from Amazon ... DO N'T !! By the time they ship it , your baby will have grown into the next size diaper . Ordered Pampers on April 1st . As of April 22 , they had n't even shipped them yet . Makes you wonder if maybe this free shipping idea is a loss leader ?? Do n't waste your time with free shipping . Furthermore , do n't waste your time with paying shipping either . I 'll bet you anything your paying too much for the item + shipping anyway !!
 Half of the diapers burst open spilling the diaper pellets EVERYWHERE . Amazon credited me $ 10 . Not much comfort considering I spent $ 60 on the boxes of diapers . They told me that they were aware of the problem . I would have ordered a different diaper if I knew about the problem ahead of time .
 I had Huggies for my daughter since she was born and I was very pleased but a friend recommended Cruiser 's so I decided to try . The first difference I noticed was the gel , it was like `` fluffier '' so with a little liquid the gel got bulky . The second was that her skin felt wet all the time . So with this 2 issues price/quantity convenience just vanished because I had to change much more often -LRB- like 10 to 12 times a day -RRB- . The worst was that after the first week of use she had a very bad diaper rash . Since we changed diapers brand and formula at the same time we did n't know for sure what was the cause , and the pediatrician told me that changes in food could cause poop and urine PH change . So I started changing diapers even more frequently and using tons of baby ointment and she got better . The next week the rash appeared again , and again i used a lot of ointment in every change but nothing happened . I changed ointment and rash was getting so bad she cryied on every bowel movement and screamed on every pee , and one day the sores even started to bled . Finally I decided it was too much and went back to huggies , she started to heal an the rash dissappeared within a week .
 i have always used pampers . i was even currently using pampers cruisers . when i received this box of diapers , all was normal . Until my daughter peed in the diaper . After she peed , it smelled like poop and left her raw . EVERY diaper i put on her out of that box did this to her . i have NEVER had any problems with pampers before . something is terribly wrong with that batch of diapers .
 Initially I was excited to find the `` jumbo '' box of pampers available online - I live in Manhattan and ca n't easily make it to a Costco/Sam 's / BJs/Price Club . However , the price on this item is n't as good of a deal as when they first started offering it . In fact , I get a bettter price `` per diaper '' using our local online grocer . Do the math before you buy !
 Love the diapers ... used to pay $ 7.49 ... with 2 kids in diapers ... forget $ 70/month at amazon . At $ 10.49 a pack , my money goes back to Costco .
 We were given these dipes as gifts from our friends for our twin boys . We had always used huggies with our first , but they were free so we tried them . They left a HORRIBLE rash on my red-headed son 's bottom . We were going through SO many diapers a day -LRB- 24 or more , let the environmentalists cringe -RRB- so it was NOT a matter of poor changing habits . It was not the breast milk . I know for a fact the diapers caused this rash because the rash was checkerboard looking like the mesh liner . It was insane ! We spent over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- in OTC rash creams and eventually had to get two prescriptions from the doctor to clear it up because once the skin is broken it becomes much harder to heal since the area is constantly being aggravated with nitrogenous waste . We now will use huggies supreme OR pampers baby dry ... no problems with those . My friend 's red-headed daughter had the exact same thing happen , so I 'm thinking parents of kids with sensitive skin might want to think twice about buying a huge pack of these .
 Once my daughter started to walk I knew I had to change to a diaper that had a better fit since she was moving more . I decided to try the cruisers . They had a perfect fit , did n't leak and were a reasonable price . I never had a problem with them until recently . I noticed they put a new mesh lining . I thought , okay they are trying to make the product better , why not . Then I started to notice how the mesh lining would stick to my daughters behind . She has been constently pulling the back of her diaper . I tried to stick with it and keep using the cruiser but this week I noticed another difference . There are new tiny beads inside the diaper lining . I noticed that the beads were bunching up in certain areas and when barely wet it looks like she is wearing a heavy soiled diaper . Barely wet or not the mesh has also been leaving an impression all over . The mesh does nothing but stays wet !!! If it did the absorbing it would n't leave an impression on her . This diaper used to be the best but the new changes are bad , I wish that pampers would go back to the way it was ! Now I have to go through the hassle of finding a better diaper .
 Normally the diapers are great . However , over the past year and from multiple stores - including 4 boxes we just bought on Amazon - we have had issues with the Economy Pack -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- . At least half , if not more , of the diapers are defective and my children wake up in the morning with the little absorbing beads all loose , the diaper split open , and a big giant mess . Not to mention a real pain to clean up . We still use these Cruisers , but we buy them in the smaller packs , not this Economy Pack .
 So I received the new `` dry max '' diapers and yes , like the other reviewers are saying they have the look and feel of your average , cheap generic brand diaper with the old pampers price . Not exactly a soft and comfortable diaper like the old pampers . It 's a bummer to have to look for a new brand of something I have n't given a second thought about for the last 8 months . Many are asking `` why would pampers do this ? '' Here are my thoughts on the issue . As you may have noticed , there has been a major global economic downturn . Proctor & Gamble -LRB- makers of Pampers -RRB- has traditionally sold high-end products at a premium price -LRB- think Tide , crest , Pantene , Duracell , etc -RRB- . The economy has forced many people to switch to cheaper brands , leaving P&G with billions in losses and over 3 % decline in revenue in 2009 . Bob McDonald , the new CEO of P&G , came in with guns blazing with a plan to increase profits -LRB- see USAToday 's article `` Proctor & Gamble Looks Beyond U.S. Borders '' -RRB- . In the case of Pampers , he was left with a choice to increase profits
 I just wanted to let people know that these diapers , while they fit my son very well , caused a horrible diaper rash that would not go away until we switched diaper brands completely.My little boy has not had any other reactions or rashes , so I do n't think it 's just sensitive skin , but once we had to go to cruisers from swaddlers , he started having a mild diaper rash . After a week , we took him to the Doctor , and they told us to try one prescription ... it got better for a while , then came back horribly . . we tried changing him many times a day because we thought it was just because we were n't changing him enough , and I think that actually made it worse . . little red raw rash blisters all over his bottom . We tried switching formulas and foods too , in the meantime ... but back to the Dr , more prescriptions now . This time they do n't help much at all , and then he started having allergic reactions elsewhere , on his back and his eye got puffy , so we rushed him back the doctor because we thought he was really sick , and one of the nurses suggested we switch diapers when she saw the cruisers ... so we ran by walmart and got a few packs of cheap diapers to try , and viola ! Diaper rash is almost completely gone after one day in white cloud diapers . We tried a couple more off brands and no irritation ... then just to check we used one of the cruisers we had left , and Bam . One diaper , new rash bumps . We threw the rest out.I know that some people do n't have any trouble with these , but please be aware that if your child has a persistent rash , it could be these diapers . It 's something to keep in mind .
 My daughter had serious diaper rash when wearing these diapers . I thought I have gotten the old version . Then it turns out the new Dry Max in the old box . What a sneaky way to cheat the customers ! Do n't they think we can tell ?!
 The only reason these diapers received even one star from me is because I did n't have a choice of zero stars . I used to be devoted to Pampers diapers ... they were by far the best diaper on the market . I used the new DryMax Cruisers for only 2 days because my son came out in a horrible red rash , which only got better once I stopped using these diapers -LRB- I switched to Huggies # . There is a Facebook group called ` Pampers Bring Back the Old Cruisers/Swaddlers ' if anyone is interested in checking it out ... over 2750 members , many of whom are alleging that the new Pampers have caused their babies to suffer rashes/chemical burns . Link is below :[ ... -RSB- WHY HAVE PAMPERS NOT ISSUED A RECALL YET , DESPITE THOUSANDS OF PARENTS NOW ALLEGING THAT THE DIAPER IS CAUSING RASHES & CHEMICAL BURNS TO THEIR BABIES ?????? I 'm so disgusted with Pampers treatment of its -LRB- once loyal -RRB- customers that I 'm not sure I 'd go back to them even if they brought back the old Swaddlers/Cruisers now ... what an arrogant and out of touch management team they have at Pampers ...
 These diapers are supposed to be for moving babies and in that respect they are pretty good . However , they do not withstand much liquid in them before they start filtering through .
 We started ordering pampers from Amazon a few months ago , when Pampers were $ 7.49 a pack . Why all the sudden the $ 3.00 price increase ? That is a huge and unfair rate increase , and makes ordering online no longer a savings . I can get a better price at Meijer -LRB- $ 9.49 -RRB- , and that 's BEFORE I use coupons . It 's disappointing that this product will no longer be offered at a good price . No incentive to come to Amazon and shop anymore . What a shame . Hopefully enough people who express concern can help make a change . I 'll be glad to come back to Amazon when the great price comes back .
 I bought my diapers here for months and months ! I ca n't believe you 've raised prices this high !! Absolutely ridiculous !! I 'll go back to Walmart where I can use coupons ! Thanks , anyway !
 $ 7.49 to $ 10 + is ridiculous . I 'll go back to buying diapers at Walmart and other grocery stores . You 'll lose a LOT of sales with this , Amazon !
 I use to buy my pampers here on amazon , but since they have raised the price to over $ 3 per package in the last month , I will be getting mine from Wal-Mart , shame on Amazon for rising the price . At least they are cheaper at Wal-Mart and I can use my manufacturer coupon at Wal-Mart . Perhaps if Amazon would lower the price again , I would shop from Amazon again ... SHAME ON AMAZON !!! LOWER THE PRICE !!!
 Like the other reviewers , I have bought diapers from Amazon for months . Now , I will be going to local grocery and discount tore for them instead . A $ 3 price increase in less than a month is CRAZY to say the least . I hope that everyone shows Amazon and does n't buy these diapers from them at such a crazy inflated price !
 Even on sale at Amazon , this is not one of the better prices I 've found on these diapers . Even at regular price , they are $ 9 - $ 10 at Wal-Mart and with a coupon , you can purchase them for $ 7 - $ 9 depending on the coupon . The diapers are great , the prices are not .
 I love Pampers Cruisers and ordered some a few weeks ago when the price was low . I STILL have n't recieved the diapers ! It 's taking forever ! I checked back and I ca n't believe the price increase . I wo n't be buying these here anymore ... WalMart it is !
 Who designed the shape of Pamper diapers ? I feel it is the worst shape for a diaper . Its tab is far blow waist position , which induces my son leaking poos from back and leaking pees from sides . To avoid leaking , I have to tightly package him , which induce red inprint on his legs . I bought Huggies diapers and Especially for Baby diapers for my son . He seems comfortable in them . Most important , no leaking happens any more ! My son weight only 15 lbs .
 Pay careful attention to the number of diappers included in this value box ! It is smaller than the normal box you usually get from other stores or from amazon , thus the price is not really cheap.I purchased the No 3 Cruisers value box from amazon twice , one box came with 160 diapers , and one came with 116 diapers
 Today is the 2nd day we have been using this diaper but we already washed the crib sheet twice . It leaks a lot ! What makes it worse is it irritates my kid 's skin . Everytime after I put it on , she starts to scream and cry . We just ordered 2 boxes from Amazon . Now we have to go buy some other diapers .
 I did n't find that these are worth the extra money that you pay . After wearing these for 2 days , my daughter developed a pretty nasty diaper rash . After about a week and a half of not clearing up , I decided to put her back in some Huggies . Her rash cleared up within 2 more days . That is not why I am giving them such low marks though . EVERY morning , my daughter would be drenched from the Cruisers leaking ! We did n't and still do n't have that problem with the Huggies . I will save myself grief and money and stick with the good old Huggies .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this !
 Internal surface greed , for keep cotton absorber on place , do not hold cotton fibers propertly , a lot of it sleep on my doghter skin after usage of this dipers . Can be used with limitation . Absorbtion abilities is outstanding .
 the cost of these diapers are way more than you would pay at any local retailer or national chain ... then to use a coupon on top of that ... wow what a difference . Save your money and shipping costs and go to Target . Do price per diaper comparisons and you would be surprised how much diapers cost and how to save money !!
 Cruisers were great . No complaints . Now suddenly , the mesh liner is gone , and when my son urinates , it smells like a CHEMICAL PLANT . I 'm not kidding . These are the worst , cheapest things ever . And they did n't even change the packaging . I am so angry -- clearly they just wanted to save a buck , but the smell of these things ? VILE . I have compared the old and `` new '' side by side -- old
 Pampers have pulled a bait and switch ! They have changed this product for the absolute worse with no warning to the consumer !! No more mesh lining ! Which kept the moisture off your babies skin . The inner liner has been basically cut to half its original size ! No longer does the liner go all the way up the back ! Which was important for poops etc. . Also the inner liner does not absorb anywhere near what it did before ! This allows for MANY leakthroughs ! And finally the over all softness of the diaper inside and out has been changed to a stiff papery generic type feel ! BUYER BEWARE !! They still charge premium price for this serious downgrade ! shame on you ! PARENTS UNITE !! AEDANSDAD22908
 Pampers has changed this diaper . I have been buying Pampers for 4 years and have gone through thousands of their diapers . I bought a box on Friday and could tell immediately that they were different . My dd has leaked through 6 of the 10 diapers we used from this box . The mesh liner that used to be in these is no longer there ! We have tried to contact Pampers , but have had no luck yet . We returned the box to the store and are now trying to find a new brand of diapers . I am so disappointed !
 Pampers has taken the best , highest quality diaper on the market & made it one of the worst , cheapest diapers on the market . There are many downgrades to the Cruisers that have me very angry :1 -RRB- They seem to be made of construction paper-they are VERY stiff , cheap & papery -LRB- the old cruisers used to be very soft -RRB- 2 -RRB- No more mesh liner to wick away moisture ! This has proven to cause many diaper rash on many babies -LRB- this is from feedback from other parents I know -RRB- 3 -RRB- 5 inches of paper in the back of the diaper
 Great product , ok price , but the delivery is unreliable . We had some fast deliveries before , but it 's getting worse lately . Our last order has not been shipped after more than two weeks , and the estimated shipping date is in another week . If you need the diapers within a month , think about buying them somewhere else .
 I tried these diapers for the first time a week and a half ago , and now my son has the most severe rash that I 've ever seen . He never had any problems with the normal pampers but as soon as I switched hie broke out . I 've been putting cream on him , and that does n't even help . Luckily he is going to the doctors tomorrow . I would n't have even know the cause , had there not been a news story today about this brand causing rashes in lots of babies . I will no longer be using Pampers brand diapers .
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this ! The Diapers are the best out there .
 I was disappointed in these diapers . Pampers Cruisers are still the only diaper I will ever buy , but will make sure they are not the ones like these with the mesh liner . They are thinner , smaller , and less absorbent . These are a cheap imitation of the original Pampers Cruisers .
 I have always ordered diapers from Amazon ... The past 2 times , the diapers have been old and sticking together -LRB- apparently from heat -RRB- ... Upset at the lack of quality these days !
 When my son was born three years ago I tried seven brands of diapers , from store brands to name brands and finally stuck with Pampers because they leaked the least and he tended to have less blow-outs with them . I loved the mesh because I felt like it helped protect his bottom . In two and a half years he only got two minor diaper rashes . When my daughter was born I again went with Pampers because I trusted the quality of the brand . When I switched from the swaddlers to the cruisers I bought a huge box and when I opened it I thought I had made a mistake in my purchase as the diaper was completely different from the old cruiser , however the box looked exactly the same . After using the box and buying another to make sure I had not made a mistake , I was disappointed to see that they had changed the diaper without saying so on the box . After about two days of using the new cruiser 's , my daughter got her first diaper rash and it was a bad one . Since then she has had three bad rashes . I truly think it is the new design . Supposedly this new diaper is improved and fantastic , but I think it sucks . The only difference is that it does n't sag as much as the old cruiser . This to me is not worth the diaper rashes . My next box of diapers will be a different brand and I again will have to search to find a diaper that will work well for my daughter without giving her the blistery-red blotchyness . I am so disappointed in the change and will not be buying them again .
 I 've used Pampers since my son was born ... and I 've always liked them better than any other brand . He 's now 3 and although we are working on potty training he still needs to wear a diaper at night . I 've never had any problems until they changed the design and now he wakes up wet every morning . They leak like crazy !!! I will be looking for another brand ASAP !
 I have had a terrible experience with Pamper 's Cruisers . My daughter is 14 months old and has only had one serious rash -LRB- a result of strong antibiotics -RRB- . I had never used pamper 's cruisers until last week . I had a coupon and thought I would give it a try . In less than a week my daughter broke out in the worse rash I had ever seen ! There were open blisters and nothing I tried seemed to provide her any relief . My Aunt happened to see a story on the news about the diapers so I switched back to my generic brand -LRB- Target diapers are great , by the way -RRB- and within 48 hours her rash was almost completely cleared up . I am convinced it was the diapers that caused the reaction .
 I HAVE BOUGHT MANY BOXES OF PAMPERS FOR 42 DOLLARS FROM AMAZON . TO SELL THEM FOR 59 IS HIGHWAY ROBBERY . SHAME ON YOU AMAZON
 I was using only Pampers brand , first Swaddlers and then Cruisers since my daughter was born in 2008 . Several months ago she developed stubborn rash and started leaking . Only after reading reviews today and closely examining a diaper I realized that the design was changed . Now I need to find another diaper brand that will work well , and it 's a headache . I do n't give a damn if this new design is better for the environment , but I do care about my daughter . I 'm very disappointed.An update -LRB- 04/22/2010 -RRB-
 I have used Pampers on my baby since she was a newborn . I do n't know why Pampers changed the cruisers . It used to be soft , have a great cover lining and be very absorbent.Now they are very papery , they took out the lining and it takes minutes for the diaper to absorb the pee . Also , the absorbent material goes only half way up the diaper.So disappointed ! Just bought a 180 ct box ...
 I was fan of pampers till i was using swaddlers.As soon as it was time for cruisers , nops.They claim `` try it overnight '' . I say it ca n't stand it even for a a couple of hrs.I can see tits and bits of cotton or whatever it is on my baby .
 Like many of the previous posters , I have been using Pampers since my son was born almost two years ago . The new ones are terrible . They leak to the point that my son wakes up because he 's soaking wet every night -LRB- necessitating a diaper and pajama change , which completely wakes him up , so it takes a good hour or two before he settles down and goes back to sleep -RRB- . I 'm hugely disappointed , have contacted Pampers Customer Service but no response yet . In the meantime , am also searching for a new diaper .
 I ordered this gift for a baptism since it had a cross ribbon attached and played the song `` Jesus Loves Me '' . When I received the lamb in the mail , the ribbon was the only thing that looked like the lamb I ordered . The lamb also played `` Rock A Bye Baby '' even though the attached tags stated
 I had to return this because the `` key '' would n't turn properly to play the song . It would wind up , but then not catch properly so the whole song was played in about 1.2 seconds . maybe less . I did not order a replacement , since it would n't have arrived in time for the baptism this was meant for . Normally I would n't necessarily write a review just because one product did n't work , but I later saw this same product in a Christian book store . Of the 4 they had on the shelf , only one of them actually worked the way it was supposed to . All of the others had some problem with the winding mechanism . So , it seems there 's a real quality control issue with the overall product class and so I just ca n't recommend you even waste your time trying to find one that works . Which is too bad , because otherwise it 's a nice looking product , very soft and cuddly .
 This is the worst baby stuff I 've ever got from amazon . Here are the reasons
 I reviewed TONS of baby pillows prior to purchasing this one . Boy did I make a bad decision ! Primarily I wanted to buy a pillow for nursing , and I thought this one had added benefits of multiple uses -LRB- with the removable wedge and roll -RRB- and the price . I brought this to the hospital for my first breastfeeding session with my newborn , and it was absolutely terrible ! The pillow is too overstuffed and awkward to position . If you want this pillow for nursing , look elsewhere -LRB- since then I have bought both the Brestfriend and Boppy -- LOVED the breastfriend for nursing , and the Boppy is good for tummy time & sitting up , good for BFing but not as good as Brestfriend -RRB- . However this pillow is good to use with the wedge and support your little one sitting up . However I 'd rather have the Boppy for that -- more uses and better looking , although pricier.I guess for these products , you really do get what you pay for .
 it just was n't real user friendly . kinda bulky and inefficient . way to big for a newborn to be propped up on .
 I ordered this item ten days before the baby shower , on the Thursday before MLK day . They could n't be bothered to ship it until after the holiday , on Tuesday . I inquired about it via email on Wednesday , asking when it had shipped . No one got back with me until after I had complained with Amazon several days later . The item finally arrived the day after the baby shower . It was embarrassing to not have the gift at the shower -LRB- which I was helping to host ! -RRB- . I am still trying , three weeks later , to coordinate with the mom-to-be to get the pillows to her . It is late in her pregnancy and she has lots more things to worry about than trying to find a time to meet up with me to get the pillows she should have been able to get at her shower.I will never again use an online registry for a baby/wedding shower . I would have been much better off walking into Target and buying something off that registry .
 I received this suitcase for my grandaughter . I too should have read the dimensions , as it is very small and made of cardboard . Very cheaply made for the price . I would not recommend this product .
 Although this is a cute suitcase for toddlers , it is way too SMALL . I decided to keep it for my granddaughter to use for her doll clothes since it would cost almost as much to send it back . Picture definitely appears larger than actual product .
 Although advertised as an `` original '' Wedgwood set , this is actually a cheap and poorly made imitation made in China . The true original sets , made in England , were of a much superior quality in color and definition . I returned this product when I saw how poorly made it was .
 I too was deceived by the picture of plate , cup and bowl , only to find that there was no plate in the set . I think this amounts to false advertising and shall certainly not buy from Macy 's again .
 The shipping charge for this was almost as expensive as the set ! I ca n't comment on the set as it was a gift and the new mother did n't open it at the `` shower ''
 I called the parent company to confirm that the diapers are chlorine free , as implied by the label which says `` TCF - made from totally chlorine free woodpulp ' . However , I was told that in fact the diapers contain chlorine-bleached cotton , and thus are NOT CHLORINE FREE . I resent that the way this is phrased on the packaging seems to be intentionally misleading . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because they do n't leak , and do n't contain gel . The tabs are poorly designed though ... if you get even a touch of diaper cream on them , they no longer stick . I 'm switching to cloth washed at home by me -- it 's the only gel-free , chlorine-free way I can find to diaper my baby . I wish someone would make a gel-free , chlorine-free disposable ...
 I found these diapers while searching for the 7th generation brand diapers . I was impressed and eager to try Tushies because there was no chlorine and no gell used to produce them , I ordered the medium size for my 20lb baby . The diapers came sooner then expected , which was great . My single star rating comes from my experience using them . They have no elastic and they are stiff which makes it hard to get a super snug fit . It seems like no matter how tight I can get the diapers my son leaks through them , out the sides and up the belly . Because the moisture does not wick away from his skin he also developed a diaper rash - his first and we have been only using these diapers for a week .
 These diapers are really a good idea , but they are lacking in the absorbency area . They are really thick and bulky also . Tushies are good beacuse they offer a chlorine free and polymer/gel free safer way to diaper your child if you are using disposables . I tried these diapers with both my children beacuse I was eager to find a safer alternative to the traditional disposable diapers full of chemicals and perfume . These diapers fit that bill . I ca n't say I was disappointed with them because I do n't know how absorbent I thought they would be anyway.They are good for very short intervals no more than about an hour at a time . That equals more diaper changes , which equals more money and these are n't cheap to begin with . It 's not that I do n't change my children often but every hour is a little excessive.Wearing them for overnight just is n't an option.I would say if you are looking for a `` healthier '' way to diaper you child go with seventh generation -LRB- they use a gel to absorb -RRB- or my suggestion would be cloth . You can get those great flushable rice paper liners for cloth diaper and you can just flush the solid waste away.Imse Vimse Flushable Liner -LRB- 2PK -RRB- 200 pieces/2 rollsI would n't recommend Tushies diapers , I do recommend Seventh Generation if you are planing on using disposables .
 Ordered Tushies `` No-Gel '' Sposies from Amazon . I ordered a size 2 12-24 lbs , he is about 14 lbs . -RRB- , probably should have got a size 1 because the diapers literally came up to his armpits . The diaper looked super archaic , not like the `` cloth like diaper '' they said it would be like . Since it does n't have gel , it has super thick cotton , which was absorbant but not soft at all and not very pliable . I used about 5 diapers on him and it burned his tushie really bad . Poor thing , he almost had a blister . These are supposed to be more natural but he has n't had a reaction this bad in his Huggies . Needless to say I am giving Amazon these diapers back . They sent me 4 packs , I am sending them back 3 . Free shipping on the return and full refund . Love Amazon , Hate Tushies .
 I will not buy these again . Every time she pooped in this diaper it went everywhere .
 These are the bulkiest , leakiest diapers i 've ever used ! Even though they do n't have bleach , there is still tons of pesticide used in cotton production - plus , these are n't even made from recycled materials .
 Was pretty disappointed all in all . The idea behind these are great , and we use all different brands of green & eco friendly products , but these were n't the best diaper that we have used . The cotton product that we use for absorbency all bunches together in the crotch area . It all bunches up and then they leak out the sides . They are very very thick and bulky , and almost none of her jeans fit up over the diapers . Even walking seemed pretty hard because of all the bulk between her legs . The close tabs on the diaper are also the old fashioned stick tape tabs that just tape onto the plastic belt around the top . Once is all you get , and if you are potty training like we are this is relatively a pain , usually we just have to throw out the dry diaper and get a new one . Which is also very costly . I gave this product 2 stars because I love the idea and for babies that are under the crawling age I think that they would be great ! But they definitely need to revise the product and update it a bit at least for toddlers .
 Ugh , bought these today as a trial since we ran out of our Seventh Generation . -LRB- Thanks Amazon Subscribe & Save for making them more affordable ! -RRB- Man , these have to be the bulkiest , non-elastic diapers ever . -LRB- Think Depends for toddlers . -RRB- There is no elastic at the top -LRB- front or back -RRB- and the elastic around the sides and legs is completely feable . There is so much padding on these , they ca n't be great for the environment ? Plus , the closure is a scotch-tape-like strip , not the usual velcro-type . They were tricky to work with and kept coming undone.All-together I do n't feel like my 2yr-old is that secure with these on . Seventh Generation is much , much better . If you 've ever used disposable diapers , you 'll be sorry you tried these . Sorry Tushies , I wanted to like you .
 If this is the ONLY disposable diaper you have ever used , fine . If not ... you will be disappointed . Sorely disappointed . I was a cloth diaper mom and have migrated to disposable slowly using Seventh Gen -LRB- before the new Clear version -RRB- , Earth 's Best , Nature , g , etc. . . Why are THESE eco diapers so much worse than any other ? 1 -RRB- The do not move with baby . At all . It 's like a dense stiff fiber board wrapped between the legs of your munchkin . Its the same width all along .2 -RRB- They leak through whatever `` outer '' material is on there . Like a cloth diaper you need a cover for overnight .3 -RRB- When they are wet ... its MORE dense , stiff and immovable . I little brick in my babe 's pants.Yucky . I am surprised this brand has been around as long as it has .
 I have tried them in different sizes and at different stages in my 3 year old son 's life . I love the fact that they have no gel , but they REALLY MUST figure something out with the closures . They are totally impractical for everyday use . The largest size does n't even fit around my son and he is not a chunk . I just ca n't understand why after so many complaints they ca n't seem to come up with a solution .
 I usually is 7th Generation but I thought I would try Tushies because they were like cloth diapers but disposable . Here is a simple list on why not to use on toddler ... 1 . Very VERY bulky , so much that it alters the way he walks ! 2 . Closing them is a one shot deal , if you mess up the tape then that diaper is dead .3 . Once on for a bit the insides scrunch up and diaper shifts A LOT!So I do n't completely waste my money I will use them at night and switch back to 7th Generation : -RRB-
 I have twins and they have completely different body types and both constantly had poo running up their backs . Plus the legs never seemed like a comfortable fit and the tape is like scotch tape . Nice idea but still it 's not a good diaper . I have been struggling to finish the case I bought and I even gave one of the four packs away . I found using cloth easier then cleaning up after these and more comfortable on my babies .
 These diapers are awful . The material is stiff and bulky and the size range is ridiculous . They are for 6-14 lbs , When my baby was 6lbs these diapers were bigger than his entire body . They finally fit now that he is 4 months . The tape on these diapers also get stuck on the baby 's skin . And finally they do n't deal well with leaks . If you are looking for a more environmentally friendly diaper check out the seventh generation diapers .
 These are the worst diapers that I have used . I was initially attracted by the all cotton/paper fiber core but soon realized that this made the diaper more like a piece of cardboard . It is difficult to get the diaper to fit snuggly around the waist because it is so stiff . The result is lots of leaks both urine and poop -LRB- the cotton does n't absorb any of this and it ends up shooting out the front , back , and down the legs -RRB- . When I was successful at getting a snug fit , the Scotch tape like fasteners would pop off . So frustrating !!! I grew tired of entire outfit changes with each dirty diaper . Save your money ! Try something else !
 I was so glad to find disposable diapers that were both chlorine and gel-free but was sadly disappointed . I did n't find the diapers too bulky or anything , and I loved them for the first couple of days , but then I got pooped all over ... and then it happened again ... and again ... and I 'm not talking about a little stuff coming out of the side -- I mean poop literally dripping out of the diaper and all over the floor/my lap/his clothes . Maybe for an older baby with more solid poop they would be fine , but these diapers just could n't contain my baby 's breastmilk poop . It 's due to a poor design -LRB- the inner elastic is too loose and does n't `` catch '' anything -RRB- , and if they could fix it , these would be my diapers of choice -- but until then , I ca n't recommend these at all.Kudos to the company for trying to make a better disposable , though ; it 's a good idea and I hope they can find a way to make a better product soon .
 The product has two design flaws that lead us to give this product a negative review . The major flaw in this design is the main reason why we gave this diaper only two stars . The diaper is lacking a set of leg gussets along the edges of the absorbent center section . -LRB- Not the elastic at the leg holes ; another elastic layer inside the diaper , one on each side . -RRB- Other diaper brands , such as Pampers and Nature BabyCare , have these gussets , and they have helped contain many of our daughter 's larger bowel movements . In contrast , we had three Tushies diapers leak during the first day of use , leaving poo stains on our daughter 's clothing and creating additional laundry that would not have been necessary had the gussets been present . Each diaper was clean until our daughter pooed , and these bowel movements were not as large as ones that had been contained by other diaper brands.The minor flaw is the quality of the tape closures . Frequently we had the tape backing stick to the tape when I would try to pull the tapes , leading to extra work and a less sticky tape closure . Additionally , I did not think that the tape was as secure as the tape found on other diaper brands.My wife and I wanted to like Tushies diapers . We really liked the idea of a gel-free diaper . When we received our shipment , we were pleasantly surprised by the fact that they were not as bulky as some reviews made them seem . However , the positive features of the diaper are overshadowed by the two design flaws mentioned above .
 These diapers are a pain for two main reasons ; The tabs do not stay stuck , if they stick in the first place . And you can not tell when they are wet . I have had to take the diaper off more that once to check , and the thrown it away when I could n't get it to stick again . They are not completely biodegradable either . It 's not worth the inconvenience . They get two stars from me because they are natural fiber inside and because they are chlorine free , as all diapers should be .
 I DO NOT recommend this product . Do n't waste your money.When I read the reviews and saw that they were mostly good , I went ahead and bought some . Saying that they leak is an understatement . Whenever my baby poops , the poop slides right out of the diaper . The elastic area around the leg area is VERY poorly designed . Does n't fit snugly around the legs . So I tried putting the diaper on super tight to attempt to prevent the poop from spilling out of the leg openings . First of all , it looked stiff and uncomfortable for my baby . Second , when he pooped this time , the poop exploded out the back of the diaper and again out of the leg openings.And its not that I bought the wrong size . I bought size small AND medium for my 11 pound baby and tried them both . Same issue with either size.Seventh Generation has a MUCH better design , better fit , and Ive never had a leak . I wish they would make a combo of the two diapers . The non-gel in the tushies combined with the great fit of seventh generation would be ideal.The people who give these diapers good reviews , have you actually tried USING them ?? How do you deal with the poop spilling out every time ?? Please tell me , because I have two unused packs of tushies and I felt like I wasted my money because I cant use them . And they 're not cheap .
 I like the concept of no chemicals in a diaper , so I bought Tushies . When my baby was newborn , they seemed to work ok , maybe because she did n't put out that much . She is now three months old . I practice attachment parenting so I know exactly when she has a bowel movement . The past two bowel movements the diaper has leaked horribly . She was sitting on my lap , she had a bowel movement , five seconds later I got up to change her , the feces was all over my pants . This has happened several times . The concept of the diaper is great , but the diaper needs some work around the legs .
 I like the concept of no chemicals in a diaper , so I bought Tushies . When my baby was newborn , they seemed to work ok , maybe because she did n't put out that much . She is now three months old . I practice attachment parenting so I know exactly when she has a bowel movement . The past two bowel movements the diaper has leaked horribly . She was sitting on my lap , she had a bowel movement , five seconds later I got up to change her , the feces was all over my pants . This has happened several times . The concept of the diaper is great , but the diaper needs some work around the legs .
 The reason to buy Tushies is that they are better for the environment than the commercial brands -LRB- Huggies , Pampers -RRB- . After using these for a month , I realize that I have to change my baby 's diaper more often , which adds more diapers to the landfills , and I have more wash to do because Tushies leak all over by baby 's clothes . Better for the environment ? I think not.I bought a case of Tushies before my baby was born , thinking I 'd use them as soon as I got home from the hospital . My 7 lb 6 oz baby was too small for the diapers , and we used Huggies for the first couple months -LRB- which worked great -RRB- . At about 10 lbs , we tried Tushies . They are bulky , they leak , and seem to be a throwback to the 60 's . Have n't we had more advances in diapers since then?Tushies leak everywhere ! Through the leg opening , up the back of the diaper . Each time my baby would give me that patented look like he was peeing , it would be a mad rush to change him before the diaper leaked . And do n't get me started on the pooping ! Out the leg opening , up the back , all over whatever he was sitting in or laying on , through his clothes . I must change the clothes on that kid 3-4 times per day , all because Tushies are n't designed well.And watch out for the baby powder ! We found out that the tape closure does n't work if the powder gets anywhere near the tape . We 've had to throw out a few diapers because they would n't close . Yet more waste in our landfills.I bought the case of Tushies from Amazon for $ 43.63 , and regret every penny . Tushies is doing the environmental movement a disservice by having these on the market . Anyone thinking of going greener is going to be discouraged with this product . Why go green if it makes life more difficult ?! I have since purchased Seventh Generation diapers -LRB- yes , I am still thinking green -RRB- , and am chomping at the bit to use them . I 've only heard great things about them from friends , but alas , I still have a few Tushies to use before I can break open that box !
 I like the softness of Tushies and the fact that they do n't use gel . BUT the downside is that these diapers ca n't hold as much liquid and you are likely to have leaks up the back and out the sides if you do n't change baby enough . We had numerous problems when in public when our baby was wearing these . We have half a pack left and can only use them at home during the day when baby is going to be changed hourly .
 They do n't hold very much for my very heavy wetter . I 'm switching to cloth anyway .
 The tabs to close the diapers are a hard plastic that can cut you and your baby . Do n't want to take a chance so unfortunately I wo n't be using them anymore . This can easily be improved if the manufacturer wanted to . Also , I change my babies diapers at least every 2-3 hours and I had three diaper leaks in 2 days .
 If could give these 0 stars , I would ! My husband has very sensitive skin and I worried our baby might also . I wanted to stick with Seventh Generation but these were significantly less expensive and seemed comparable in terms of having less irritating chemicals , so I decided to give them a shot.First off , the sizing is ridiculous . `` 6-14 '' pounds is a pretty large gap . My son was about 7 pounds when I opened the Tushies and they were comically oversized . I shelved the pack and it was n't until he hit the 10 pound mark recently that he was actually able to fit them without there being any gaps in the legs.They state they 're `` cloth-like '' , but I might as well be using actual cloth diapers because he pees right through them . Not a little leak out of the sides , like what may happen with any diaper if it 's too big or put on improperly -LRB- they fit him pretty well so the only good thing I can say is that no feces has leaked out -- knock on wood ! -RRB- . Urine soaks through the diaper itself and gets everywhere ! I change his diaper with every feeding , so every 1-3 hours , and now that I 'm using Tushies , I have to change his clothes as well . Today , I changed his diaper and his clothes , fed him , and sat him in his bouncy chair . Less than 20 minutes later , he started wailing . He had soaked through the diaper , his clothes , and the fabric of the bouncy seat!To add insult to injury , it looks like he 's getting his first diaper rash -- something I though I could completely avoid due to how frequently I change him . I 'm quite sure that these non-absorbent diapers keeping urine close to his skin are the cause . I 'm never buying these again and despite money being tight , I 'm not even going to finish using the pack I currently have .
 After 9 years in healthcare , I consider myself a professional at diapering . I was given a package from a friend who heads a donation center where I delivered . She knew we 'd had extreme financial dificulties & that our son was in the NICU -LRB- ka-ching ! -RRB- . He was too small for them for a while , though he was 7 # 13oz at birth . They 're fine enough for urine . He pees A LOT and they do handle that . Unfortunately they also become rock hard when they do ! Plus they are useless against poop . After doing a second bath on him today and striping the seat he was in , I 've decided to toss these . I wo n't even give them to anyone else ! The ONLY reason why I put them on him again today is because I wanted to give him a break from the cloth diapers . Nevermind . It 'd be less mess to leave him naked in the middle of the wood floor ...
 I bought a pack of Tushies before my baby was born and have been utterly disappointed with them . Poop shoots up the back of the diaper and out of both legs at least once a day . I have to change the baby 's clothes each time he poops in Tushies . Right now I 'm trying to use up the package , but may end up throwing the rest out because they do n't work for us . Yesterday morning my baby pooped while I was nursing him . It got all over him , his clothes , me , and our Boppy pillow . Not the best trade off for an environmentally friendly diaper.The diapers say they are for babies 6-14 pounds . My baby now weighs over 9 pounds and the leg openings still gap . We are having much better luck with gDiapers and Seventh Generation . I love Tushies wipes , but the diapers stink !
 The size ones leak everywhere , every time . My son was 10 lbs . at birth and they fit him well but they still leaked everywhere .
 These diapers sound great . But the tabs are so sticky that they stick to my son 's skin if I do not watch where they are at when cleaning a dirty diaper . Plus , when they are wet , they are quick to leak out and feel wetter than other diapers . We are just trying to use ours up and will not buy again . Much prefer Earth 's Best or Seventh Generation diapers .
 This is the only gel-free diaper which is closest to cloth diapers because of absorbency from cotton . This is the only good news.The bad news is that the sizing is too large for newborns . The diapers leak , have no elastic around the waist , and are fastened by tape that stick to the babies skin .
 Tushies are the only diapers that are gel-free . However , there is n't enough cotton padding near the legs and leaks can be a common problem . My order from Amazon took over a week , unacceptable for something time-sensitive such as diapers .
 I like the ingredients in this product , however , the quality of the wipe fiber is very poor . They constantly rip and are very hard to use when you need them to separate quickly . In addition , the moisture content is not equally distributed throughout the whole package probably due to the poor quality of fiber material . Near the top of the package the wipes do n't seem very moist , but at the end they are soaking wet and rip into pieces easier . The texture of the wipe is also quite rough compared to other wipes I 've used . I find myself using more wipes to get the job done than other wipes I 've used . If the company could improve the wipe material , it would be a decent wipe .
 These rough Tushies wipes actually gave my baby a diaper rash which we had to treat with petroleum jelly and dampened Charmin toilet paper .
 I had been using 7th Generation wipes and switched to these because they were cheaper and had a great rating on Cosmetic Safety Database -LRB- had a 0 toxicity rating -RRB- . My baby had no rash the day I got them in the mail . I started using them that afternoon they arrived and by the late afternoon he was getting red . By the evening his bottom was fire-engine red . He had NEVER had a rash like that before nor had my older child . The rash had a rough texture , too and he screamed when I would wipe him . He also was getting a raw spot that could have quickly and easily turned bloody or blistery . I immediately stopped using the wipes and switched to California Baby Diaper wipe spray -LRB- it 's soothing on rashes -RRB- and cloth wipes . I washed his bottom in the sink and put Lansinoh Lanolin on the rash religiously at every diaper change and the rash started to get better right away and was gone in 3 days . Thank God ! Anyway , I am using the 7th Generation wipes again now that his bottom is better and no problems.I 'm glad not all babies who use these wipes get a nasty rash but beware that there is something in these wipes that some babies react badly to.One thing I will say for these wipes -- they were more moist than than the 7th Generation , which is nice for poops . The Earth 's Best were too soapy and these seemed a happy balance between the two -- too bad !
 I bought these wipes as part of my all-organic/all-natural lifestyle . I was excited to see that a product like this was on the market . I am a new mom and have done everything possible to keep my daughter in my earthy lifestyle from MY diet all the way to her socks . So , these seemed like the perfect choice.I was extremely disappointed to find out otherwise ... They broke apart easily , tore apart when I tried to get just one , I got a half of one , AND ... the worst part ... they caused my daughter to have a horribly red rash ! I know it was the wipes because I changed to the Seventh Generation wipes and it went away with in a day . I ran out of the case of SG wipes and went back to the Tushies ones ... rash came back . I would never use these again or recommend them to anyone !
 I purchased `` Tushies '' brand wipes when the product I prefer , Seventh Generation wipes , was not available . The Tushies wipes shredded when I tried to pull one out of the pack , and they are not designed to pop out of the package like every other brand of wipes does ! This makes them impossible to use as a refill in a wipe box . Imagine me managing my squirming baby with one hand , trying to scrape up the edge of the next wipe through the small hole in the top of the package with a fingernail of the other hand , only to have a tiny patch of the wipe rip off when I pull on it . Not only are these wipes a poor design and an inferior material , they are scented although they are advertised as unscented .
 These wipes really pissed me off a lot . . They are the most natural and so I went for them . . And I like the strength , consistency , absorbancy , smell , ingredients . . They were great EXCEPT
 1 . These wipes are all connected -LRB- not folded -RRB- . You 'll need to tear them apart before you start changing your baby .2 . Very thin , they pretty much look like cheap toilet paper . You 'll use more of these vs ticker ones which makes this whole deal more expensive .3 . They 're either too dry or too wet -LRB- those on top are dry , bottom is wet -RRB- . You 'll need to take them out the box and turn them up side down .4 . Every time I use them , my baby 's butt turns red .
 We ordered the Tushies wipes because they 're natural , unscented , no parabens , etc. . That 's all true . Howevever , they are all connected -- not folded like other wipes . So when you 're trying to clean a major poop you need to take both hands off your child to tear the wipes apart . Instead , go for 7th Generation . Same `` natural-ness '' and separated . We have twins so we need all our hands all the time !
 I am so disapointed with this stroller . It was between this and the Maclaren , and I wanted to be different ! Ugh ... It is sooo hard to steer . The wheels do n't turn well . It takes both hands with full arm strength to turn . It is sooo annoying . It also is very bumpy . No shocks what so ever ... . For the money i should have just got a cheap umbrella stroller . What a waste !!!
 First , StorkCraft enclosed the wrong assembly directions.After downloading the correct directions online , they BEGAN with the assumption that pieces were already assembled previous to arriving at my door.Honestly , I 've been assembling the baby 's furniture for the past month , but this mess of parts , screws , and poor direction takes the cake.Unless you have an engineering degree I 'd absolutely stay away from this product unless it 's pre-assembled .
 This was the only Storkcraft piece I bought and I must say I am extremely disappointed . The product physically looks like the one pictured , but it is the smallest 5 drawer chest I have ever seen in my life . The actual size is probably smaller than an ordinary 3 drawer chest . The construction quality was terrible compared to all other furniture I have purchased . A couple of the boards have been physically wet before and were water stained . The woodgrain looks to be lithographed on instead of an actual wood that is stained . For the money I would avoid this piece , I would of paid maybe $ 100 for ir from wal-mart , but the quality and size are a major disapointment .
 We got this for our first baby . My boyfriend put it together and within days it was falling apart . The metal screws do not fit right and the drawers are not strudy . I am in love with the way it looks and will find away to fix it . Maybe Rhino glue . All in all , not worth the money , and stress . Not even made of wood . Scrathes very easily
 Absolutely aweful ! The construction is part wood and part `` like-wood . '' Because of our disappointment we conducted further research on this product and discovered that much of the construction is n't real wood . That sure explains a lot because when my husband was putting it together the `` wood '' was chipping off and literally crumbling in the areas where the screws are . I 've never seem such poor quality in my life . Please save yourself the trouble and hassle and DO NOT purchase this product . I do n't know how this item passed baby safety standards .
 The side panel on the item came cracked but we did n't notice until after we put it together . Since its impossible to take apart or fit back in the original box , I asked amazon to send us a new box in order to return the defective product . They are unable to so I am stuck as a new mom with a cracked dresser with drawers that only open half way . This thing is to safe for a nursery . Do not buy .
 Initially we LOVED this chest . After about six months though , the drawers started getting stuck , coming off track , for no apparent reason . While we still use it after four years -LRB- because of the $ $ we paid - ca n't afford to replace it -RRB- , we have to repair it and fix the drawers about every 6 months or so , just to keep it usable . Otherwise they become jammed and you ca n't open them . Do NOT recommend .
 I 've had plenty of assembly furniture in my day . This is by far the absolute worst I have ever seen . PLEASE , do not waste your $ $ . I never write thess reviews , but had to in this case . I only wish I could rate it lower to get the average down . Do n't be fooled by ` staged ' reviews !!!
 Very cheap product . It is made out of cardboard and you have to assemble it yourself . It chips very easily . And it was in terrible shape when it arrived . Very expensive for the quality . I 'm afraid because it looks and feels to be very unsafe for a nursery dresser . I do n't recommend it to anyone .
 This dresser is not very well made . The other day I accidentally chipped the veneer finish with my fingernail . The descriptiom claims it has sturdy cam lock construction and the cam locks fall out all the time no matter how much they are tightened down , making the drawer come apart in the corner . For almost $ 300 I was expecting something more solid and sturdy . This piece of furniture will most likely only make it through one child . It wo n't be one of the pieces that can be passed down . The stain is also not the same on all of the front of the drawer panels . Some of the drawers are darker than others . On the good side , it was n't too complicated to put together , the drawers slide easily and it is nice looking even if it 's cheap . And just a warning , even though amazon says it is eligble for free shipping it is not . They consider it an oversized item , so that adds on about another $ 50 to the price .
 Lots of particle board , that may not even be m.d.f. . The drawer bottoms are thick cardboard . If I had seen this product in a store , I would have not purchased it . Oh well ... live and learn .
 Save yourself time and money by not ordering any products from Stork Craft . I ordered this dresser from Amazon , and it was at my door in two days . Sadly , one of the side panels had a MAJOR spider-web crack in it . I followed the instructions and called the company . I spoke with a representative , and set up an order to be shipped a new panel . A week after the order , I had not received the confirmation email -LRB- they said processing time would be about 3 business days -RRB- . I called the company back , and they had still not processed my order . I made them process the order while I was on the line to make sure it would be done . Almost 3 weeks after the initial phone call , the replacement panel arrived with another spider-web crack , and with 3 of the 5 metal drawer rollers flattened against the wood.I called the company a second time , and was then treated very unprofessionally . They treated me as if I was a liar , stating that every piece of furniture was `` thoroughly inspected '' before being shipped out for replacement . However , it seemed hard to believe being that the packaging the panel came in was it great shape . Even the thick bubble wrap lining the part was still in tact . The defects in the panel must have come from storage , so it seems they have a very poor inspection requirement . The representative even forced me to email pictures of the damaged second panel before they would ship me another replacement . After this long battling , I tried asking Stork Craft to ship the panel with a quicker method . My son 's due date was then about a month out , and I did n't want to wait another 3 weeks for the panel to arrive . They refused , and the best I was able to obtain was for them to process the order with me on the phone , trimming my waiting period to only be 2 weeks before the replacement arrived.When the 3rd panel arrived , I had very low expectation , and rightfully so . The panel had blemishes , and a large scratch about 6 inches long on the outer face , from one of the corners towards the center of the piece . I realized that this was the best I was going to get . I just tried to hide the scratched area of the dresser in my son 's room with other items so no one would notice.The dresser itself is very nice . The color is great , and seems very sturdy . I am satisfied with the product -LRB- or well , I would be if I had one that did not have any defects -RRB- . Save yourself the anxiety , do n't buy from this company . Or , make sure to buy from a store and inspect the pieces before you take them home .
 The directions were n't difficult , though it did take quite awhile to put this piece together . However , once together , it looks horrible . The drawers are all warped ! Not a single drawer is straight ~ they are all crooked . One drawer is a darker stain than all the others , and the screws for the knobs are already stripped . We 're keeping it even though it looks hideous , simply because it would be too much of a pain to take the whole dang thing apart , try to repack it properly , and pay to ship it back . I 'm extremely disappointed . The quality is awful . I would give this 0 stars if I could .
 We ordered this dresser to match the Storkcraft Deborah stages crib and changing table -LRB- both excellent products -RRB- . However , this dresser is a piece of crap . We ordered it from Walmart.com in February . It came completely banged up , with parts missing , and other parts not even fitting together properly . We called the company three different times to get replacement parts -LRB- they sent us the wrong piece the first time around -RRB- ... it is now the end of June and we are still waiting on the last piece . The dresser is made of venier , not hardwood like the website claims . It is a different color than the crib and changing table -LRB- we ordered the cognac -RRB- and does n't match the rest of the furniture . Definitely not worth the money ...
 I have never written a review in my life , but I hate this dresser so much I had to warn other potential victims . FIrst of all , it comes in a million pieces that you then have to assemble . My husband is a carpenter and he was appalled at how difficult it was . As many other 's have said it chips so easily . Then the more you use the dresser the more it begins to come lose at all the posts and the railings come unscrewed until the drawers are no longer functional . I emailed the part manufacturer and they advised me to tighten all the posts . After I did that it worked ok for about another week until they all started coming lose again . With a 5 month old baby I simply do not have to time to go and retighten all the posts and rails every two weeks or so , it 's ridiculous . On a positive note , I also got the stork craft crib and glider which I am very happy with .
 I received these pacifiers at my baby shower and after doing some research i found out that they are not BPA free , so in the trash they went .
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that this product contains BPA / Bisphenol A. I returned mine . Pacifiers , bottles , breast pumps can have BPA in them as well such as the AVENT products that I returned . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 It is rediculus that I have to pay so much for shipping for a freaking pacifier ... you need to stop getting over people !!
 You request an e-mail from us to give you a preference of color . Why bother ? I requested pink or green -LRB- for a baby girl -RRB- and was sent a blue .
 First , StorkCraft enclosed the wrong assembly directions.After downloading the correct directions online , they BEGAN with the assumption that pieces were already assembled previous to arriving at my door.Honestly , I 've been assembling the baby 's furniture for the past month , but this mess of parts , screws , and poor direction takes the cake.Unless you have an engineering degree I 'd absolutely stay away from this product unless it 's pre-assembled .
 This was the only Storkcraft piece I bought and I must say I am extremely disappointed . The product physically looks like the one pictured , but it is the smallest 5 drawer chest I have ever seen in my life . The actual size is probably smaller than an ordinary 3 drawer chest . The construction quality was terrible compared to all other furniture I have purchased . A couple of the boards have been physically wet before and were water stained . The woodgrain looks to be lithographed on instead of an actual wood that is stained . For the money I would avoid this piece , I would of paid maybe $ 100 for ir from wal-mart , but the quality and size are a major disapointment .
 We got this for our first baby . My boyfriend put it together and within days it was falling apart . The metal screws do not fit right and the drawers are not strudy . I am in love with the way it looks and will find away to fix it . Maybe Rhino glue . All in all , not worth the money , and stress . Not even made of wood . Scrathes very easily
 Absolutely aweful ! The construction is part wood and part `` like-wood . '' Because of our disappointment we conducted further research on this product and discovered that much of the construction is n't real wood . That sure explains a lot because when my husband was putting it together the `` wood '' was chipping off and literally crumbling in the areas where the screws are . I 've never seem such poor quality in my life . Please save yourself the trouble and hassle and DO NOT purchase this product . I do n't know how this item passed baby safety standards .
 The side panel on the item came cracked but we did n't notice until after we put it together . Since its impossible to take apart or fit back in the original box , I asked amazon to send us a new box in order to return the defective product . They are unable to so I am stuck as a new mom with a cracked dresser with drawers that only open half way . This thing is to safe for a nursery . Do not buy .
 Initially we LOVED this chest . After about six months though , the drawers started getting stuck , coming off track , for no apparent reason . While we still use it after four years -LRB- because of the $ $ we paid - ca n't afford to replace it -RRB- , we have to repair it and fix the drawers about every 6 months or so , just to keep it usable . Otherwise they become jammed and you ca n't open them . Do NOT recommend .
 I 've had plenty of assembly furniture in my day . This is by far the absolute worst I have ever seen . PLEASE , do not waste your $ $ . I never write thess reviews , but had to in this case . I only wish I could rate it lower to get the average down . Do n't be fooled by ` staged ' reviews !!!
 Very cheap product . It is made out of cardboard and you have to assemble it yourself . It chips very easily . And it was in terrible shape when it arrived . Very expensive for the quality . I 'm afraid because it looks and feels to be very unsafe for a nursery dresser . I do n't recommend it to anyone .
 This dresser is not very well made . The other day I accidentally chipped the veneer finish with my fingernail . The descriptiom claims it has sturdy cam lock construction and the cam locks fall out all the time no matter how much they are tightened down , making the drawer come apart in the corner . For almost $ 300 I was expecting something more solid and sturdy . This piece of furniture will most likely only make it through one child . It wo n't be one of the pieces that can be passed down . The stain is also not the same on all of the front of the drawer panels . Some of the drawers are darker than others . On the good side , it was n't too complicated to put together , the drawers slide easily and it is nice looking even if it 's cheap . And just a warning , even though amazon says it is eligble for free shipping it is not . They consider it an oversized item , so that adds on about another $ 50 to the price .
 Lots of particle board , that may not even be m.d.f. . The drawer bottoms are thick cardboard . If I had seen this product in a store , I would have not purchased it . Oh well ... live and learn .
 Save yourself time and money by not ordering any products from Stork Craft . I ordered this dresser from Amazon , and it was at my door in two days . Sadly , one of the side panels had a MAJOR spider-web crack in it . I followed the instructions and called the company . I spoke with a representative , and set up an order to be shipped a new panel . A week after the order , I had not received the confirmation email -LRB- they said processing time would be about 3 business days -RRB- . I called the company back , and they had still not processed my order . I made them process the order while I was on the line to make sure it would be done . Almost 3 weeks after the initial phone call , the replacement panel arrived with another spider-web crack , and with 3 of the 5 metal drawer rollers flattened against the wood.I called the company a second time , and was then treated very unprofessionally . They treated me as if I was a liar , stating that every piece of furniture was `` thoroughly inspected '' before being shipped out for replacement . However , it seemed hard to believe being that the packaging the panel came in was it great shape . Even the thick bubble wrap lining the part was still in tact . The defects in the panel must have come from storage , so it seems they have a very poor inspection requirement . The representative even forced me to email pictures of the damaged second panel before they would ship me another replacement . After this long battling , I tried asking Stork Craft to ship the panel with a quicker method . My son 's due date was then about a month out , and I did n't want to wait another 3 weeks for the panel to arrive . They refused , and the best I was able to obtain was for them to process the order with me on the phone , trimming my waiting period to only be 2 weeks before the replacement arrived.When the 3rd panel arrived , I had very low expectation , and rightfully so . The panel had blemishes , and a large scratch about 6 inches long on the outer face , from one of the corners towards the center of the piece . I realized that this was the best I was going to get . I just tried to hide the scratched area of the dresser in my son 's room with other items so no one would notice.The dresser itself is very nice . The color is great , and seems very sturdy . I am satisfied with the product -LRB- or well , I would be if I had one that did not have any defects -RRB- . Save yourself the anxiety , do n't buy from this company . Or , make sure to buy from a store and inspect the pieces before you take them home .
 The directions were n't difficult , though it did take quite awhile to put this piece together . However , once together , it looks horrible . The drawers are all warped ! Not a single drawer is straight ~ they are all crooked . One drawer is a darker stain than all the others , and the screws for the knobs are already stripped . We 're keeping it even though it looks hideous , simply because it would be too much of a pain to take the whole dang thing apart , try to repack it properly , and pay to ship it back . I 'm extremely disappointed . The quality is awful . I would give this 0 stars if I could .
 We ordered this dresser to match the Storkcraft Deborah stages crib and changing table -LRB- both excellent products -RRB- . However , this dresser is a piece of crap . We ordered it from Walmart.com in February . It came completely banged up , with parts missing , and other parts not even fitting together properly . We called the company three different times to get replacement parts -LRB- they sent us the wrong piece the first time around -RRB- ... it is now the end of June and we are still waiting on the last piece . The dresser is made of venier , not hardwood like the website claims . It is a different color than the crib and changing table -LRB- we ordered the cognac -RRB- and does n't match the rest of the furniture . Definitely not worth the money ...
 I have never written a review in my life , but I hate this dresser so much I had to warn other potential victims . FIrst of all , it comes in a million pieces that you then have to assemble . My husband is a carpenter and he was appalled at how difficult it was . As many other 's have said it chips so easily . Then the more you use the dresser the more it begins to come lose at all the posts and the railings come unscrewed until the drawers are no longer functional . I emailed the part manufacturer and they advised me to tighten all the posts . After I did that it worked ok for about another week until they all started coming lose again . With a 5 month old baby I simply do not have to time to go and retighten all the posts and rails every two weeks or so , it 's ridiculous . On a positive note , I also got the stork craft crib and glider which I am very happy with .
 I bought this to puree my 6 month old daughter 's homemade baby foods . You put the blade at the bottom of the cup , load the food in , then put a protective plate and finally put the top piece -LRB- which contains the motor -RRB- on top . The concept seemed good and it is a compact size . CONS
 My 2 year old daughter can suck out one small sip and then I have to open the lid to relieve the pressure so she can take one more drink . This is crazy ! The pair I got does not leak ... and does n't allow my daughter to drink either . I 've contacted Munchkin and am awaiting their response as to how to return them . There must be some discrepancy in these cups ... they either leak or nothing comes out ! I would n't recommend these to anyone !
 The sipping design of these cups and absence of BPA is great . HOWEVER , please be aware that the valve inside each of the two cups that we purchased * routinely * fall out , particularly if the cup is dropped , and then the liquid inside leaks out right away . The valves have come out regardless of how full the cup is . These cups are probably good if your child is older and not likely to drop -LRB- or throw -RRB- his/her cup -LRB- which can trigger valve displacement -RRB- , but I could not in good faith recommend these to any of my friends -- or to anyone on Amazon shopping for cups . I try to use them sometimes -LRB- since we have -RRB- but my husband ca n't stand them and avoids them in the cupboard . The insulation factor is ok ; I time-tested cold water with some First Years insulated cups and the First Years actually stayed cool on our counter a little longer -LRB- I do n't consider this a real show-stopper -RRB- . Have not had an issue with the images coming off , and we do use them at least two days/week , have owned them about 6 mos , and do run them through the dishwasher . If you do n't mind leaking and subsequent clean-ups , then they have a good sipping design -LRB- not too bottle-like -RRB- . Should mention that they also sometimes leak around the neck .
 First of all , my husband and I bought these because they are bigger than her Avent cups and my daughter loves Dora . We get them home and as I am washing them to give her when she wakes up in the morning , I realize that one of them leaks ! I tried taking the top on and off , I shook it , water still came out . I tried messing with the spill-proof valve , and that had nothing to do with it . The water was pouring out from underneath the screwed on top . But it was only one of them.So the next day , I give her the one that was n't leaking and there 's still a problem ... she has to suck way too hard to get anything out ! I even tried it and it was hard for me , and I 'm 27 ! I told her she 'd just have to try harder , and let her walk around the house with it , until she started whining . I looked at her and her lips were slightly swollen from all of the sucking ! They hurt and were puffy ! I 'm calling the company first thing Monday morning , as this is Saturday night , and complain and demand my money back !
 I bought these cups because they seemed like `` big kid '' cups . They leak . No matter how you put the lid on , they leak . Sadly , the cheap , `` throw-away '' kind work better . This was a waste of money .
 yes these cups look nice , have an easy valve and are a great size but extreme sucking is needed to get anything out ... my daughter has had dozens of different ` sippy ` cups and hasnt had a problem with any of them -LRB- i did as most of them leaked ! Stale milk in car = not good -RRB- but turns blue in the face trying to get some liquid out of these cups ... I tried it and I even found it hard ... so now on the lookout once again for the best cup as this is not the one for us
 Unfortunately the design of this spill-resistant cup leaks excessively when tipped on its side even when the cap is snapped closed.While we still use the cup for water at home , we do NOT use it with milk , juice or any other sticky liquid.We do NOT carry it in a diaper bag as the leakage will dampen or soil the other contents of the bag .
 We wanted to buy the best for our son and heard this was one of the top of the line strollers . After the first couple of uses we had trouble opening the stroller . Something would get stuck . If my husband was with me he 'd take the stroller into the store and figure it out . When I was alone , I 'd have to either use a shopping cart or just go home frustrated . WARNING - If there 's a problem , you have to deal with the manufacturer and not the store you purchase it from !!!!! That means you have to -LRB- ... -RRB- PAY the shipping and handling fees each way AND parts and labor if they feel it is due to lack of care . By the way , they recommend cleaning and lubricating the stroller each month . We contacted customer service who was rude and insinuated it was our fault asking if we used the stroller in wet or muddy pavements and that more than likely would cost us to fix it . We had hardly used the item and it never got dirty . We do n't want to pay UPS $ 40.00 to send to them and then get a bigger bill to repair and have it shipped back to us . WE have be SO -LRB- ... -RRB- disappointed and shocked that this item has only been an inconvenience and unreliable . We purchased a lemon ! We should have simply paid less for another line that would have been reliable
 I was very excited about purchasing this stroller after reading the positive reviews ... only to be disappointed . My baby is 2mos old & we have been using a Snap & Go -LRB- which I LOVE -RRB- ... but needed a more substantial stroller for walks outside , etc. . When using this stroller outside it rattled , the handles felt loose , & was a bumpy ride . I felt that for the price it should have felt sturdier & smoother on the pavement . The basket is a PAIN ... unable to access it from the back , & from the front you ca n't even fit a medium sized diaper bag , or much of anything else into it . I was unable to steer this stroller one handed which also bothered me . I returned this stroller & purchased the Graco Quattro -LRB- for outdoor use -RRB- for a fraction of the cost and I am thrilled with it ! I plan to purchase a lightweight stroller for trips to the mall . I will spend less on the 2 new strollers together than I did on the Pliko .
 This is a really REALLY cheap product ! If I did n't wash it , i would definitely return it.Also , the size is pretty small compared to other hooded towels .
 These pacifiers were a pain !! The nipple was too small for my sons mouth , even though he was in the recommended age group . The cut out for the nose is too high and was always rubbing him . The plastic surrounding the nipple is flat and hard , not curved to fit the face at all and my son hated that . Also , the plastic outside and ring are hard plastic , so when it would fall out of his mouth at night it would wake him up . Not worth the money .
 1 . There are only 10 thank-yous and 10 envelopes in this set .2 . The bottom folded part of the cards -LRB- the part you would write on -RRB- is longer than the top part , so if you were to write on the lower part of the inner card , you could see those words after the card is folded -LRB- if you look at the picture , what appears to be a white border at the bottom of the card is actually the inside of the card -RRB- .3 . Perhaps worst of all - the packaging came with a manufacturer 's suggested retail price tag of $ 8.95 , whereas they are being sold for almost TWICE that amount here !!! STEER CLEAR OF THIS ITEM !
 This is the worst camera of any kind I have ever tried , even for the money it 's not a bargain . I ended up buying an AgCam from a local dealer , it 's a lot more money but it was worth every penny . This is junk and I would n't recommend it to anybody , but the one I have is the best I have ever seen , go to agcam.net and see what is available in real hardware .
 I bought this camera to enhance the audio baby monitor we already have . This camera started out OK , we then noticed that the signal would fade in and out at times as well as flicker on the monitor screen . In all fairness to the product , the infrared/nightvision part of the camera works well , the hardware in package was a little shabby for installing the camera on a wall , was forced to purchase my own hardware . As if the flickering was not enough we also noticed that there were times when the entire picture would vanish for a long while . After some slight detective work we figured out that the camera transmits on 2.4 Ghz band and so does the cordless phone in our house , which interfered with the signal . I also get a lot of interference when the microwave is running as well . For what I paid for this camera I will live with the inconveniences that this thing offers . I also looked into purchasing an agcam , but its quite pricey . If you can deal with the flickering from time to time this is not a bad purchase , otherwise KEEP LOOKING !!!!
 NOT 100 % cotton , says polyester right on the tag . Toy is tiny for the price . My son could care less about it -LRB- I keep trying -RRB- and far prefers other things for teething . This is overpriced misrepresented crap in my opinion . Total rip off .
 The fabric used for this blanket is not soft and cuddly like a baby blanket should be . The design is very nice but the quality leaves alot to be desired !
 This stroller is rather difficult to manuever when your baby is more than 15 lbs . or so . Now that my baby is 2 -LRB- and not very heavy at all -RRB- , It feels like I have to force the stroller into turns -LRB- no , the wheels are not locked :--RRB- -RRB- and the stroller seems to be creaky . My sister has the same experience . Rather disappointed , I do n't recommend this stroller for this reason .
 If you have a problem with your stroller , Inglesina will not stand behind its products . Be aware .
 I ordered these last week and only could order from ANBBABY - which was disappointing since they were not eligible for PRIME . They arrived today in the mail - completely shattered . They were shipped with absolutely no packing materials - just in an envelope . Now , I have the hassle of trying to get a refund directly from them . Sigh . Just what I want to do while taking care of a newborn .
 This size will not work if you have a large chest but small nipples as I do . . So it did nothing for me . . I am not using it , so for me it was a waste of money . .
 I would consider my 36 B 's to be small to medium sized ... so to find that a medium sized breastshield was too small came as a surprise ...
 I thought my production was down b/c of shield size , but these were too small , I have no use for them but they are not returnable .
 I thought these were the same as the standard Medala shields provided with the pump . They actually clean much better , but seem to fit much tighter , creating a stronger suction which is unnecessary for me .
 I bought these to work with my medela pump in style , but they are n't compatible-despite what their description states ! Not sure what I can do with them now ... I hate wasting money .
 I bought this as a spare for a manual pump that I purchased from the same manufacturer . This shield was way to rigid and uncomfortable . It 's too bad it ca n't be returned . The shield that came with my pump was flexible and soft and way more comfortable . I do n't think I would have continued pumping if this shield was my only option .
 The Amazon seller sold me an opened box . this is unsanitary as these are factory sealed for sanitary reasons and now I 'm stuck repackaging and shipping it back . Ridiculous ! Please do n't buy from them ! I have already reported them.The product itself I already owned and I can tell you that I 'm finding them quite uncomfortable . I 've tried the 24mm , 27mm and the 30mm and all have caused me problems with nipple damage . I 'm now trying the Pumpinpals shields and while it takes me a couple minutes longer to letdown with them , they are far more comfortable . I recommend buying all sizes . I thought I might use the largest , but I used the middle . Cheers ,
 we have the freestyle breast pump , and it comes with the 24mm breastshield . we tried-out the 27mm breast shield but the tunnel length -LRB- distance to the pump-head -RRB- is much longer than the 24mm breastshield , so the milk pools in the tunnel !! i think design does n't work well for us , so i called the canadian medela customer service and they said too bad , that 's the way it is . they should have tried some gesture to satisfy me as the customer over a 9 $ product -LRB- we 've spent hundreds of dollars on medela products -RRB- but i guess they do n't really care about `` customer service '' .
 Bought this laminated baby bag from seller . Bought product as new . The bag included a changing pad prepackaged and placed within baby bag . When we opened the changing pad there were blood and fecal stains ! Yuck . This is a biohazard . Went to return bag for a replacement and seller/amazon will not allow replacement . That is okay , will return and get refund ... not sure what else we would find if we got another bag from this seller .
 This bed is nice to look at but has hardly been used and is falling apart already . I think paying a little more for a bettter quality bed would have been more worth my money .
 May state that it 's hypoallergenic but it still contains a perfume that caused rashes on our infant . Confirmed with pediatrician that it was a skin rash and not baby acme . We switched to Cetaphil RestoraDerm body wash and the rashes quickly went away . Would not recommend for any sensitive skin infant .
 I have a new baby boy ... and you do n't get to choose the color !! Of course they sent me 4 pink nuks ... why would n't they just send everybody a neutral color , or at least let us choose ?
 this pacifier the most horrible on the market ... it leaves such a horrible circle on the baby 's face ... i bet this is quite painful for a little one ... we love mums -LRB- or something like this -RRB- made in belgium them are also on amazon
 You can get 2 pacifiers for the same price from another merchant on Amazon.com . At this price for one , it is far more expensive than what a local pharmacy charges .
 Although my 8 month old son seemed to enjoy this pacifier we had to stop using it because he can fit the _ entire _ pacifier -LRB- nipple , shield , handle and all -RRB- into his mouth which cuased him to gag and choke . I know a lot of families who love this brand , but watch your child to make sure this pacifier is an appropriate choice for you . We have switched to a brand with a larger shield .
 This is a nice looking bag but is way too big and bulky for a petite frame -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- . The shoulder strap is very long and it is too wide for a comfortable fit . The hardware is bright gold and bit too `` 80 's '' for me . I would have almost considered keeping the bag if the hardware were silver . Other than that , it seems to be a good size for a taller person , is very roomy inside and I like that the insulated bottle pockets are on the inside , making it look like a regular shoulder bag and not an obvious baby bag . I 'm disappointed that it did n't work for me .
 Bag is hard to get in and out of being to soft of construction . You must put the bag down on the floor to properly open it . Side zippers are useless with the exception of a cell phone . Storage is ok . Personally if you have money to burn get it , but you can definately save over $ 100.00 with another bag like the Skip Hop Studio . Definately avoid thier Elizabeth model as whatever leather they use is cheap . Maybe they have changed factories because the product does n't seem to be made as well as before .
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that this product contains BPA / Bisphenol A. I returned mine . Pacifiers , bottles , breast pumps can have BPA in them as well such as the AVENT products that I returned . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 I was in desperate need of a new baby monitor . I bought this one because of two reasons
 The major flaw is with the PARENT unit . Unlike the child unit , the parent unit does NOT have a charging mechanism . It runs on 4 AAA batteries . I figured `` OK , just buy rechargeable batteries . '' But the unit drains the batteries really fast AND it takes a SCREW DRIVER to change the batteries . If it was once a month or so , no big deal , but the batteries will die in a day or two , especailly if you forget and leave the unit on after nap time . IF this product had a parent unit to match the child unit with a handy charging base and rechargeable batteries , i 'd give the system 5 stars . We 're returning this item . Do n't waste your time .
 I am the mother of three and have had good monitors before . I bought this one with my third baby and immediately started having problems with it . Every so often the base unit does n't line up correctly and shows that its not charged when it is . The receiver part has to be plugged in all the time . If not , then you will go through batteries every couple days . Very expensive . I will say that its clear for the most part , that 's why I gave it two stars , but after having this for less than 7 months it is starting to make strange static noises and I must buy a new monitor . Save your money and look for another one . This one is poorly designed .
 I 'm hesitant to recommend any First Years monitor , because there is a recurring problem with the charging bases.I charged our receiver for a good week or more before our baby was born , so the receiver should have had a good charge . Instead , it would flash low battery whenever I took it off the base.When I would try to re-charge the unit on the charging base , I noticed the problem . Even with the receiver properly placed on the charging base , it would only charge intermittently . I could see the battery charging light come on now and then , but by and large it would not charge at all , and there would be no light.I thought I had a defective model , until I talked to another mommy at my local Babies ` R'Us store -LRB- while we both scoped out other monitors -RRB- . Turns out she had also just returned a First Years monitor for the same problems with the charging base . -LRB- Also note another reviewer out here had the same problems . -RRB-
 As a electrical engineer and pround new father of a baby girl , I am more than disappointed with this product . It did not work out of the box . With a 10 hour fully charged battery in the baby unit and brand new 4 AAAs in the parent unit the range was 1 foot -LRB- with or without the AC adapter plugged into it -RRB- , on both A and B channels . If you buy this brand & model and have good luck that is great but why take the chance ? For me it is back to the store to exchange this for something better , but first I will read the opinions , something I should have done in the first place . Best fo luck to you .
 First the pros :1 . The range on this monitor is fabulous . We can pick up the sound from five houses away , down a city block . All I really wanted to do was get a good signal deep in the backyard ; this monitor has made it possible to take my toddler outside while the baby sleeps in his crib .2 . I really like the graduated lights - green , yellow and red . If there is some background noise in your room and you 're not sure what you heard , the progressive lights help to confirm activity .3 . I LOVE the portability ! When packing up baby to go to a friends ' house , there is no need to bring any power supplies ! 4 . The manufacturer has great service.Now the bad
 We originally registered for this for our baby shower and got it as a gift . I thought it would be really neat that it could go anywhere . That was until I realized that it was n't very smart to make the child unit rechargeable and not the parent unit . I am a first time mom and thought I would have used it in more places than JUST my son 's room . I go through batteries like crazy in that parent unit moving around the house while he is sleeping . And the child unit attached to the crib does n't even keep the charge all night . I keep it on the charger all day.Another thing , after only having the unit a couple of months the on/off switch on the parent unit kept getting stuck on . It then stopped working all together over night for no reason . The lights worked but no sound came out . It would work only if you banged it on the table . I got it replaced and now this one has sooooo much static and interference it is driving me crazy . I am thinking of returning it all together and getting a different monitor . This time I will look at the reviews FIRST . I would not recommend this model at all .
 The clarity of this monitor is great , but after only 3 months of use I had to return it to the store because of a problem with the charging base . The transmitter would not charge nor would it work just sitting on the base.I loved the idea of the attachable base and again the clarity that I experienced with this monitor was great . Unforunately , I can not recommend this product because it sounds like from my experience and other peoples experience First Years has a problem with this monitor .
 I should 've read the reviews berore asking my mother in law for this monitor.The speaker on the monitor keeps quiting everytime I pick it up . I even opened it to see whether it was due to lousy welding , but it seems as the speaker is the main problem.Since I live in Brazil there is no way I can return this but is seems to me that this is a continuing problem for all other users.Do they have ` recalls ' for baby moinitors ? Other than that the reception is ok ...
 We ca n't figure out why the baby unit is rechargeable but NOT the parent 's unit ... It seems like it would make more sense the other way around because the parent may want to walk around with the unit . This has been frustrating when we use it at the grandparent 's house , and we have to keep plugging/unplugging the parent unit whenever we move around the house . Recharging the baby unit seems not as necessary as that unit usually is stationary . The parent unit can take batteries but you have to use a screwdriver to open the case up . Otherwise , reception seems to be ok -LRB- though we do n't use it over long distances -RRB- , and the LED indicators for sounds are useful .
 I needed to replace my 3 + year old First Years Crisp & Clear , which worked great for a long time , but was sporadically failing after so much use -LRB- and abuse ! -RRB- . However , it appears that Crisp & Clear has been replaced by this one . -LRB- I could n't find the Crisp & Clear at the store or on Amazon , even though Consumer Reports just rated it tops in January 2004 ! -RRB- I assumed that the technology 3 years later would be better . Wow , was I wrong ! This unit has a constant low buzz , and the sounds it picks up are muffled and certainly not nearly as `` crisp '' or `` clear '' as the old model , where I could hear every breath of my child.Moreover , it has a rechargeable battery , but only for the child unit ! While this might be helpful if you use the feature of attaching the child unit to the crib -LRB- which I do n't need -RRB- , I was extremely disappointed to find out that the parent unit does NOT have rechargeable batteries ! This is the unit that is carried around -LRB- and outside -RRB- the house and is rarely plugged in . On the old Crisp and Clear model , the parent unit had rechargeable batteries , which was essential . I am returning this unit to the store where I bought it and have purchased the more expensive Clear & Near model from Amazon.com , hoping it will be as good as or superior to the old Crisp & Clear . The Clear & Near is advertised as having high quality sound and long range , as well as a rechargeable battery on the parent unit . Hopefully , it will do the trick !
 This monitor was terrible . Even with the volume turned all the way up we could n't hear our baby - Sometimes he would cry and we would hear him from the other room but the monitor was n't registering it . We exchanged it for a Fisher Price Aquarium Monitor - also terrible , a real waste of money . We now have the Fisher Price 900 mhz and it is THE BEST monitor ! We have a 14 mo. old daughter and a 3 mo. old son - we love this monitor so much that we bought it for both kids . It is so sensitive we can even hear the babies breathing - the reception is crystal clear . Do n't waste your money on this one - buy the Fisher Price 900 mhz .
 We got one of these when our son was a newborn in part to avoid interference with some 2.4 GHz devices around the house . It worked reasonably well until just out of warranty , when the parent unit broke -LRB- the switch , apparently -RRB- . We could n't return it , and could n't repair it . Stuck with a child unit , and figuring it was just one of those things , we decided to buy a replacement pair , and just have an extra child unit we could swap in and out as a replacement . Gosh , what do you know , the new child unit broke down , and we had only one parent and child unit , and then the second child unit broke down.We did n't drop , wet , or otherwise abuse any of these units , and followed the recharge and usage instructions to a T.Whatever the reason for the breakages , and however much the features may appeal , I do n't think 12 months of combined use for two units is what you would call reliable . In fact , I call it awful . Avoid at all costs .
 I bought this monitor because our first monitor , which was over 2 years oldstarted to give us problems . I figured with another baby on the way I 'd get lotsof use out of it . The main reason I decided to go with this one was because of it 's rechargeable monitor . I like to have the peace of mind that if the power goes out in a storm , I 'll still be able to monitor my children . It just does n't make sense that these companies are building monitors with receiver batteryback-up , but no monitor battery back-up . Anyway , I followed the directionsand fully charged the base . In the 2 weeks I owned the monitor , it never left the charging base . The only time we use the monitor is at night . Then , 2 nights in a row our receiver started beeping REALLY loudly . The instruction manual says the beeping indicates monitor low battery or out of range . Neither of which was the case . After being awakened for the second nite in a row , I decided to return it . Believe what the others have said about this product . I thought , `` If I never take it off the base , I should n't have the problems they 're having with the monitor not keeping a charge , etc. . `` WRONG . It also had a loud hum that was audible even on the lowest volume setting , which irritates me because I am a light sleeper .
 We got this monitor as a baby shower gift . It worked for about a week and then it stopped . The only thing that works is the lights , but there is no sound . I would n't recommend this product to any parent . This kind of failure in a product of this type is inexcusable .
 Unless you are listening for static instead of a crying baby , I suggest passing on this product !!! It worked great for the first few months but after that you could only hear static
 When I bought this monitor , I thought it would be really neat that it could go anywhere , but the parent unit uses batteries like crazy . If this was the main problem I would be happy , but there is more ... Another thing , after only having the unit for 3 months , It stopped working all together over night for no reason . The lights worked but no sound came out . It would work only if you banged it on the table or blow through the speaker ... I even thought about buying one of those pumps to keep pumping air into the speaker !!! I can not replace it since I am now working for a couple of years abroad , so I decided to buy one from SONY , which is a brand I can trust . This time I looked at the reviews FIRST . I would not recommend this model at all , only if you like a lot of stactic and interference , together with headache that does not work .
 I received this monitor as a shower gift and I can not get it to work . I 've called customer service 4 times with no resolution . They sent me a replacement base and replacement rechargable batter pack , but it did not fix the problem . I believe there is a short in the on/off switch in the parent unit . This is far to much hassle for me at 9 mos pregnant preparing for baby 's arrival . Be prepared , customer service consists of ONE person . I 've waited on hold for over 20 mins at least twice . I 'm returning this poor product for something different .
 This monitor picks up all wireless noises because it is not digital - anything
 We bought this stroller so I could jog with my baby , but the fixed wheel did not allow for easy turning . The stroller pulled to the left , so , while I appreciate the arm workout , made it nearly impossible to run . We since got a different stroller . I can say this stroller is designed fairly well in terms of safety . The baby fits nicely with the secure straps . The parent bar does not adjust , however , so tall parents beware . If you are a serious runner , I do n't think this stroller would be for you . I could not fit the stroller in my trunk , and while taking the wheels on and off is not hard , it 's an extra hassle . The stroller I now have -LRB- In Step with swivel wheel -RRB- actually fits in my trunk .
 I was so excited when I bought this stroller . I put it together and took it for a test run with my 2-year-old daughter in it . I had gotten as far as my neighbor 's house , when the frame holding up the front wheel became twisted causing the front wheel to fall off . I did n't go over any major bumps . I have never seen anything like this in my life . Thank goodness my daughter was not injured .
 The bowl on this potty is way too small -LRB- especially for a boy -RRB- ! My son is 26 months and average sized . If I center his bottom on it , his front parts are squished against the front of the bowl . If I move him back to be more comfortable , his bottom is n't even over the bowl ! Who designed this thing?I now have the `` contoured cushie step up '' from One Step Ahead . Much better ! There is an almost identical seat for sale on Amazon , -LRB- for less money -RRB- called the Primo Freedom Trainer . It is much roomier , but still small enough to make my son feel secure .
 This product is badly designed . My daughter used it several times , and every time she used urine leaked from the gap between the seat and the cup . I had to clean the whole thing.The cup is way too small . Who designed this ???
 I echo the other reviewers comments . The lid does not stay on at all , I put that in the closet a long time ago . The potty leaks every single time my daughter uses the potty . I think it leaks down between the seat and bowl and then pools in the bottom or leaks onto the floor . The seat is difficult to remove to clean . The flush mechanism held no interest to her and just ended up being something to mess with . I bought 2 of these chairs , one for my house and one for grandma 's . They both leak . We are just about finished training , otherwise , I would spend the money on a different potty chair . Also , the bowl does come out easily and now my 2 year old tries to pull it out and empty it herself , leading to even more mess .
 It 's okay if your kid needs somewhere to pee or poop . I do like the fact that it has his picture on it -LRB- which attracts him to it -RRB- , but I do n't like the fact that a -RRB- as the others say , the pee leaks through the bowl -LRB- I have NO IDEA how this is possible -RRB- ; b -RRB- the `` recording '' is so scratchy it scares him every time he flushes ; c -RRB- you have to remove the flush mechanism each time he pees because of the pee in the bottom of the bowl . However , he does using the chamber pot as a hat , and the rest of it as a step stool ...
 Do not waste your $ $ $ on buying a potty with all the bells and whistles . The flush sound , picture holder , and voice recording are soooo not necessary . We do n't even use those features . Actually we do n't use much of this potty . The only thing we use is the seat ring , we take it off and put it on the big potty to use . It was such a hassle to clean ! Oh wait ... we also use this potty for it 's step stool ability . As a step stool it gets 5 stars!Now , I have a boy ... this seat was definitely not designed by anyone who has a boy or who has tried to potty train a boy . The lack of a pee guard is so impractical ! There should be a warning to parents of boys on the box!Bottom line ... not happy with this product .
 I , too , purchased this potty -LRB- its predecessor , actually -RRB- for my son some time ago . We have been trying to train him and I am almost to the point of giving up on training because I can no longer stand having to dismantle the thing every time he pees ! I have to first unhinge the cover , remove the basin and clean out what little has not leaked out of it , then put the potty itself under warm running water . WHAT A HASSLE ! I am going tomorrow to purchase a simple potty with no bells and whistles that will be easy to clean regularly .
 all the other parents of boys . This product does not suit little boys very well . I have had to dismantle and clean this potty almost everyday . Even when my son gets everything inside it seems as if a little seeps through the bottom of the removeable cup to the inside . I will have to get him a potty with the old fashioned little cup to go in front of him
 The lid always falls down and the child ca n't even lean on it . When my son tried to use it by himself , the very little protection shield did nothing to prevent a big mess . So how can they learn to use the potty with something like that ! The bowl is way too small so repositioning did not help much either . Using it as a step stool is no fun either , it is too heavy for a little one to carry around . Not a very good design at all I agree with all the other * reviews .
 This musical potty seat was not designed by a parent . It is horrible . We have been potty training for a little while now and this potty is making the process very messy . Instead of keeping things simple , they chose to make this out of 4 seperate components -LRB- I am not counting the musical flusher -RRB- . The problem is they made no effort to seal the components . The splash guard design tends to direct urine into the seam between the removable bowl and the white plastic cover . This allows urine to get in between the white plastic cover and the blue base . The result is that you may dump out the urine from the bowl , but urine is left behind in every nook and cranny of this seat . So if you have to move it , expect urine to drip everywhere . Also , expect a pool of urine to form directly below it.It is also difficult to clean . You have to separate the white top cover from the blue base -LRB- which it was not designed for -RRB- in order to adequately clean all the nooks.Keep it simple , and steer clear of this product .
 Sure the thing is cute and sturdy but is as messy as it can be . I should have listened to my husband who suggested we added some weight to our 99 cents potty.To make the story short , the urine only stays in the small removable pot when your kid has perfect aim -LRB- not often at the beginning -RRB- . If he misses only a little bit , the urine ends up between the white ring and the actual body of the potty or inside the body . As a result you end up dismantling and washing all the parts of the artifact EVERY SINGLE TIME . The main problem with this is not that you waste a lot of time , but that your little one gets the idea that going to the bathroom is cumbersome , complicated and frustrating . Next time you tell him
 After my 2.5 year old uses this , there is pee not only inside the potty , but under the ring , inside the potty under the holder , and ON THE FLOOR of my bathroom . It 's just a mess and extremely TIME-CONSUMING cleaning up ALL of the parts , AND the floor after each use .
 I purchased this seat a year ago when my son was 18 months old ... just to get him used to it . Now that it is in use alot more , I am frustrated to have to clean the thing out all the time . I go to take the basin out to dump his acheivement into the toilet , and notice a happy little trail of it leaking out of the rest of the toilet . I even tried to put a home-made barrier in it to block pee from going below , no use . No wonder its one of the cheaper potties I have seen on the market . He might as well still go on the floor . Plus , if they have a hard time getting onto it , the door closes on their little back . Sure the little reward stickers are cute . But I am forced to go back to the store to purchase a new potty that actually keeps the pee pee in the bowl and ONLY in the bowl
 I bought this potty chair because it seemed simple . however , every time my daughter uses it it leaks on the floor and under the bowl , so theres always alot of clean up . the flushing handle falls off all the time and is hard for my daughter to use . wished i 'd spent a little more and got quality instead i got crap !
 I think this potty would be okay for girls , but not for boys . When boys use it , the pee goes under the rim , between the removeable pot , and spills out on the floor . I have to take it apart and wash it every time . I tried the detachable seat on the big potty , but my toddler feels insecure because it slides around . Now I 'm going to have to buy another potty because he insists on using the `` little potty . '' I 'll probably buy a one piece from baby bjorn .
 I got this for my 20 month old son . When he tries to use it he ends up peeing on the floor . What they call a pee shield does n't shield ! I thought it would be great seeings he like to flush the toilet . Works great for girls though .
 I have 2 little boys , one is 19 months and started potty training about a month ago . I started with this potty , the guard is nothing spectacular , I could n't tell you how many times he has sprayed me . And then it leaked between the bowl and the hole . I had to hold it down for him too . After the first day I went to get another potty seat that is much better . The guard is high and the seat is cushioned . I mean the potty was cute , but just not practical enough for me .
 Having begun potty training my 2 yr old son -LRB- our 2nd child -RRB- this has got to be the worst potty chair - especially for a boy . Even with the `` front splash guard '' built into the removable cup it is not good enough to prevent a boy from urinating over the front of the toilet . Personally the lid on the toilet is more of a pain than useful as a step stool when closed . My son rarely uses it for a stool and the lid is annoying . He has fallen over backwards onto the lid while sitting on the potty - and he was not happy about it . The sound box is not worth it either . With the toilet on the floor -LRB- and sound box underneath -RRB- you can hardly make out the music or your recorded voice . My son has had no interest in the bells and whistles . He is just proud of himself overall and wants to show us that he is a big boy ! We are throwing it in the garbage and purchasing the Baby Bjorn toilet with the raised backside . It has much better reviews . I also wanted to add one more thing that we just did for our son . We purchased new boys briefs for him and had them delivered -LRB- he got to open the box as a gift to him -RRB- . He was excited and ooohing and aahhing over the underwear and he knew what to do with them right away . It is more of an incentive for him - and he is eager to wear his new undies when he is ready !
 I purchased this chair after reading all of the great reviews about it . We wanted a chair for our 6 month old that would sit in our existing dining chairs and not take up any extra room.I was so disappointed when I got this chair . It 's very uncomfortable for our baby because its entirely made out of plastic and the back does not have padding . Yes its easy to clean but our baby was fussy as soon as we put him in it.We returned this and got a fisher price space saver chair instead . We are thrilled with the space saver . It 's so comfortable and alot larger than this chair . The tray is bigger and he loves to sit in it at the dining table with us.I would pass on this chair and if you are looking for a chair for home get the spacesaver if you are looking for a travel chair get a hook on chair .
 The booster seat is minimally adjustable ; fits on a level chair seat ; held by adjustable straps . Child is secured by a three-belt harness , plus the removable tray . However , the tray is secured by a three-position plastic lock that depends upon the flexibility of the plastic material for removal . Tray removal , which is performed every time a child is taken out of the seat , can be easy or quite difficult , depending on the accuracy of manufacture and the temperature of the plastic tray . This can be a very annoying operation with an impatient child .
 Product looks great , but my 9mos old grandson can pull the tray off by himself . The seat is very sturdy and straps down securely , but the tray , insert & cover were made improperly or should have been better thought out .
 I went out and bought this booster seat for my 21 month old daughter . My 3 year old son has a booster seat as well which is a cheaper model -LRB- still being sold -RRB- , and other than being a crumb trap which has to be taken apart to be cleaned it is very useful , it gets him up high so he can sit at the table with us and it allows me to strap him in so he can not get out during meal time . However this Healthy Care Booster Seat is almost worthless . It does not elevate my daughter up high enough to eat at the table -LRB- her height is in the 90 % -RRB- , so I have to use the tray . But unfortunately the tray is so small , I can not fit any of my daughters child size plastic plates on it , so I have to put her food on the tray provided , which she can take apart and throw . This chair is easier to clean , but not giving me anything I need .
 I 'm not going to write a very long review because there are already over 700 hundred reviews for this product . Based on those reviews I bought this chair . My 11 month old daughter was in it for less than 5 minutes when she pulled the top tray right off , spilling the food onto the floor . I replaced it and she promptly did it again . I would suggest holding on to your receipt , if your child figures out the tray trick then return the chair , if not -- enjoy !
 I am horribly disappointed . I just got off the phone with Fisher Price , and they can not tell me whether this chair or the tray contain BPA , or even what it is made of . I was told ` it meets USA requirements ' and unfortunately I know that the USA is far behind banning this harmful junk from our babies . It is especially disheartening because the design is working spectacular for my 8 month old , simple clean up and easy to use . I was told there is absolutely no one to contact and no way to find out what this chair is made of . I wo n't be purchasing Fisher Price again .
 I do n't have a whole lot to say about this booster , but wanted to note to other buyers that there is a potential tipping hazard with the seat.We visited with friends for lunch one day and they pulled out this booster and attached it to a folding chair and brought it to the dining room table for us to use . I sat next to my 10 month old daughter the whole time but simply did not react fast enough when she leaned forward and tipped the entire apparatus -LRB- the high chair and the adult folding chair -RRB- forward . Since the chair was facing the dining table , she ended up busting her lip right on the edge of the glass table . The booster with tray can be quite front heavy , so please be sure you only attach it to a very sturdy and preferably wide chair . And insist on it if you 're visiting others -LRB- we are often too polite for our own good -RRB- . My daughter is not a very active or bouncy baby , but she managed to tip it over while leaning forward . There are n't warnings to this effect on the booster seat , but I wanted to make the issue known to other parents to whom it may not have occurred .
 We purchased this seat for our daughter when she turned one . Seemed like a great option and was inexpensive . After a while , the back of the seat continued to pop off . That was so annoying . We began noticing a bruise along my daughter 's lower back at her spine . It would slightly fade and then come back . I became so worried that it might be cancer until I read online that it might be the hard plastic seat pressing on her lower back . As soon as we replaced the seat with the Prince Lionheart Booster Pod the bruising went away . I highly recommend the Booster Pod in place of this terrible seat . The Healthy Care booster seat is so hard and uncomfortable and not safe for their lower backs . Do n't waste your money .
 This product itself is a great product . However , they did change the color to brown/beige/white instead of blue/green/white . If you spend 30 seconds checking its price , you can easily find that the same item is less than $ 30 in other place -LRB- ex . walmart , babiesrus , etc -RRB- even for the same old model -LRB- blue/green/white -RRB- . I 've already emailed Amazon about how this seller has changed the price to more than double after receiving so many great reviews about this product . Amazon said that they can not do anything.Buyers , just be smart and do not rely on one price !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We bought two of these seats to travel with for our 2 year old twin boys . We like them so much , that we packed away the highchairs , and use these seats everyday now too ! We just bought a third seat for our four month old daughter who is starting on cereal . She is not sitting up on her own yet , but is able to sit in this seat quite securely when strapped in and with the tray in place . She loves to sit in her chair and eat with her brothers , or just play with a toy on her tray.The contour of the seat is comfortable for little bottoms . There is plenty of room for our toddlers to sit , but not too much room - enabling them to squirm and turn around . -LRB- A major complaint we had with traditional highchairs . -RRB- The tray snaps on and off easily , but is secure enough that a child ca n't get it off himself . My boys can put the tray on by themselves , but can not get it off - they have tried !! The different positions available for tray seem adequate . We put the tray on the middle tabs with our two year olds and they have plenty of `` gut room '' . The child straps are great for extra security for an infant , or when not using the tray . The straps used for securing the seat to a chair work nicely on a wide variety of chairs.There are a couple of things that are not `` perfect '' . The cup holder on the removable tray is too small for some sippy cups . We just use the main tray . The back of the chair folds down a little too easily . When our boys try to get in their seats by themselves , the back often folds down when they hold onto it .
 why did it went up too high , it was $ 27 last week , almost doubled the price . i have seen the rating , that is why i was goin to buy it . i hope it will go back to the old price .
 We bought this chair for our granddaughter to use at our home . It stores away easily , easy to clean and does not take up room like a high chair . The adjustable height makes this chair perfect .
 I read all the reviews on this seat and thought I would check it out . The very first time my 3 year old used it she pushed her back against the backrest and it popped out of place causing the plastic to stretch un-naturally . This happened several times within a 2 week period . I actually bought 2 of these for my two daughters . The second booster had the same problem . I need a booster seat that will last for a long time . If you have kids who like to push back or stretch out in their booster seat I would recommend a booster seat with a thicker backrest . Also the attachable tray with cup holder is so easy to remove that my 3 year old removes it while she is eating , thus causing her food to fall on the floor , making a very big mess .
 I purchased this for my almost 2 year old granddaughter 's visit , and immediately sent it back . The tray was too small even for her child size plate , and the item overall was undersized -- maybe good for a child much much younger . Would not recommend .
 I had bought this for my son at 6 months old for visiting graqndparents . I really liked the features , but did n't like it once i put my son in it . I loved the idea that it folded up , had a carrying strap , could come apart easily to clean , and the different trays . I thought that the back could be a little higher , he still needed some support , and could n't sit straight up . Also he is an average size baby , and when i put him in the seat he had just fit , and the seat looked really small with him in it . I returned and bought him a reclining seat with a higher back .
 I bought this chair because it is small and fits on my small dining room chairs . I have a small New York apartment so it works well for that . The problem is that it is a very small chair . My 5 & 1/2 month old is going to outgrow it fast , probably in the next two months . He is big , 23lbs and 29inches long , but this chair is suppose to be good for toddlers to . His little chubby thighs are n't going to fit soon , so I would not recommend this for a long term chair for your baby.Also , the tray is very difficult to put on , when you are doing it while tiny grabbing fingers are in the way , it takes a a long time and you must be very careful.I would not recommend this chair , if you have a big baby , keep looking !
 UPDATED BELOW . Amazon should not be sharing the reviews for the old blue booster with the new yellow & orange one . The blue one gets 5 stars from me ; it was perfect . We had to replace it so I bought the new yellow one.The yellow one DOES NOT ADJUST up or down for height . My son 's legs no longer fit under our table because we ca n't adjust it down far enough like we could with the blue one.In addition , the yellow one comes with only the main one-piece white tray . The blue booster comes with a main blue tray , a white snap-in tray with a molded cup space , and a green tray cover . It 's perfect for travel . The yellow and orange booster DOES NOT have these extra pieces.I 'm totally irritated that I was led to believe that this was the same booster , simply with a different color scheme.UPDATE
 I was so excited about this high chair . I loved the snap out ` plate ' as a full tray is bulky to wash . After a week of using it full time , my 9-month old discovered that the tray snaps out like her flip/peek-a-boo books . She pulled it back and sent all of her food trying . We 'll continue to use it , but without the tray . The other downside is that the back strap is not long enough to go around our wide dining room chairs . Other than those two items , it works just fine .
 The top tray fastens to the product on the inside towards the baby . If you try to remove tray when baby is in seat it will hit baby in the face when it snaps off ! I tried to remove the tray to clean the surface and was extra careful not to let the tray hit my baby 's face but it did anyway.Also the bottom tray that fastens on the sides does not come off easily . If you encounter a choking situation it is not easy to remove baby from seat quickly . I will be returning product .
 I took the booster seat out of the box & put the strap over my should & the strap broke loose from the base . Looks like the thread used to seal the strap into the base broke free . I had to redo the strap & secure it.Poor quality to have it break 5 mins out of the box .
 My baby has a regular highchair , but I purchased this booster seat to take with me when we go visit Auntie or Grandma . I tried it out at home and followed all the directions and my baby got hurt . She was 16 months old and 22 pounds , so within the weight range for this item , but the chairs at my home are not very heavy . She was done eating and wanted out and she threw her weight forward and it toppled . I felt so terrible that after being so careful my baby got hurt the day we got this thing out of the box . I felt like I should have known that could happen , and also my husband who has secured it to the chair so carefully should have known too . Anyways , this was not in the warnings so I want to warn everyone right now so this does n't happen to anybody else 's child.Please if your child is super active like mine please make sure that the chair you put this on is HEAVY and very SOLID . The chairs at Auntie 's are very solid and after a few panic attacks with her sitting in this highchair over there I finally felt secure that this thing really is okay . We have n't had any problems since only securing this to very solid chairs.Thanks for reading this , I hope this helps you .
 I had the same problem as another reviewer with my 16mo old daughter pushing her feet against the table and tipping back her chair . This incident occurred on the first day of use , so it was not just a fluke among many sittings . Our chairs are solid wood and not flimsy . Fortunately , I was quick enough to catch her . Otherwise , she would have hit the floor backward . I imagine this issue is common to many boosters and not just this one.If you were willing to place the chair on the floor , it would be a nice seat for a younger baby . Unfortunately , the tray is already too tight to fit over our daughter 's legs , despite the fact that she is slim for her age .
 too short and does n't really boost ... if you use it just as a chair with the tray it 's fine , but your table better be tall or else it wo n't push in under the table with this seat attached
 This seat is awesome ... However why ask what color i want if you send the WRONG COLOR ??!! I asked for a certain color for a reason and ended up getting two of the same ! Other than that great to take to day care , out to eat , or use in the kitchen !
 This seat is not comfortable . It 's stiff and provides nowhere for my baby to rest his head . I like the idea that it 's compact but it 's not ideal if you want your baby to sit at the dinner table for 20 minutes or more for family dinner . I ended up buying a regular graco highchair instead . He can lean back his head in it and is so comfortable -- he actually will sit in it and play while I cook .
 This is the second fisher-price product I have bought on amazon that arrived in bad condition . I am so very disappointed because I was getting everything together for my child 's first solid meal and opened up the box to clean it . Once I took off the plastic wrap I could tell right away this was a used product . its scratched up pretty bad and there is dirt in the scratches . At first I thought it was just minor dirt from the factory but then I turned it upside down and the little feet underneath it are filthy and show clear signs of being worn down . I guess when someone uses it and decides to return it , amazon just repackages it and sends it to another unsuspecting person . I would give zero stars if I could
 I recently purchased this seat for my 16 month old . Who is 33 inches tall and 25 pounds . We just needed something for going over to friends and/or family dinners/lunches . My child looked like a giant in this seat . He 's much to big . The tray was on the lower part of his belly -LRB- leaving his bib out in the open to play with -RRB- , and his buns were just about to big to sit in the seat.I guess it 's a nice booster for a smaller child , but if you are looking for something your child can use for a while I would recommend `` The First Years '' booster seat with tray . It works much better for a larger child ...
 The engineer/designer for this product should be given a demotion at their next performance review . What a great way to ensure your company gets a reputation for putting out crappy products . After I installed the gate , I was counting the days the plastic components would start breaking . Sure enough , it took 11 days of light use and the plastic hinge cracked and flew in all directions . Employing plastic hinges for heavy metal gate runs contrary to most manufacturers ' intuition , but not this one . Until they start using better materials , my strict recommendation on this product would be to take a pass . If this on-line rating system allowed a score less than `` 1 '' , I would give it .
 The gate worked well for about 3 months . Soon after we installed the gate , we noticed that the gate began to sag due to its own weight . We were unable to close the gate by swinging it shut . Instead , we had to lift it into the lock mechanism because it was sagging . Even after some adjustments , the gate would continue to sag . Finally , the weight of the metal gate finally got to the plastic hardware and the plastic hardware snapped off the wall -LRB- with metal screws still in the wall -RRB- . Maybe it would have lasted longer if we did not put it in a high traffic area ? Now we are looking for a shorter swinging gate with add on panels that remain stationary , with metal -LRB- rather than plastic -RRB- hardware . Hopefully , the weight of the shorter gate will keep it standing .
 This gate could have been a great product . But for some reason , probably money the manufacturer made a nice STEEL gate with PLASTIC hinges . We counted the days it took for the hinges to break . Well 21/2 weeks later it broke and ruined my wall with holes and a big mark from the fallen gate . The gate then fell on my son . This is a nice-looking gate with shoddy hinges . If only the hinges were metal . This product was not cheap and the manufacturer should have went the extra mile and used the right materials . Instead we have chairs holding the gate up as we wait for new hinges .
 This is the worst gate out there ! I called customer service three times and relayed my difficulty . NOTHING should be this hard . Both of the gates I purchased were malformed . UGH !
 My spouse wanted this gate to block off the kitchen which totaled 71 inches . The gate worked for about two weekS when the plastic hinge broke off -LRB- UNUSABLE AT THIS POINT -RRB- clean . If anyone wants to use this product find a better hinge and mount 2X4 's to the wall , otherwise find another gate .
 The first time this gate came out of the hinges , it landed on one of my twins head . He had a large bruise from his forehead to his jaw . The second time , he had a gash in his upper gums and was bleeding profusely ! There is a serious flaw in the hinges of this gate . After the first time , I contacted their customer service through email . A CS rep emailed me back a few times -LRB- Maddy Stephens -RRB- but when it came to getting replacement hardware the emails stopped . -LRB- By the way , this gate came with the NEW metal hardware they made to replace the `` defective '' plastic ones they used to use ! -RRB- The second time my child was injured , I called . I was on the phone for appr . 10 minutes before the CSR offered an apology . She did , however , offer to send a new gate `` as soon as possible ! '' 6 days later . . I dont have a replacement gate and it just fell on my other twin . Luckily , there was no blood or bruises this time!Please do n't waste your money on this gate . Mine is going in the trash today !
 ... while trying to put in this gate . He 's threatening to castrate the engineer who designed the gate . I have a feeling we will be returning it soon .
 i bought the sure and secure gate and like the others it served its purpose till my son started walking . he would hang on it and try to shut it -LRB- would slam it shut -RRB- then the hinges broke . we called and got new ones and we put metal long screws in it and it broke again . it actually broke off the wall . i am very dissatisified .
 Maybe I did n't understand its operation but I bought this to fit a 64 '' doorway . The way I understood it from the directions was that if you are using all three panels , then you must have room for all three panels to swing open . I bought it for great grandmom 's house and although she lives in a smaller row home she has a large doorway but no room for 65 + inches of a gate to swing open .
 What a piece of junk !!! I thought I was getting this at a great price as compare to other security gates . I guess you get what you pay for ! I wasted almost half my day not to include ruining my walls by drilling and then ended up falling apart . The anchors -LRB- parts -RRB- that they provide are also piece of junk , so soft and flimsy . It looks great it you do n't plan to open often or use in high traffic area , however I tried to install between my family room and kitchen so constant opening is necessary . It is not easy to open ; even my 15 year old ca n't open . You have to lift the gate up with two strong hands to get it open . If you force it to open , the top hinge pops out . What a bad design . I suppose if you have expansion that is shorter than 57 inches and uses only two panels , it might work . However , if your space is between 55 to 60 inches , it looks awkward using three panels and ca n't piece the three properly on top of not being sturdy . Great looking gate good for permanent barrier not for opening .
 FIRST IT TOOK ME 3 HOURS TO ASSEMBLE IT , THEN I REALIZED YOU HAD TO ADJUST IT WITH SCREWS EVERY TIME YOU OPEN AND CLOSE IT . I WILL DEFINATELY BE RETURNING THIS GATE TOMORROW , AND I WOULD NOT BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM THIS BRAND .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I bought the gate , and although I usually do , this was the ONE time , unfortunately , that I just bought it after looking at it at Babies R Us . The gate looked pretty and it was metal , and was the ONLY one that could fit the wide space we had . It took a lot of time and calculation to install , and after looking at the plastic hinges and feeling the enormous weight of the gate , we knew this was n't going to last long . We tried it out anyway , and well , this is the second time we are getting new hinges for the gate . The gate has fallen straight out twice after the thin , flimpsy plastic hinge broke . It really could have been a great product , but the plastic hinges was just pure stupidity on the manufacturer 's part . After calling Summer , the representative told me that if the gate is 3 inches off the ground , the gate should not fall , because the gate would bend to the ground before the hinge would break . I 'm sorry , but I just ca n't see how the gate could bend 3 inches and not break the small plastic piece holding it up . BOTTOM LINE
 A 4 year old girl -LRB- somewhat petit since she is the same size as my 3 year old -RRB- who was visiting our house yesterday pulled on the gate . The gate 's metal FAILED at the spot weld to the metal cap where the bolt screws in . The gate , which was fortunately protecting an area at the bottom of our spiral stairs came down on top of the girl and came out of the wall . This is not the gate you want .
 I bought this gate because it was the only one babie 's r us carried in the store that was 60 inches wide . By the second day the bolts were coming out of the wall . We installed larger bolts which worked fine . But last night , after having the gate up for a month , the plastic hinge broke . So my apt 's walls are ruined and I have a worthless metal stepladder . Do n't waste your money or time on this one .
 We installed this gate 11/2 weeks ago , and as I was opening the gate , the upper panel pulled right out of the wall , with the gate almost falling on my son ! We are using the gate to block off a 60 '' space , between the dining room and the kitchen , so it gets fairly frequent use . We are also using all 3 panels . The gate took much time to install , and even if it HAD N'T pulled out of our wall , I would n't reccommend to anyone . Directions are vague , and photos on box do n't match hardware with product . Will be contacting company and retailer for refund .
 I 'd have to agree with the general opinion here on the forums with this one . I purchased this gate through another retailer about a year ago , and also found that the cheap plastic hardware broke soon after installation.To make matters worse , there is no ability to purchase replacement hardware . If one wants to replace the hardware , the entire gate must be replaced.I 'd have to say avoid this product since Summer has not learned from the mistake of creating plastic mounting hardware AND not making replacements available for purchase .
 I have a very wide space of 66 '' and I thought this gate would be perfect . Boy , was I wrong ! I had a friend install it for me . He is very handy and it took him about an hour . This metal gate is very heavy and some genius over at Summer Infant created plastic hinges for this heavy , metal gate . After 2 weeks of use , the top hinge came out of the wall -LRB- screws , anchors and all -RRB- We had to reinstall the hinge with longer screws and bigger anchors and the gate was never the same . It sagged and a few days later , the top hinge actually cracked in half ! I called Summer Infant . They are out of stock on this hinge because they have had so many calls and complaints and they ran out ! According to Summer Infant , they redesigned a new , sturdy , metal hinge . I ordered a new hinge 2 weeks ago and it is still on back order . Summer Infant claims that I will receive my new hinge the end of next week . We 'll see .
 It took two weeks of lite use for the plastic hinge to crack and let the gate fall and put a huge scatch on my wall . Now it is totally worthless . I will have to go find something else plus patch the holes in the walls from the screws and the scratch . RECOMMEND DO N'T BUY .
 We had this gate for 1 year before it just recently broke . We knew it was n't the best , but there are VERY few gates to cover 70 in . The anchors it came with were plastic , so my husband used anchors rated for over 100 pounds so the weight of the gate would n't pull out of the wall . That was n't what broke . The chinsy little plastic mechanism it swings on is what broke . Also , the gate does not contract within itself when you open it , so it takes alot of space to clear in the room . The closing latch starting sticking several months ago . We put off replacing the gate because there are so few options for that large of a doorway .
 I did not realize so many bad reviews before i bought it . Nice looking METAL GATE -LRB- heavy -RRB- with PLASTIC HINGES ... it last a few days . Now I have to get new hinges ... but not sure where . I usually read reviews , this time I did not and I feel sorry I did n't .
 I just got this gate , after already having installed the Configure gate , and this one was a pretty big pain.It took me about2-3 hours to do it on my own . The first problem was I was installing it on walls with baseboards , so it was difficult getting the templates they give you even off of the floor . That is what took so long for me . Making sure that it was being installed level -LRB- vertically -RRB- and then even with the other side of the wall . But somehow I managed to get it all in , and the latch side is lower than the other , so it is a pain to open . -LRB- I refuse to accept that the error was mine with as much effort as I put into it -RRB- . The other thing I REALLY do n't like is that the part that goes into the bottom and top latches , is a big BOLT ! Yes , and exposed bolt head sticking out of the gate . I have caught my clothes and thighs on it 3 times in 48 hours . So when it is open , I put a blanket over it to make sure I do n't run into them.I mainly purchased this because the options for a 48-50 '' doorway was limited . It does the job , but I would recomend somthing else . If I had n't already put huge holes in my wall to install it , I would take it out immediatly
 I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this gate . We needed a gate to fit a 57 '' opening , and this gate was reasonabley priced and looked okay . Well , no wonder it was reasonably priced , it is total junk . It is so heavy that after having it installed for less than 12 hours it pulled out of the wall . We used anchors and it just ripped right out . It is also very hard to open and close . This gate was horrible , I returned it to the store and got the Configure Gate , and at $ 80 more than the Suree and Secure , it was worth every penny !
 It was a waste of my time and money , it had no power I barely got any milk out .
 I have sensitive nipple skin and found that I can not feed everytime , So the doctor suggested that I pump more often than not . Well my friend bought me this pump before my daughter was even born . I have switched to pumping more and this pump has caused my nipples to hurt and split open far more than natural feeding ! I also now have a clogged duct because my milk is not being completely expressed . Also my daughter is only 16 days old and one of the pumps has already broken . When I went to use it one day , it had barely enough suction to express the milk from my breasts . I called the WIC breastfeeding help line and they also told me that they have had many people have trouble with this pump . Its not worth it in my opinion , but if it works for you , then great !
 I read the reviews and figured for the cost it was worth the risk . Well , it failed after 10 days , the motor just went dead , and I spent almost 2 weeks arguing with the `` geniuses '' from Evenflo about this pump . The 10 days my wife used it , it worked very well , although a little loud . As a precaution , we bought a `` slightly used '' Medela Swing pump on ebay for $ 58.00 and spent an additional $ 13.00 for a new membrane and shield and it works flawlessly , even 2 months later ! We finally managed to get Wal-Mart to let us return it , we had to show it was broken when we opened it . Spend a little extra and get something that will work and last .
 this is the worst product made on earth . what a piece of junk . it starts to break down after 1 and half days . this is a total waste of money . it causes so much frustration and wastes so much time to use this lousy pump . in addition , this is so user-unfriendly . this product should rate below 1 star if there is any such rating . This product is asboutely awful .
 I swear - this is the crime!The worst product in the western hemisphere.Never , never buy this piece of garbage .
 I guess you get what you pay for . Unfortunately , I found out AFTER I purchased this second rate pump that I can pay $ 5 a month and RENT a really nice Medela from my hospital . Why do n't more people know about this option , I ask myself?CONS - * nipple adapters are terrible -LRB- they have a short `` stem '' which makes the edge of the adapter cut into the nipple as the pump works -RRB- - I thought I was doing something wrong when the pump actually cut slits into my nipples -LRB- and this within only 5 minutes of using the thing -RRB- ... guess mine are too big for the opening after all , even though I 've never had problems with other products before - heed the warning on the package and even if you think your nipples are * slightly * larger than normal DO N'T use the nipple adapters - now I have to nurse through the unbelievable pain of cut up boobs becacause I thought my nipples actually fit well . Now I might try it without the adapters to see if I get better results . I paid $ 50 after all . * auto-cycling means two seconds of down time between each `` suck '' as the pump goes from one breast to the other -LRB- it does n't work both at the same time -RRB- - this is not natural because a baby sucks much more quickly than the pump allows , but you are unable to adjust the speed of the suction . * suction is okay at best - I have the knobs all the way to maximum , which would probably suck my nipples off completely if I had it on the same level with a Medela pump . I get less milk letdown as a result.Try renting a pump through your local hospital - they supply all new hoses , adapters , etc. for sanitary purposes .
 Rent a hospital grade Medalia pump . You wont be sorry
 I bought this pump thinking hey saves time . . and it seemed like a good deal . Well , I used it for the first time it seemed pretty easy to put together . However , the batteries do n't work in the pump so I used the adaptor . The directions tell you to set it at min and work your way up ; the suction at min sucks but not in a good way . . it was just the drips of let down , so I turned it up . This thing is possessed and when I moved it a little past the middle it moved itself to max . Even though I broke suction I still had a bruise . If I was able to use zero stars I would . Save your money !
 I should have listened to the comments before purchasing this junk . It only lasted a week . The valve on the second pump -LRB- the one that is not attached to the motor -RRB- would get stuck after a minute and i would have to stop pumping and dry it out . As all you mothers that pump would know , it sucks to interupt the pump when your milk is flowing smoothly . I paid $ 50 for this worthless piece of junk . They should discontinue this product . I had to end up spending $ 250 for the Medela Pump in Style pump . I should have bought that from the start . It is soo much better than this pump . Also the description said it was a quiet pump . NOT ! It was so loud -LRB- sounded like a lawn-mower -RRB- that i would have to pump in another room . I would recommend every one to not purchase any Evenflo products . I have a baby car seat manufactured by them and it was not easy to use at all . The only good products that they do sell are the baby bottles .
 I bought this pump after I had to return the rental to the hospital.Boy was that a mistake.I bought it because I didnt want to spend a lot of money and I didnt know how long I was going to breastfeed for.It 's super loud and super top heavy and the bottles would always fall over and leak milk.I only used this pump for a month before it completly died but before that I would get such a small amount of milk that sometimes I would just dump it out.I now own the Lansinoh double electric and the Avent Isis manual.I couldnt be happier with these two pumps . I use the manual when I 'm feeding just to get the other side and the Lansinoh when I 'm at work or if I miss a feeding.Since I 've been using these two pumps my supply has incresed .
 This pump worked ok for the first 4 months and then it stopped working altogether . I called Target stores they said you have to go through evenflo . I called evenflo and pretty much they told me I had broken it because I did n't wet the horn ?? After talking to a manager I was able to get a new motor but I had to pay the shipping . The new motor does n't work like the first one at all , so I do n't really use it now . This is a faulty pump that if it breaks pretty much evenflo says it is your fault . Sorry I am frustrated and do n't want others to be away from their baby for the night and suffer the pain of a broken pump .
 The product stopped working after a month of use ! What a waste of money . The motor sounded like it was running but there was no suction . I tried everything to get it to work . We went out and bought the medela pump in style and love it . I recommend saving your money for the medela it will make you a lot happier in the long run .
 I have problems with the pump draining into the bottles . It fills up the chamber and I have to break the suction from my breast and let it run for a while in order for it to drain . Sometimes I even have to stop the pump , completely take it apart and break the valve open for it to drain . I wash/sterilize it as directed and I 've tried replacing the valves as well , with the ones provided as extras . I should have saved my $ $ $ for a Medela pump . The pump works , it just gets very frustrating to have to watch the side of the chamber until it fills up , so that I can stop and drain it .
 I really like how it works at first , but the suction has stopped working after 5 days ! I was really disappointed coz I produce 7-8 ounces from both breasts in 10-15 mins session and really needed the pump badly .
 After doing some research , I decided to purchase this pump . I was pleased with it at first , but after only 4 days , the main pump stop suctioning . I ca n't return the product because I already opened it , so this product , although inexpensive , is n't worth it . My advice , save up and get the better pump .
 They were amazing at first , I just loved them , but they stopped working after 2 months . I am really disappointed , because I thought I had found a great product for SO much cheaper than the rest . Would n't recommend it .
 This pump is junk ! I 'm always getting milk on my leg because the milk backs up and the only way to get it to go into the bottle is to tap it hard on the counter . It 's completely ridiculous ! Also , the pump with the `` on/off '' switch sucks harder than the other one , even when I have the other one on maximum . This has resulted in lowering my milk supply which really ticks me off , cause I already had a low supply . I would NEVER recommend this product - save your money !! A manual pump from the hospital is better than this .
 I 've had this pump for about a week , not even using it every day , and already it 's broken . Like some of the other reviewers , I had the these problems :1 -RRB- The milk not going down and getting stuck in the valve , which makes it stop suctioning -LRB- at that point you have to tap it vigorously to get it to go down , if you 're lucky it does , but sometimes it does n't and you have to take it apart and spill milk everywhere -RRB- . This is really annoying because it tends to do this when I have let-down and the milk is finally really going , but the interruption makes it stop . Nothing short of enraging when you have low supply like me .2 -RRB- When it does back up , it sometimes overflows and gets into the tubing , not to mention all over your leg .3 -RRB- The motor -LRB- s -RRB- failed in mid-pump . I 'm not talking gradually cause I overused it or anything . I 've maybe used it 5 times for about 5-10 minutes at a time , and the motor has died on me . Not completely , but it seems like there are two and one of them is gone ; there is barely any power left -LRB- yes , even of max -RRB- and unless I want to watch a single drop form every minute and take 14 hours to pump a couple of ounzes , it 's essentially broken.The other complaint I have is more of a design issue , but I find it annoying enough to mention none-the-less . The bottles , when attached to the cone-thingy , are so top heavy that you have to be really careful after you pump because one sneeze and they tip over , spilling the contents of your labor .
 This was the second pump I purchased . I was hoping that it would turn out better than the first brand I bought . This pump is a pain in the neck to put together and the pump that is not hooked to the AC plug in is much weaker than the other side . The motor died out after 2 weeks of use . This pump is not meant for everyday use . I just bought a Medala and I hope to have a better expeirence with it .
 That would be one of my problems with this pump . It hurt , it took forever , I did not have a good expereince with this pump .
 I wish I would have read the reviews on this before I bought the pump . This is a bad breast pump . I could n't get anything out of my breasts with this except for sore nipples . It has very poor suction , is a pain to put together , and is uncomfortable to use . -LSB- ... -RSB- So do n't waste your time and money buy something different . If I could have rated this a negative I would have !
 This is the worst pump you could buy . I have gone through 3 of them because the motor breaks down . It also has put me behind in what my daughter is drinking while I am at work . PLEASE do n't waste your money ... . I also spoke with hospitals and they mentioned that they have many many complaints about this product . If you do n't believe the bad reviews call the hospital and they will tell you the same thing . I recently got a new pump from a friend and found that the evenflow is by far the LOUDEST pump on the planet -- there is no descreet pumping for you if you own this product .
 This pump never worked , not once . I pumped for 6hours - and I am not overestimating - and got less than 2oz ! Thought at the time maybe it was just me not producing but after trying to use it this time and getting nada , I realize it 's the pump . I was told by many many nurses that they do not recommend this pump and this is exactly the reason . Now I 've wasted the money on this one and I 'm gon na have to spend more to rent or buy a better one . Thanks alot , Evenflo !
 This pump was cheap but did not last . Customer service was horrible . This pump decreased my milk . It was loud , uncomfortable and poor or no suction . I contacted customer service they sent out a new pump . I still had the same issues with a brand new pump . Of course they were not aware of any issues . The problems started after only 4 weeks . I purchased a Medela pump it was the best investment . If you are unable to purchase Medela pump . Rent one from your local hospital it will make a great difference in nursing and you milk production . Medela all the way .
 I registered for this and got it as a gift . A couple days after I was home from the hospital , I went to go pump.The pumping suction is terrible . It 's a joke . It took me four hours of squeezing and pushing , along with pumping to get one single ounce.I thought I was drying up , I rented a hospital grade one , and learned the latter . The Evenflo pump just sucked . -LRB- or did n't suck ! -RRB- I called evenflo . They have a 90 day warranty , so I was able to get a $ 50 voucher . But had trouble finding something that I wanted from that company , but I am pleased with how they handled.RENT A GOOD ONE . DO N'T BUY THIS ONE .
 I registered for this pump . It worked great for about 2 weeks , then the suction just stopped . I called customer service and they sent a new one out right away , but other things began to fail . The milk backs up in the valves and I have to bang the unit on the sink to get the milk to fall through to the bottle . If you do n't , the milk backs up into the unit and leaks out where the a/c adapter connects , potentially causing other seious problems . Please do not buy this pump !
 The old saying `` you get what you pay for '' really applies to this pump . It was painful to use and did n't express adequate milk . If you only want a pump to use now and then and do n't want to spend the money on a Medela , this one will work just fine . But , if you need a pump for regular everyday use , this one is not a good choice .
 The pump worked great at first . Dealing with all the small parts and the milk backup was n't really a hassle until the burnt the motor out . Then I had to purchase a new pump . Then that one burnt out within 3 weeks . Now on my third one I wish I had saved some money instead . Now this one works at a snails pace . And the warranty only covers the pump for 90 days . This pump will make you feel like giving up so please save your money and purchase a Medela .
 - i bought this pump expecting it to be easy to use and portable for when i go away and am unable to breastfeed my daughter . not only was this pump uncomfortable to use but it broke already . the motor makes a horrible sound and its hard to get a good suction because you have to get the parts on just right or it does n't work . This is very painstaking and annoying . because the part that broke is n't covered under the warrenty , even though its only been less then 3 weeks , i 'm out fifty dollars , which i could have used to purchase a better pump that may have cost a little more . in this instance you definately get what you pay for ... junk .
 My doctor prescribed medication that would not allow me to nurse while taking them , so I needed to express to keep my milk supply up . I was hesitant to purchase this pump based on other reviews , but I was despearate and had little choice at the time I could not afford the Medela . It is THE BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY , and because it is a & quot ; personal hygiene item & quot ; , I can not return it . It is LOUD -LRB- to me it always sounded like the motor was about to die -RRB- , the milk gets backed up in the chambers , so you have to stop and break the suction to allow it to drain , the milk also gets sucked under the breast shields . It takes a really long time to express and my breasts were never emptied , they were always just as engorged and painful as before I started pumping . I did n't really mind washing and keeping track of all the little parts -LRB- alot more than the medela -RRB- . I was able to get a Medela , I packed the Evenflo away and have never looked back . Perhaps it would be okay for light/ocassional pumping . But in my opinion it 's a piece of junk !!!!!!
 I should have read the reviews here more thoroughly . This gate suffers from a very poor design which borders on being unsafe . The gate works OK as long as it is aligned PERFECTLY - but look at the thing wrong and its knocked out of alignment and then wo n't shut right . The top section when tightened completely does not allow the door to open at all -LRB- even by adults -RRB- , so you have to loosen it to allow the door to open - and when you get to the point the door is loose enough to open it is also loose enough to be shoved over.The door is supposed to be self-closing , but again only if it is aligned PERFECTLY - and since this door slams shut and is messed with by kids all the time this is never the case.The only real `` lock '' is at the bottom of the gate - the top is simply held shut by a tiny piece of plastic that actually does n't seem to do anything.I would return this thing except it is opened and setup and we do n't have the box anymore.The positive reviews here all seem to be by dog owners . If you have kids that you care about , stay away from this thing .
 We bought this gate to separate our kitchen and living room for a dog and a baby/toddler . The space is 42 inches , so we needed an extra wide gate . This gate seemed flimsy ; the metal did not seem sturdy , and we were concerned the pressure mount would not hold well if our older children tried to climb over it or pushed on it too hard . The latch was also very sensitive . If the gate was mounted too tight it was difficult to open , but if it was too loose the gate could be almost pushed open without much effort . We returned this one and we 're still searching for one that works for us .
 Let me start off by saying that I purchased this gate for my cat !! -LRB- thats another story -RRB- One of the first problems I noticed right away was that the tension bolts for the bottom are ` at the very bottom ' . Why is this a problem for most people ? Most people have wood trim where the floor meets the wall making it not a ` flat surface ' for the tension bolts to ` tension ' . Next problem was noticed once I started doing measurements . The gate comes with 2 extensions -LRB- 5 '' & 10 '' -RRB- , the 5 '' is too small and the 10 '' is not big enough and using both of them is too much !! Now maybe the width of my doorway is a odd one , but the gate says it fits 28 '' to 47.5 '' . DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOUR DOORWAY IS 43 '' WIDE ! I returned mine and could tell that the one we bought was returned before us ! This should be more of a $ 20.99 gate !
 The extra tall gate was perfect height for my 2 yr old who is 36 '' . She broke it within a months time , by banging and pulling on it . The latch could not withstand her strength . I also did n't find it secured well enough since it does not have the capacity to be bolted into the wall . At the time it cost us $ 70 , and I was unable to contact anyone from the company for a replacement or refund . -LRB- We had thrown away the box ! -RRB-
 The gate itself is a good product . Buyer 's need to know that the manufacturer 's box prints that the gate will fit up to 47.5 '' . The website that I purchased this item , Babies ` R ' Us , states that it will fit up to 48 '' . This is not the case , and we have had to creatively fill the gap to make this gate securely fit our opening of 48 '' exact . Just be aware of the true measurement as the stores who sell this product are not always accurate .
 We purchased this gate to replace the First Years Hands-Free Gate when the foot pedal broke after 1.5 years of heavy use , however , we quickly returned it and got another hands-free gate .1 -RRB- The weight of the bars on the extra-tall felt flimsy when compared to the hands-free . It just did n't feel sturdy . My son would pull on it in an attempt to enter the kitchen and you can see the bars give a little .2 -RRB- The self-closing feature sounds like a good idea , but it slams shut making a really loud noise and if you 're trying to direct your child out of the room , you have to make sure you hold it open for them and it does n't slam in their face when they decide to change directions .3 -RRB- The latch on the gate we got was very sticky . It took two hands and quite some force before it would open . Upon investigation , we think the self-closing mechanism at the bottom of the gate caused this problem because it would n't let you lift it high enough to unlatch smoothly . It seemed as if it was in the way and prevented the gate from lifting . This was a problem since we used our gate between the kitchen and the living room so if we needed to rush in between either room , it was very frustrating trying to get the gate open .4 -RRB- This gate did come with extensions so that is a deal if you need them to fit your doorway.In the end issues # 2 and 3 was enough trouble to make us go back and buy the hands-free gate again .
 The top hinge broke after 60 days of use . Hinges should not be made of plastic . The company has a 12 month warranty if the gate is `` defective in workmanship or materials '' . You will need your receipt and will have to pay shipping to mail the gate to the company .
 We purchased this at another store , but I wanted to make sure people knew the issues surrounding this gate . We did a hard install on the bottom step of the stairs . Initially this gate seemed perfect and easy for me to use . I wanted Mini-Me to be able to open this without issue and after a few minutes of showing her and practice she mastered it.Less than two weeks later we were having issues . The gate secures at the bottom and top - and the top clasp does not secure itself even when you try to help it . I wish I had n't purchased this gate .
 all metal gate but has plastic latching pieces that broke on one of our gates within 1 month , still latches but its just easy for kids to open now . has auto close but after several times of walking through it it will stsy open a couple inches . if you open up as far as it will open snd let it close it will just bounce back without latching . its loud when used ... since its metal . it is solid when installed correctly ... have to have everything aligned just right . I dont own any other brand of gate so I cant compare it . this gate works great to keep our toy poodles out of certain areas of the house also.Update ... . I have owned 2 of these gates for 2 months now and a plastic hinge on top of the gate broke on one of them so I have had to duct tape it so the door of the gate does n't fall off of the frame . It also does n't close correctly now because it has a bit of a hang to it due to the break causing a misalignment . I highly suggest a different brand and a lower priced one at that . These gates are to expensive and a metal gate that has plastic hinges and latches makes no sense ... should have all metal parts .
 So poorly made . The hinge on this gate snapped off within 10 minutes of our toddler touching it . do n't bother buying this !
 It does a great job of trapping my 3 - 6 year olds because they are afraid of breaking it , but my 20 month old just gives it a few good jerks and it opens right up for him . Had less than a week and am now looking for a gate that actually works for a toddler .
 After trying out the hugely-recommendedThe First Years Hands Free Gateand discovering that it REALLY does n't fit anything less than 29 '' -LRB- I was shy by 1/4 '' -RRB- , I tried out this gate - it had everything included at a good price , it looked nice , and it was 1 '' narrower than they gate I had previously tried.Unfortunately , I was shocked by how poor the locking mechanism on this gate is . I might use it for a pet that does n't challenge barriers , but my one year old -LRB- birthday yesterday -RRB- got it open in under a minute by the oh-so-intellectual process of shaking back and forth on the gate -LRB- her favorite gate activity -RRB- . You see , the tightness of the upper tensioners tremendously affects the upper locking mechanism . Too-tight and mom and dad ca n't open it . Loose enough for you to get open is also loose enough for the kids to open . Also , when you do get it loose enough to open , I found that it was n't as firm in the door opening as I would like -LRB- the kids leaning and pushing on it could tilt it over -RRB- . The reason that this happens is that the litle lever/button you pull back does n't actually retract the locking mechanism . It retracts a wimpy little secondary piece of plastic that is beveled on both sides . The tiny piece of plastic that actually locks the upper portion of the gate when closed is just a spring loaded piece of plastic smaller than a pencil . This piece does n't retract when the lever/button is pulled . In fact , it is n't even on the opening gate side , but protrudes from the `` wall '' side of the gate . As an example , I experimented and taped back the plastic piece that retracts with the button and the door still locked fine at several tensioner levels . Taping back the plastic piece that does n't retract prevented the upper latch from ever locking.You may think the bottom latch would be enough , but it is simply a small knob held only by gravity into a small opening in the base of the gate . Especially given the height of the gate it is easy for kids to get more than enough leverage to torque the gate opening and lift the knob out of the small opening.If you decide to test out just how bad this gate is yourself , get a parent on either side of the the gate to catch your child when they shove through . With the gate pushing back on the child while they shake the gate , they can get a bit spring-loaded and when it opens , they are so off-balance that they rocket through the gate .
 We bought this extra tall gate for the doorway to our daughters bedroom . We have two major problems with this : -LRB- A -RRB- . If we tighten the sides enough then the gate wo n't close smoothly and if we loosen the sides enough that the gate closes smoothly then she can easily knock it down . -LRB- B -RRB- . My daughter learned right away that if she pushes in the latch with her finger it will get stuck and my wife wo n't be able to close the gate until I get home , take it apart and release the latch .
 The only positive about this gate for us was the height . Other than that , a piece of junk . Luckily we bought it at the big box baby store so it was easy to return - the plastic hinges broke in under 3 weeks , BOTH the top and bottom pieces cracked and a little piece even fell off . Now , this was 3 weeks of being used all the time - we had this in the doorway to our kitchen , and with 1 year old twins we go in and out of there about a million times a day . But I seriously expected it to last longer than that ! We did n't even exchange it when it broke , just returned it and got an entirely different gate , which we love.Even before it broke we did n't like it , but tolerated it because it was so difficult to set up I did n't want to deal with putting up a new one . The auto close mechanism kind of worked , as long as it was adjusted perfectly , but every time it closed -LRB- with a very loud bang -RRB- it would push it a bit and by the end of every day it was misaligned and either swung through the opening and did n't close at all , or it was too tight and bounced off itself , still not closing . It was dangerous because it LOOKED closed , but it was n't latched , so we ended up having to pull it closed after us every time . To be fair , as long as we pulled it closed behind us every time , it did keep our twins out of the kitchen , even when they shook it -LRB- they did n't figure out that you have to lift it to open it -RRB- . I 'm glad it broke because the gate I ended up getting , the North States Supergate Easy Close Metal Gate , is awesome . It is much shorter -LRB- they do make a tall version -RRB- but it did n't bother us . The mechanism on this gate seemed to be the same , but for some reason it worked so much better , was not loud , auto closes every time , and also has features to keep it open and to lock it if you want . Also , only $ 40 :-RRB- If you do n't need a tall gate , get the north states one !
 As several other reviewers have mentioned , there are certain sized openings that this gate will not fit without becoming dangerously loose . The mounting mechanism for this gate is very poor , resulting in a wobbly gate
 This gate is impossible to install !! My husband installed it and the bottom would not auto latch . You would manually have to put the pin the the hole every time . So he uninstalled and reinstalled it . Five hours later , he is still trying to get it to work . Now it is bowing at the extension !! We are taking this back . Impossible to install !
 Been using this Gate for a very short time and the plastic hinge is already broken , not happy with it at all !!!!
 As others have said , the locking mechanism is totally defective , it just opens if you bump on the hinge . Also , the plastic hinges on these door are very fragile , they will break within few months . I went through two doors already , first time it broke within the 30 days of purchase . The replacement door 's hinge broke three months later.Don ' t waste your money , spend $ 20 more for a door that will actually work .
 we got one of these gate to keep our 14 month old away from the stairs . the construction of the gate is bad enough and my husband had to cut it to make it fit . but the worst part about it is that when closed properly , it pops right open with a bit of pulling ! horribly unsafe !!! do NOT buy this gate !!!!!!
 I completely agree with `` Returned it in favor of Hands Free Gate '' by Brian . What he said was so true , I would like to add that it makes a loud squeaking noise when ever you open or close it . We can hear it through out the entire house ! Also my son , who was 13 months at the time , he was able to shake it - and it completely fell down ! Thank goodness that he did not get hurt ! It is nice that it is tall but to me , that is the only good thing about it !
 Our 20 month old can get through it with no problem what so ever . Called Summer Infant and they told me `` our gates can not be installed onto molding or baseboard '' . But guess what ? On the box is pictured the gate installed over baseboard ! When I confronted the rep about this fact , she said she would email me . This is a very UNSAFE product ! We will be taking further action . There are several reports about this product being unsafe and Summer Infant knows it ! This gate is going to get a baby injured or killed !!! Does not latch safely ! DO NOT BUY !!! I wish I had know this before we bought it ! We have reported it to the CPSC . There is only 1 published report , but we were told that `` several are under review '' ! DO NOT BUY !!!
 I bought two of these a while back to corral my kids into the back half of the house . These gates were easy to install even though all of the four contact points have to be in alignment for them to work properly . And this gate looks fairly nice-much better than the ones appearing to be a glorified pet gate , or those made out of plastic.There are a few things that really turn me off to this gate though . First among them is the latch . There is a tab at the top that is actuated by your thumb so that you can raise the door to open it . There is also a spring loaded `` button '' that holds the door shut when it is not raised . The problem is that their lengths are n't properly engineered . Because of this , it 's difficult to operate the door . If you do n't mount the door snugly enough , the top latch is loose enough that your child will be able to raise the door up and open it on their own . But if you mount it so that there 's enough pressure to keep this latch closed , the spring loaded pin sticks out too far to easily clear the other piece-even when you lift it up , making it hard to open.The second thing I do n't like is that on BOTH of my gates , the spring closed function failed after a period of time . So now , the gates do n't self close . Worse yet is the fact that when that function broke , both gates had a small piece fall out of the bottom . This piece looks like a paperclip that has been broken in two pieces . Said part could easily be ingested by a kid if you did n't realize it had fallen out.Knowing what I know now , if I had to do it over again I 'd buy a different product .
 The product was delivered promptly . The package did not contain the hardware packet identified on the inventory list . Therefore , the gate could not be assembled and had to be returned .
 I purchased this gate locally to install at the bottom of my main floor staircase . -LRB- My 19-month-old likes to climb at least halfway up and then tumble back down ! -RRB- First problem
 I purchased this gate becasue of the self closing feature as well as the height . I have had the gate just over 1 month and it is n't closing properly . First , the bottom catch began not catching - so I had to push the bottom closed to secure it and AVOID my daughters head getting stuck between the bars . I uninstalled it , reinstalled it but nothing worked . This morning my 17 month old actually was able to push it open ! -LRB- I had locked it and checked to be sure both top and bottom locks were locked and they were but she still pushed it open ! -RRB- Its a good thing the top opened or my daughter 's head would have been stuck in the gate !! I do not feel safe with this gate ... I have three other kidco gates in my home of which one is 7years old and never had any problems with them!I would recommend a kidco gate for every home . If I could give this gate a NEGAtive star i WOULD !
 My daughter has had this gate between the kitchen and living room for about three years . During that time , it has worked more or less well , but has deteriorated with time . The latch has weakened and the self-closer stopped working long ago . Also , ditto to the other reviews talking about the noise closing the gate . Normally , I would chalk that up to the general cheap-crap environment of today 's manufacturing , that is , crank it out for the least cost and most profit for a throw-away world , except for one thing . Recently , the kids -LRB- 3 + 1.5 -RRB- pushed on the gate and broke out one of the vertical bars . Then my daughter hit the gate with her knee walking through and broke out yet another bar . Upon examination it was obvious that the welds , little that they are , were barely joining the bars to the frame . Since this is advertised as safe for stairs , the consequences could be dire . I contacted the company and their response was `` Too bad , it 's out of warranty -LRB- 1 year -RRB- but we will replace it for a discounted price of $ 40 and we will let quality control know . '' Yes , I know , she is probably asking too much to expect a product to last , but we have a wood gate that LOCKS firmly into the latch , is mounted to the wall -LRB- Get over the pressure mount and mount the gate to the wall , your kid is worth more than a little Spackle -RRB- and looks and works like new 15 years and 6 grandkids later ! -RRB- Before , I would probably have given a 3 or maybe 4 star rating , but after the bars started breaking out ... zero .
 The price of this gate is affordable , but the quality is not very good . After just 3 weeks of using this gate the latch almost broke off from tugging upward -LRB- which is necessary to open the gate -RRB- . it takes a lot of effort to try to open the gate with one hand , so I have to use both hands which still takes quite a bit of effort ... Which would probably be good if you have an older child and you do n't want them to get through . But it 's hard for me because I 'm usually carrying my baby while I 'm trying to do it.Also , the gate is wobbly and you have to use screws to screw in the ends and we ca n't make holes in the walls here.When the gate arrived one of the bars were bent the opposite direction that they should be.If I were you I would get something less flimsy ...
 I 've had my gate at the top of the stairs for a year and a half or so and the safety latch that prevents the door from swinging both ways just snapped off . I thought this would be an easy piece to replace as it only has two screws on it to remove in order to take it off and could be easily switched out ; however , summer infant does not sell a replacement part for this item . They want you to buy the whole gate in order to replace a small piece of plastic . Unfortunately , I tried a few other gates at the top of my stairs and this was the only one that fit . Please keep this in mind before purchasing this gate .
 This gate just does not do it for us . It needs constant tweaking to ensure that both the bottom and top locking apparatus are capable of being engaged . You ca n't just swing it shut to lock either . It is a very frustrating gate and we will be replacing it shortly . We do , however , like the wall caps that it came with to put the pressure mounted rubber stops in , we feel it adds security that our big little boy ca n't just fall into it and knock it down . I wish they sold these separately but they do n't unless you buy a twenty dollar parts replacement kit ...
 I do not understand why people like this gate . I found it incredibly hard to install because everything had to be just right to enable it to auto close . I had to use two different levels and even with that it broke after about one week and failed to auto close . Even when it did work however I found it to be rather loud and cumbersome . Plus , there is too large of a gap between this gate and the wall and before you say use the extensions , I did use the maximum amount of extensions I could fit but my baby can fit her head though the gap ! overall with all the problems I 'd say this is the worst gate ever .
 I set this gate up at the bottom of the stairs in my house , but from the start , it did n't feel very sturdy . The metal parts are nice , but the locking mechanism is mostly plastic , and made very poorly . I have needed to tighten the gate at least once each day during the four days it has been installed . If it is a little loose , it pops open with a little shaking , which my 18 month old has already done . We are shopping for a new gate .
 We bought this gate and used it for about 4 months ; my son was an early walker with a fascination for our stairs . After 4 months of use needless to say it 's now sitting out in our garage . Main complaints -1 . Gate hinge is REALLY noisy , which is okay I guess because you could always tell when someone was using it - LOL ! Not so good when you have a sleeping infant & you 're trying to sneak out of the room .2 . The ` auto close ' wore out after a month so you had to constantly make sure it was secure .3 . The latch is the hokey-ist thing I have ever seen ! My 13mo old figured it out in .2 seconds , seriously a slide tab ? There are toddler toys with better latches!So we 're off to shop for yet another baby gate , another $ 60-80 down the drain !
 At one time , we were using both a Hands Free gate -LRB- upstairs -RRB- and this prouct -LRB- downstairs -RRB- . Both door openings were equally wide . Both products were equally easy to install . We ended up returning this one , and buying a second Hands Free . Here 's the comparison : Extra Tall Gate :1 -RRB- Comes with extensions -LRB- built into price -RRB- . Do n't be fooled by any of these products - you will ALWAYS need at least one extension .2 -RRB- Self-closing , BUT it is very easy to get the gate out of alignment . When this happens , it wo n't always self-close in one direction .3 -RRB- Although latch is very simple , it DOES require one hand to open it . Picture yourself carrying a 20 lb child in one arm , and a jug of formula in the opther , and consider how you will open the gate .4 -RRB- Because these gates use compression -LRB- instead of drilling into walls -RRB- they have a bar across the bottom . The bar on this gate is thicker , and more of a tripping hazard . Hands-free has a ramp .5 -RRB- The gate misaligns EASILY , even when securely pressed between walls or door openings . This is because when it swings shut , it usually slams . Enough of this and it always knocks the assembly out of alignment . By ` alignment ' I mean all four pads that contact the wall must be in a perfect plane . Misalignment means one of the pads -LRB- usually the top ones -RRB- slipped .6 -RRB- When the gate slams shut , it makes noise . Therefore , you always need to close it gently -- or worse , sometimes leave it ` closed , but not latched ' -- so as to not wake sleeping babies . The danger in this is that other people may think the gate is latched and safe . Mom might have left it unlatched to not wake the baby ; dad later thinks it 's closed and locked because it 's self-closing ... Not good .7 -RRB- Yeah , it 's tall ... Extra-tall even ... In fact , it 's about 4 '' taller than most gates . Are they implying that most gates are unsafe since they are shorter?Hands - free1 -RRB- You will NEED to buy at least one extension . No one in America has doors narrow enough to fit the gate alone ... A gate + 1 extension equals the price of the Tall Gate .2 -RRB- NOT self-closing . This might sound bad , but if the parents leave the gate wide open when the kids are sleeping , it is obvious to all that it is open .3 -RRB- Bar at bottom has an anti-tripping ramp .4 -RRB- Truly hands-free ! I can carry my twins - opening is extremely simple with your foot .5 -RRB- These just do n't seem to ever get out of alignment . Remember , the gate is never slamming shut , so there is no force to misalign it.The Hands-Free gate just has too many things going for it . Check out the super long list of 5-star reviews . The only 1-star reviews complain about a poorly designed foot pedal for the latch . The models that are being sold now have fixed that problem.While there is nothing truly wrong with this gate -LRB- assuming no one leaves it unlocked -RRB- , the Hands-free is simply much better .
 I 've got 4 children and have used a few different gates in my time . We had one from our second child that we loved for our entrance into the kitchen but it finally broke and our fourth is still into everything so a gate was a must . I saw this and thought , `` Wow , it does everything I need ! '' . It 's true , it 's taller than most -LRB- my # 4 is a climber and has come very close to climbing over standard gates -RRB- , pressure mounted -LRB- we are putting this between a metal covered corner and thin paneling under a breakfast bar -RRB- , and one handed operation while swinging both ways . Sounded perfect for us.Then reality settled in . It took less than 1hr for my 20mo old to figure out how to open it . Yep , that 's right . 20mo old , through it in under an hour . The latch just is n't designed to stop a determined child . It 's 1/8 '' -LRB- maybe smaller -RRB- tongue that slides back with a thumb plate . He yanked on it and popped it out . Then he figured out how to pull it up and into the kitchen he went . Hmmm ... maybe we did n't have it tight enough ? We tightened it to the point where the auto-latch thing did n't work and we could barely latch it ourselves and still he got through . No matter how tight or how loose we made it , he could open it . We 've had it a week and it 's going back to the store to try something else.For the record , no , my # 4 is NOT a huge tank . He is tall -LRB- hence the reason I liked the extra-tall gate -RRB- but he is only 30 % in weight . If he could do it , so could just about any child that put their mind to it . I shudder to think of these at the top of stairs.I did call customer service and was told no refund through them but I could trade for a different one . All the ones that would work in that area had the same latch . No thanks !
 I thought this gate would be perfect for us . Unfortunately , I was completely wrong . The cup mounts -LRB- so that it could be screwed into the wall -RRB- were not included . It ca n't be used in a doorway that has moulding along the bottom . It is extremely difficult to install correctly , and equally difficult to open and close when it is correctly installed . I certainly ca n't open it one handed , and would n't recommend it to anyone with kids of varying ages . It might be fine if you have a dog , as long as it is n't a big heavy dog that likes to jump up . It might also work if you need it in a low traffic location . However , for us , it was a complete bust ! Thumbs down !
 The locking feature is a bad design that if pulled hard enough -LRB- by my two year old -RRB- it will just come undone . I feel that I totally wasted my money , but to return it would have cost the same as what I paid .
 I just watched this thing fall down our stairs for the 10th time , and it tried to take my wife with it . In the mounted position , the gate is so wobbly that even the slightest touch by our daughter will cause the side bolts holding in place to cave in and fall down the steps , rendering the gate useless . The latch mechanism also stopped working after just a few days . I admit that the opening we have is an unusual size -LRB- slightly wider than a standard door opening , but not big enough for the extension provided -RRB- , but clearly falls within the advertised range . Unless you are using this with a standard door opening or one with the precise dimension of the extension , not recommended .
 First , when using the template - the gate did not align correctly . Secondly , went expanded , my three year old was standing on the gate , and the plastic pieces on one side completely cracked - the screws were still in place!This is not the best gate if you have kids that will stand on it .
 Manufacturer information states this gate can be `` pressure or hardware mounted '' . Well , the gate comes as pressure mounted . There is a notice in the package informing purchaser that to hardware mount you must purchase the hardware separately at their site . Also , the supposed hardware is only an edged circle that gets screwed into wall and then the pressure mounted circle gets pressure mounted into that . I thought I was purchasing a gate that could not be removed but that is not the case with this gate . If that 's what you want , purchase a different gate . I 'm returning mine .
 This was a nice gate but when I recieved it , it was rusty . So I called Amazon and they reimburst me .
 I 'm going mad trying to find out how tall this gate actually is ! Why would a company advertise a product as extra tall and NEVER -LRB- unless I 've already lost it -RRB- tell a consumer the actual height ? I 've looked at a dozen websites , as well as The First Year 's own website . Nothing . Zip . Ziltch . No mention of the height . I 'm also surprised to see no reviewers happened to mention the height.Can anyone help me out ?
 We purchased this product for the top of the stairs in our home . At this time , we are still in the process of installing this piece of garbage . So far , we have had problems opening up the battery compartment door , because the screw was stripped . While that was frustrating , it is nothing compared with the fact that 2 - yes , that 's right , TWO - of the screws used for the mounting hardware have broken off . Now , we have TWO broken off screws in our newel posts and no way to get them out . I have to believe that this is NOT how the manufacturer intended this gate to work . Now I have an inferior gate that will not be installed properly and my daughter may or may not be safe from spills down the stairs . Additionally , when it is time to remove the gate we will have TWO broken off screws sticking out . That 's nice and safe , now is n't it ? I can already imagine the lovely cuts and scrapes that my daughter , future children , and their friends will enjoy thanks to the shoddy manufacturing by Summer Infant . Please , please , PLEASE do not purchase this product .
 I purchased two of these gates and one had the lower locking pin broken right out of the box . I contacted Summer customer service and they told me to return it to where I purchased it ot another dealer who sells thier products . I did return it a vet another gate.after 20 days the locking pin on the other gate broke also . I no longer have the boxes they came in and to have the item repaired will require the entire gate being replaced as the locking assembly is installed with rivets . I have to pay shipping back to Summer for the warrenty to be used.This is poor customer support as I must pay additional out of pocket for thier poor design .
 This gate WAS great for about a month and then both of our gates completely broke . The joints that held the door together completely cracked . There was no trauma to the gate , just normal everyday use . I can not believe that this happened in only a few months . The scariest part is when it completely popped off when my daughter was holding onto the door . Thank God she wasnt standing at the gate on TOP of the stairs .
 I have a wide entry into my kitchen so it 's difficult to find a walk-through gate to fit . I bought this one in 2009 and it lasted 3 years . It broke slowly . First , it would n't self-close and then the plastic around the hinge cracked . In August , 2012 , I bought the same gate because I could use the old mounts on the wall , because I 'm so limited on my selection and because 3 years of heavy use seemed okay . I think they have since cheapened the product . The self-closing feature broke within the month , one of the parts to help it stay closed broke within 3 months so any toddler can pop it open and , after , 6 months , the plastic around the top hinge cracked causing the door to fall away at the top . -LRB- I duct taped it for now . -RRB- I plan on contacting the manufacturer but I am torn . Even if they replaced my gate , I do n't think it will be any better than this one . Very disappointed !
 This gate worked for about a week . And then the latch started to loosen up . Now it never looks . Threw it out after about 2 months .
 I thought this one seemed like a great idea - it 's tall , self-closing , not plastic . But the self-closing thing , as it turns out , is more trouble than it 's worth.Annoying
 This gate is difficult for one person to install . And no matter what I do . I ca n't get it to close automatically . Not a problem for me - I have gotten into the habit of latching it when I go through it , but my wife ca n't seem to develop the habit , and so , it is left open half the time . We use it to keep our dog in one room , so it 's not a safety issue . But whenever my wife goes out of the room , the dog gets out because she leaves it open . On the plus side , it opens in both directions . I just wish I could find a gate that really closes automatically AND opens in both directions .
 We bought this gate at Lowe 's because it was the only walk-through gate they had . We just bought a new house and needed an extra gate . It is not self-closing , as it claims . When my huband first installed it , it would not self-close at the top or the bottom . When it swings to close , the bottom part of the gate hits the bar and bounces back . My husband fiddled with it , and now the top part will close on its own , but the problem with the bottom latch remains . It has to be pulled closed . I gave it two stars because it does seem to be secure once you manually close it . My 20-month old daughter has shaken it , and it has not come loose . We have n't had any problems with it being hard to open for us , as some have , or with our daughter being able to open it because it 's too loose . I recommend the North States self-closing gate . It is more expensive , but it is a much better product . You may have to buy additional extensions to get it to fit your opening , though .
 I bought this gate for my medium sized dog with a propensity to jump over all the lower gates . It worked great for awhile , but as my dog would jump and put his paws on the gate , it would move . I had to tighten the gate every other day just so it would n't fall down -LRB- which it would sometimes when I did n't -RRB- . If it was n't just right , it would n't close by itself , which meant my dog would get through . Also after awhile of it moving bit by bit , it put small holes in both sides of the wall . After awhile one of the sodered points just broke . I fixed it with mighty putty for awhile , but eventually it went into the trash . Not worth the money it cost . Would never consider it safe for the top of the stairs . Would n't even use it around my baby boy now that we 're babyproofing .
 The gate does not swing back , does not close by itself and only the bottom lock works
 This gate fell several times . I ended up sending this gate back after it hurt my daughter 's foot . The Evenflo SimpleStep , although an unattractive taupe color , is less expensive and of much better quality .
 The product was too complicated for me , I guess I am not that smart , but it is difficult to align correctly and the latch does n't work great . I would not buy this product again .
 Sorry , but this gate is not fully adjustable , and it is not easy to install . If you can deal with the frustrating locking/unlocking mechanism , then it might be OK - but only if your space is slightly larger than the size of the gate or the gate + extension . This gate bridges the gaps with the metal gate/extension part , but reaches the walls with tension bolts . Unfortunately , the further you have to unscrew the tension bolts , the harder it is to install . So if your opening is slightly more than 28 '' , 33 '' , 38 '' or 43 '' -LRB- the size of the gate + various extension pieces -RRB- , you may be in luck . But if , like me , you have openings that are 37.5 '' and 42.5 '' , these things will not work at all ; by the time you have the gate square and ready to lock , the tension bolts will reach their ends and pop out of the gate.However , even using it just for fun in a 34 '' opening , I could n't get the gate to latch or unlatch properly . The instructions say that if it is hard to open , then you have tightened the tension knobs too tightly . But if you do n't tighten them that tightly , the gate just swings open at a feather 's touch - not very safe or useful as a gate . In my frustrated-beyond-belief opinion , this product is worthless .
 Bought this for my 2 year old daughter when she started showing interest in using the potty . I echo other 's complaints that it is not good for elongated toilet seats & slides back when my daughter tries to sit down . However , my daughter 's biggest complaint is that it is uncomfortable and cuts into the backs of her legs . The pee guard is not removable so if she sits on the potty with her pants around her ankles the pee guard cuts into her legs . If she sits on the potty seat without pants on -LRB- and thus can spread her legs wider -RRB- the padding compresses and the plastic ring of the potty cuts into her legs.The Elmo print is cute and my daughter loves Elmo but the design flaws have left me in search of a new seat that she likes more .
 I used my Pampers points to order this Diego Soft Potty seat for my 17 month old son who is beginning potty training . He does well with the BabyBjorn chair we have , but I wanted another for our other bathroom and figured I 'd go with this type of style . It slides around some on our elongated toilet seat , but it 's ok . I do n't think it will slide enough to ever fall in . My MAJOR problem is that the pee deflector sheild is not high enough . As soon as my son sat on it I realized I was in the shooting range ! This makes a major mess . The good thing about it is that the cushion detaches from the plastic to make for easy cleaning .
 This potty seat may work well for a girl , but it 's awful for a boy . The pee guard is very low & if my son does n't sit way to the back of the seat , he ends up peeing over the guard & the urine gets all over the crease between the cushion & the plastic of the seat . It 's a mess to clean up & is really unhygenic . It also fits terribly on elongated toilet seats . I replaced it with the Baby Bjorn seat , which works very well & has an adjustable flange on the back to get it to fit the toilet seat . I highly recommend BB seats . No affiliation , just a very happy customer .
 I like this seat mostly because Elmo seems to have magical powers over little ones ! If your kid is like mine , however , and likes to sit on the potty `` unproductively '' you might want to consider something a little more comfortable . The plastic frame that the cushion sits on has a rim around the inside . While your child is sitting , the fairly cheaply made cushion settles down and your child 's butt is now resting on the edge of the hard plastic . Our daughter would always get up and complain about her butt hurting . Depending on what kind of toilet seat you have , it also has a tendency to slip around . I had to put some non-skid pads on the bottom so that it would n't fall into the toilet with a toddler 's wiggling around . You could end up with pinched fingers or a soaked tot .
 This is completely unacceptable for elongated seats with curves . It just slides around and is a completely unusable waste of money .
 Does not fit on the toilet seat . It slides around . The pee guard is use less . My boy pees right over it . This is a waste of money .
 I bought this seat for my 3 year old son because he loves Spiderman . This seat is awful for boys because the area of plastic prevents the pee from going into the potty . Instead it splashes every where else . I would not recommend this seat at all for a boy .
 My 2 year old son loves the Spiderman design but there are a few issues with the seat itself .1 . A little small for my son who is tall for his age -LRB- 40in -RRB- but might work fine for a regular size or smaller toddler .2 . Slides around on the toilet seat as the description is wrong and there are no skids on the bottom to prevent this from happening . It does not slide enough that it or my son would fall off the toilet though .3 . The splash guard is a joke as my son sits above it and must constantly be aware enough to point himself down as to not wet the entire bathroom . I would prefer the splash guard to be removable as it does not help .4 . The description on Amazon is incorrect , this potty is just the seat as pictured . There is no Ziploc back for storage and the potty itself does not fold to take with you.All in all a slightly okay potty seat but requires some effort to make it work for my son .
 Actually got this free or I would n't have bothered . The stream cup in front is WORTHLESS !!! My son is a new trainer and has n't learned to `` hold it down '' yet . He got it all over the floor . Does n't really fit on the seat anyway .
 When I received the item I was disappointed . It was not just Spiderman on his own I received Spiderman and his Marvel friends . Unfortunately I also ordered two , one for my mums house . My son had no idea who the other characters were and would not seat on the seat . If I wanted the the Marvel friends I would have ordered that but I wanted the Spiderman seat . Even in the photo shown , it shows just the spiderman so this is misleading .
 I bought this potty seat for my daughter and I took into consideration that this was supposed to fit regular and elongated toilets . The second I put my daughter on it she nearly fell into the toilet ! The seat is not very stable and as far as being able to go on most toilets , that is a lie . My toilet seat is as regular as they come and it still falls through . A waste of money and a safety hazard !
 I chose this seat because the package states that it works for both standard and elongated toilets , but it definitely does not work for the elongated toilet seats . It slips around a lot and has dumped my child into the toilet on more than one occasion -- and we 've only had the seat for 1 day . We 'll be a long time getting past those scares.It also seems generally flimsy and easily bent . The ring underneath is screwed on and there are lots of ridges and gaps , so I predict it will be hard to keep clean . Very disappointing . If I can return this thing , I will . Do n't waste your money .
 We bought this because my son loves Elmo . Unfortunately , he now refuses to sit on it because it slips around on our elongated toilet seat . It is completely unstable . He wo n't admit it , but he 's afraid of it . So , now he wo n't go on the big potty and is back to his Baby Bjorn potty chair . I 'm going to buy something else .
 We had a seat SORT OF like this when my son was training - and lost it . Not sure if it was the same manufacturer or not . It had no handles then , and the pee guard stood up high and was removable . We never used the pee guard , it made it harder to get on the seat and it just was n't needed - we just taught my son to point it down.Now I am training twin girls and thinking Elmo might get one of them on the potty more -LRB- one shows way more interest than the other - it 's the reluctant one I want to bribe -RRB- We have little potties with inserts that come off but most parents know the power of Elmo - I 'm willing to try anything at this point , within reason . -LRB- ie the all-out free standing elmo potty is too much , LOL , and I want to take advantage of the fact that both are willing to use the big potty with an insert -RRB- The reviews about the pee guard on this were so puzzling I had to see it in person before buying it - and it looks TERRIBLE . It 's a very low pee guard . Basically too low to serve any purpose for a boy , but it 's there , and it 's high enough that boy or girl I can see them peeing on it and making more of a mess than if it was n't there . -LRB- One of my girls likes to look down and kind of shift her stuff forward as she pees - not normally a problem , but with this in the way , it would be -RRB- And it does not come off . I actually stood there in the store contemplating if we could cut it out somehow , maybe with a dremmel , but you should n't have to make modifications to a potty ring . It 's one of the worst designs I can imagine . It 's like I can kind of see what they were thinking but they should have thought harder . So I decided to skip this . Even if we were to have marginal success with it , I am pregnant with another boy now , and I refuse to buy something I know he wo n't be able to use.I am really kicking myself for not replacing my son 's potty ring when we lost it , but he was doing well enough without it and I never saw it becoming a hard to find item . No handles made it easier to travel with . We kept it in our diaper bag . Now I am in the market for a used potty ring !
 We are just starting to potty train our 2 year old daughter . We bought 2 of these from the store -LRB- Babies R Us -RRB- ... the Dora design and the Sesame Street design . The only good thing is that my 2 year old loves the designs and she likes the handles . And it 's lightweight and easy for her to put it on the toilet herself . However the splash guard in the front is ABSOLUTELY USELESS !!! The splash guard hurts her thighs if she 's sitting normal on the seat . She would have to practically do the splits so that her thighs are n't pressing against it . And the WORST part is ... every time my daughter pees , it gets EVERYWHERE ! It goes right over the splash guard , then leaks down in between the foam padding and the plastic base ... as well as all over her legs , the toilet , and the bathroom floor -LRB- and sometimes me ! -RRB- . The sad thing is that my daughter now anticipates that it will splash ... so she uses her little hands to cover the top of the splash guard ... and then ends up with pee all over her hands !!! I think it 's because the shape and size of the opening of the seat is so small , it does n't allow for the child to sink down into the opening a bit to lower themselves so that pee goes into the toilet and not over the top of the rim . And my daughter is not chubby , she 's a slender 2 year old . So now each time she goes to the bathroom , I end up hosing her down in the tub , taking the potty seat apart -LRB- removing the foam from the plastic base to wipe and sanitize it -RRB- , and then having to disinfect the bathroom floor and the toilet itself . WHAT A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY !
 The lid that is intended to keep the urine inside does nothing , it actually makes it worse . This makes it very difficult to use , my son feels so uncomfortable that he tries to get further back and retains his urine not to splash , how good is this ??? ...
 My grandson loves Thomas so I bought him this potty seat . When he sits on it there is NO WAY the deflector is going to work properly .
 I bought this seat so that my son would have an easier time aiming into the toilet . However , the pee cup only makes it more difficult . It does absolutely nothing to catch the stream , and instead provides even less room for him to aim down while sitting on the seat . The seats that have a tall , narrow cup are much better . I 'm not sure who this seat is designed for.On the plus side , we 've had no problems with this seat staying firmly on the toilet .
 This potty has a seat that fits -LRB- poorly -RRB- into a molded frame . The pee cup is part of that frame , so you can not remove it . The soft seat is too small within its cheap hard frame . This product is useless for older tots still wanting the reassurance of a seat that fits them better -LRB- on the big toilet -RRB- , but needing independence in the bathroom . It slips around within the molded frame and within the actual toilet seat . The handles do not help at all , and the pee cup is really in the way for little girls . It allows no stability and therefore no freedom ! I am junking it !
 Purchased this for my son because he loves Dora but the seat does not fit over the oval bowls and unfortunately he fell in the toilet . Kind of defeating the purpose , so if you have oval bowls save your money .
 I wo n't recommend this seat because it moves around too much no matter what kind of toilet seat you it put on . Other seat that I purchased comes with non-skid/slide things that come with the seat that keeps the seat in place when your child sits on it , but this one has nothing to hold the seat in place and moves around way too much .
 Like other people have said this seat is very unstable and wobbley . I do n't have an elongated toilet and it is still not a good fit . But my biggest problem is that my son 's urine gets shot in between the two seats and I have to clean up the bottom of the potty training seat and the top of my toilet seat . Very gross . I have had other -LRB- flatter -RRB- seats that worked just fine with my other son but this one seems to hold him up too high with the cushioning so that he ca n't pee into the toilet .
 We have an elongated toilet and I do n't know of anyway to hold this seat in place . My daughter has trouble sitting back far enough because when she tries to scoot back , the whole seat goes with her . So when she pees , it gets in between the potty ring and the toilet seat and makes a big mess .
 Really , how hard can it be to design one of these things ? This fails for two basic reasons :1 -RRB- It slides backwards on the toilet seat making it unstable and hard for my daughters to sit down . This is an enormous design flaw .2 -RRB- The pee guard is basically flush with the seat , so what is its purpose other than to decrease the actual potty-business real estate ? It takes away room for daughters ' pee to go down . And it 's not high enough to save my baby boy from getting soaked when my daughter did n't clamp her knees shut tightly enough to prevent her pee from shooting cleanly over the guard and onto baby 's head . He was not pleased . Neither was I.I also have a two mini-potties , the Fisher Price froggy and singing ducky . The pee guard on the froggy potty is great . I love this low-tech seat as it 's easy to clean and hands down my twin daughters ' favorite . The singing duck potty was more expensive , is much harder to clean , is annoyingly loud and wakes up the baby , and there are a lot more spills due to the lack of pee guard . Highly recommend the froggy potty if you are in the market .
 We bought this potty seat simply because they have it in our two-year old 's family day care , and we thought she would appreciate the consistent look and feel -LRB- she did -RRB- . We were immediately surprised that the potty seat was very loose fitting in all of the toilets in our house . Not knowing better , we assumed that this was as good as it got with potty seats.Our daughter had been using it for a couple months when disaster struck . She was happily singing on the potty and kind of wiggling from side to side to the song when the potty slipped and actually fell right into the toilet with her on top of it.Luckily , my wife was right there , but it was very scary for all involved . I definitely do not recommend traumatizing your child when you are trying to teach him or her the `` goodness of the potty '' . Ultimately we did what we should have done in the first place , and we looked at the reviews of the various potty seats on Amazon . If only we had known that this one has a less than stellar reputation . We ended up with the Baby Bjorn potty seat -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- , which has a dial that adjusts the snugness of the fit , and it can be easily customized to the size of any seat you might run into . It costs a lot more , but it is worth every penny.So , if you have the typical oval -LRB- elongated -RRB- toilet seat , stay away from this one . I am giving it two stars -LRB- rather than the one star it probably deserves -RRB- only because children are clearly attracted to the Sesame Street characters on it like moths to a flame , which probably helps them accept the idea of trying out a potty seat in the first place .
 The guard on this seat is WAY too small for my 2.5 yr old boy . I 'm sure this would work fine for a girl , though .
 My nearly 2 year old son wants to use the potty , but has trouble with the splash guard/cup on this model . He loves Elmo and wants to carry this seat around but will not use it . We also bought the Primo Ducka . He will sit on that seat all day if you let him . This might be a good choice for parents of girls .
 this is a good toilet ring , but ONLY if you have the smallest , round toilet seats . the package blatantly lies in saying that it fits elongated seats - it will fit , but it 'll also slide around and leave large gaps . my home has a mix of elongated/round seats , and i found that the baby bjorn rung is the best for the larger bowls . we use that for our elongated seats , and this ring for the tiny toilet that 's in the hallway . otherwise this ring - which can not be adjusted to fit - will slide around a lot and feel very unstable when you 're trying to toilet train .
 it looks cheap . It does n't fit on the toilet . Dora pictures makes it a valuable toy :-RRB- . I need to purchase another one that fits on the toilet securely !
 i just bought this for my 21/2 year old son . it slides ALL over the place on my elongated toilet and the pee catcher cup is WAY too short so it wont even catch the stream unless he leans way forward and hangs over the toilet . im taking this back tomorrow and i will definitely be ordering the lightning mcqueen one with the larger pee catcher cup !
 She said that the little splash guard scratched her `` hoo-hoo '' when getting on and off the potty . We returned this item shortly thereafter . Design flaw if you ask me .
 This potty chair looks really cute and is cushy but the actual size is just too small for a potty training boy on the slightly above average size .
 We recently got this seat so we could take our old one to the babysitter 's house . It fits fine on my round toilet , but yes , it does move around although not to the point where my 3yr old falls in or feels unsettled . My son specifically chose Dora , so he loves using it , likes having the handles to hold on to , & he can put it on the toilet himself . What I do n't like is that the splash guard is so low , that it really serves no purpose unless the penis is held down . If my son leans forward a lot , then he wo n't splash over the guard -LRB- and all over everything else -RRB- . But really , is n't the point of the guard is so that we do n't have to go through all that ? I now have to stand over my son every time he goes to the bathroom so I can make sure he goes `` neatly '' which sort of defeats the purpose of teaching him to be independent enough to go to the bathroom by himself . Plus , the guard & handles are all in one & is detachable from the soft potty seat , allowing urine to dribble down the insides or in-between where the seat & handles meet . Meaning , there is often urine on the actual toilet seat when I remove the potty seat to rinse off . So I 've got to clean that too . What a mess ! Our other soft potty seat does n't have the handles , has a much higher splash guard , & never had urine collect underneath it onto the toilet seat . I am tempted to ask the babysitter to swap for our old seat . I would not recommend getting this brand of seat for a boy .
 I bought this potty seat originally when I was potty training my daughter and it was `` ok '' ... my daughter liked the characters on it , but it was n't super stable . For the parent , there 's a lot of nooks and crannies to clean , so I was n't crazy about it . But it was functional.Now that I 'm potty training my son ... it 's just AWFUL . First of all , the urine guard is too low so that it makes it worthless . So then , if you try the method where you have your son point his penis down and cross legs -LRB- or even just have his legs closer together -RRB- , the urine guard hurts his legs . My son refuses to use this seat and says it hurts , hence it is now in the garbage .
 Do n't get this kind . They have fun designs but they are hard to clean . There are crevices were poo and pee can get stuck . Another main problem is the plastic molding that holds the cushion . It 's sticking up a little bit in the inside circle and when the cushion gets pressed the buttocks get dented . Whenever my 2 yr old sits on this potty seat her buttocks would get red and the plastic molding would leave a mark . She would complain that it hurts to sit there for a long time . :-LRB- I just bought `` Mommy 's Helper Contoured Cushie Tushie Potty Seat '' It 's amazing . No boo boos . And easy to clean . : -RRB-
 I brought a toilet seat last year , it was great , so I was so excited when I saw thie elmo seat , but when I received it and sat the baby on it , she fell down , please do not buy this seat . Manufacturer should do an do something about this , now the baby is afraid to seat on the other baby toilet that I brought from amazon last year . But I not giving up on her , I am going to use the toilet seat from last year and tried again in a couple of days , also I am buying another one just like the one I got last year ... all your product are great except for this one ... I will come back and buy more items from amazon , all the baby items I brought from amazon in 2010 , 2011 & 2012 are great ... tks . amazon . .
 This thing is useless for a boy starting out and not ready for standing and aiming ! I am a Grandmother with 2 sons . . cant beleive i didnt look at this closer . . just wanted the Thomas since it is his favorite.Designer must not have children or at least BOYS .
 This seat elevates your kid so that -LRB- if he 's a boy -RRB- the pee goes flying across the room . The regular toilet seat below gets dirty , and this seat has to be cleaned after every use . Get the one that Baby Bjorn makes .
 At first glance , a five star Toy Story addition to bathroom , BUT . . seat barely fits on standard toilet seat and the urine shield is definitely too shallow to be comfortable or effective . The illustrations are nice and the padding is good but it does not fit the toilet properly . When my son used one of these 30 years ago , it fit much more snuggly and the shield was more appropriately sized for a two year old . My grandson feels safer on toilet without this seat . Definitely can not recommend.The stars were for its illustrations not its usefulness .
 very hard seat , does n't stay put inside toilet seat and is n't comfortable for the little ones . My child refuses to use it and reminds me often that she does n't like it .
 Even though this seat comes with a guard for boys , it does n't go high enough , so if you 're standing in front of your toddler while he goes # 1 , you better watch out cuz you 're gon na get wet .
 Although my son was excited about this seat it does not function well . My son is 2.5 and it 's too small . When he pees it ends up shooting over the seat rather than into the toilet . If it were larger it would be much better .
 This is a very cute product that any child would love because of the pictures but the design does n't allow it to sit securely on the toilet . It might would work well on a flat toilet seat but most toilet seats are n't flat anymore . If I child tried to climb on this it would shift potentially causing them to fall . More of these seats need to have a little rubber ring on the bottom to prevent them from slipping or turning and be designed for the modern toilet seat .
 My daughter liked the seat she had -LRB- Primo Ducka -RRB- but really wanted a seat with handles for pooping . This little seat seemed to fit the bill and was cheap enough that I did n't mind buying another seat.Yes , it `` fits '' elongated toilets . But there is nothing to keep it from sliding around on the longer toilet seat underneath it - no clamps , no pegs , no rubber feet , nothing ! Every time my daughter tried to sit down , the seat would slide 4 inches backwards - landing her on the pee guard . If I start with the little seat as far back as possible , it 's too far for her to get on without help -LRB- she 's nearly 3 ! -RRB- and once on , her feet do n't touch her fairly tall step stool . It needs to be at the front of the toilet seat but it wo n't stay there . So I have to be with her to hold it in place so she can climb on . Not a problem if you are starting out - you need to be with your child - but this is a problem if your child knows how to use the potty and wants to express her independence and `` do it herself '' . Once she is sitting with the seat in the proper place , the biggest complaint starts . This thing collects pee . The little pee guard is pointless . From what I 've seen pee guards are needed by some kids , not by others - regardless of sex . My daughter needs one - a decent one . This one just deflects her pee all over the seat , the floor , her pants , her shoes . In short , a drippy , nasty mess that has to be cleaned every time it is used with extra laundry . I shudder to think of the muck that is accumulating in the foam under the vinyl.She wanted one with handles . Fine . I 've added two simple drawer pull knobs to our Primo Ducka potty seat . She 's pleased . This piece of junk went in the trash .
 I have mixed feelings on this product . On the one hand , my son wanted to see Dora and was motivated by this potty seat . However , now , after a couple of years of use , I find it quite disgusting . My son is now 4.5 , and he still uses it on the top of the large toilet seat . The pee guard in the front is awful for boys , obviously . I only purchased this because he wanted Dora . I later replaced it with a similar seat with no pee guard and while a little better , both seats simply collect old , yucky , stinky pee inside the seat . You ca n't wipe it/clean it well because it gets stuck between the plastic bottom part and the top soft/squishy part of the seat . Impossible to clean . I 'm now looking for a product that does not have this problem . Maybe if you have a girl , this wo n't be an issue for you , but I imagine even girls send a little pee into that crevice as well .
 I had bought this cause I thought its cute . well its cute but it does n't function well . My 21/2 year old son slides all over the place , its not secure at all . When he pees he pees over and the pee goes even in between the seat so i have to flush everything and clean the toilet . the cup holder is a joke . . it really holds nothing , so i can not recommend this for boys at all . I am about to get another potty seat , something that will hold his pee and will fit safely in my toilet .
 There are a number of potty seats listed on Amazon with identical construction but different designs . You 'll find that the ones with designs more geared toward girls -LRB- Dora , etc. . . -RRB- have slightly higher ratings than the ones geared toward boys -LRB- Thomas the Tank Engine , etc. . . -RRB- . There is a definite reason for this
 I have the Diego and the Disney cars seat for my twin boys and would not recommend the diego toilet seat for boys as the cover that makes sure the penis goes into the toilet is not big enough cover . I like the cushion and handles though . I would rather recommend the Disney car toilet seat with a larger potty cover for peepee .
 The seat was very visually appealing and motivated him to potty , until he discovered that the vinyl seat stuck to his thighs and ripped skin off when he got up . The result was red sore thighs for a good 12 hours and his complete fear of pottys . If the big potty topic comes up , he wimpers and complains the big potty hurts and bit him . Back to the bjorn I guess .
 As has been exhaustively described by reviews here , the splash cup is very poorly designed on these Ginsey potty seats.But my bigger complaint is how easily the seat moves around on the toilet . Yesterday , my three year old sat down for his nightly potty . He leaned forward , as we have taught him to do precisely to avoid peeing over the poorly designed splash guard . The seat actually flipped forward on top of the toilet -- think of a manhole cover flipping in a looney tunes cartoon , and dumped my son on the floor . He face planted head first into the ground . The whole thing happened in about 1.5 second.Luckily , we had a bathroom rug , albeit a thin one , so he got away with only a swollen upper lip -LRB- and probably the worst crying bout he has had in about a year -RRB- . So yea , I wholeheartedly do NOT recommend the Ginsey potty seat , unless potty training is progressing too easily for you .
 My son loves spongebob so naturally I had to get this for his potty seat . The pee shield is n't attached . Does n't come with handles attached -LRB- which I noticed it said that later -RRB- and it wobbles on the toilet . Needless to say I went out and bought another seat and this one is in the closet
 I am so disappointed . I have a standard toilet seat and this potty seat does not sit snuggly on it , and does not even come close to fitting my elongated one upstairs . Plus it has no rubber grip material as many do on the bottom to keep it in place once my little one sits down . As a result he slips every time . I suggest bypassing this one and making sure you find one that is either adjustable or comes with some secure grips underneath . Many potty seats are non returnable -- unless you can test it on your toilet first , do n't risk this one !
 Perhaps I just ordered the wrong size , but I could never get a comfortable fit with my baby in the sling . The sling always seemed to push the baby 's head forward to baby 's chest , so I was always worried the baby could n't breathe . I even consulted with a baby store employee and practiced , but I could n't get a good fit . Perhaps I was just paranoid . It 's a shame too because I really like the idea of a sling -- it 's so much lighter and easier to pack than other carriers . However , it is n't super comfortable when baby gets heavier . I just started using it again as a hip-carry , so hopefully I 'll have more success with that.I 'm sorry to say that I ca n't recommend the product . I also have a moby-style wrap -LRB- best for newborns -RRB- and an ergo carrier . I LOVE my ergo !!!
 Maybe this works for some women , but I am long torsoed and plus size and it was awful . I ended up giving it away . It felt constricting and really hot .
 I was looking for an alternative Rose scented soap so thought I 'd try Dr. Bronner - Organic Castile Soap . I wo n't buy it again . It smells more like bad soap than rose and does n't lather very well , not even in soft-water .
 I bought some of pamper brand for baby wipe . but this one is the worse i use . coz the quality of the wipe is no good and bad quality . I prefer the sensitive one or others . i wo n't use this one again . thanks .
 This is plaster of Paris , and you need to be an expert sculptor to use this product . The instructions state to add water until the plaster is of toothpaste consistency , and then to pour the wet plaster into the mold , tapping it to level . First , if you achieve toothpaste consistency , you have to scoop , not pour , the plaster . Then the mixture is not wet enough to tap level , forcing you to spread the plaster flat and inevitably streaking the surface . In the meantime , the plaster is hardening despite even using hot water in a room at normal temperature , and even while adding more hot water . Essentially , there 's no way to achieve a smooth print of either hands or feet . How do I know this ? Because just seconds ago , I tossed the entire kit into the garbage after my mold hardened while I was still trying desperately to smooth it out.And I 'm not the only one
 We thought this was for a BABY as it was in the baby section but it is for a 5 year old child . We bought it as a gift and my sister was very disappointed . I think the preview is very misleading .
 I bought this backpack when I was pregnant with my second child . I rarely used it as a sling backpack because with two kids I found that I did n't have the time to put it over my shoulder . And if , by chance , that I did have the time , the shoulder strap was very uncomfortable . It was constantly rubbing the side of my neck . The other times I just threw it over one shoulder and the problem with that was it always flew down and sometimes hit my 3 year old in the head ! This would be good for someone with only one child , otherwise it 's too much of a pain to deal with in my opinion .
 I am a loyal `` baby -LRB- california -RRB- innovations '' customer . My first diaper bag 2 years ago was by them and I loved it but now that I have two children I needed one that would not slip off my shoulder as most diaper bags do . I purchased this diaper bag because a few other mom friends had and raved about it . I LOVED IT and still do except after 5 days of proper use , the strap completely came apart at the seam . I assumed it was a one time manufacturing malfunction and returned it the next day because I very well could n't use a broken diaper bag . I received a brand new one and it is happening again !!! The strap is slowly breaking and it has only been 7 days ! In addition , as mentioned in another review , the zippers are poor quality and are difficult to close . I do love the design but due to my now double complications with the strap I am not impressed and will be contacting the company as soon as I am done writing this review . Thank you .
 We got this bag from our baby shower . I was really excited when I first saw it because it seemed stylish and my husband would be able to carry it around without feeling less manly . But the down side to it is that it 's too hard to find any of the baby 's stuff that 's in it . There 's hardly enough room to put anything . It would be perfect for older babies where you do n't have to bring alot of stuff but for younger babies I still would choose the traditional shoulder bag over this .
 I was so happy when I received this bag at my shower ... and was so happy with it for the first two months of use . Then the zipper -LRB- for the main compartment -RRB- started to be a bit fussy ... and now it wo n't close at all . I 'm very dissappointed . The size of the bag was great , and I loved all of the compartments ... but it 's useless if I ca n't get the main zipper to stay closed . I was careful not to overload the bag , since I know that overloading can damage the zipper !
 My biggest complaint about the bag is aesthetic . Since it crosses the front of your body-shoulder to hip-it really accentuates a breastfeeding mom 's breasts in a not so flattering way . Basically is makes them look HUGE . The bag itself is great , and works well for my husband . I 'm going to look for a regular bag for myself .
 I hate this stupid bag.The elastic on the back pocket separated from the mesh within about a month of using it , the zipper pulls come apart -LRB- super ! diaper bag with a built-in choking hazard ! -RRB- and there 's really not a lot of room thanks to its unique shape . Now , I admit , the shape seems like a great idea , and is what attracted me to the bag in the first place , and I 've seen lots of other sling backpacks that are exactly what I expected this one to be , but this thing slides around when I bend and fits like crap . I can not believe the number of good reviews I 'm seeing here . It 's the only diaper bag I 've ever had , so maybe all diaper bags suck ? I dunno . But this one does .
 The opening for this bag is impossible to manage while holding a baby ! The zipper is hefty , but stiff and once the bag is open , the opening is sooooooooo narrow ! Once I get the changing pad out , I can hardly get it back in when I 'm finished . I love the meshy outside and zippered pockets ; however , there are no guts to this bag for the baby essentials . Once you have the too large changing pad inside , there is n't much room for diapers , wipes and a wardrobe change - forget about food and toys ! Boo hiss . I 'm still looking for the perfect diaper bag .
 This bag is stylish and can be functional . I think it is fine for small day trips as far as how much you can fit in it but overall not roomy enough . We have an 8 week old and went to the beach for 4 days with her . Each morning I got up and had to be creative to fit everything in there we neeeded for the day and she is in small newborn diapers ! You could NOT fit a can of forumla in there . You will need forumla container/dispenser as they are smaller . The insulated pouch for one bottle does not work well for keeping things warm . I put a warm bottle of plain water in there to make the bottle later and in one hour the bottle was cool . I have to say that I pack very light as a rule and still did n't have enough room in there . Once you got everything in , when you wanted to find something you had to get everything out to find and put it all back in . The strap was okay for awhile but after about an hour your shoulder was hurting ! OUCH ! You can not `` reverse ' it to go on the other shoulder unless you want to pack the diaper bag with the pouch on your front and after awhile you will do that just to give your shoulder relief but be warned moms with the pouch on the front you will feel pregnant again -LRB- ha , ha -RRB- . This is going back today ! Sorry .
 Although the sling design seems ergonomic , it 's counterintuitive for me , a right-handed person , to get the bag over my head -- it 's hard to describe , but it 's not a thought-less process . I struggle each time to figure out just how to get it on . Once on , it 's comfortable and the cell phone pocket is convenient . On the other hand , once on , you ca n't really access any other pocket . My biggest complaint is the zippers -- crapola . One of them broke after two uses and now it 's completely busted . The others catch and seem ready to go at any moment . It seems to me that one could just as easily wear a courier bag slung across the chest .
 We registered online for this bag because we thought it was stylish . Little did we know that it is really hard to find anything in this bag because of all the little tiny zipper compartments and the main compartment only zips down the side so you have to take everything out of the bag to actually see what you are looking for . It 's really hard to do all of that when you are out with your baby !
 Merits of the bag aside , I 'm giving this bag a low score to call attention to a conceptual flaw . It is designed to `` sling '' on the right shoulder . I always wear my bags on my left , so this does n't work for me . Sure , you could wear it on your left , but it does n't fall the way it 's supposed to and defeats the purpose of this potentially clever concept . It 's too bad they do n't offer it designed both ways . We lefties ca n't catch a break . If you wear your bag on your right , this might be the bag for you .
 I got this from our registry and had to return it because there was not enough room for all the stuff that babies needs . It also only has one compartment to fit one very small bottle . This would be great for a quick outting to the super market but definitely not good for a long day out with the baby . It also did n't feel as comfortable as what other reviewers wrote about . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and about 125 pounds and it just kept slipping to the side and did n't hold still .
 The concept of a backpack diaper bag is what attracted me to this particular bag . After making the purchase , I used it only once . The zipper is very difficult to open with one hand and having the opening on the side , things would fall out -LRB- if I could get more than the changing pad inside -RRB- . There is n't much room for more than a couple of diapers . The cellphone holder does n't move up and down the strap much , so half the time it was right in my face . I am still searching for the right diaper bag for me . Right now , the free one from the hospital has worked the best !
 This bag had all the features that i was looking for . insulated bottle holder , side pocket big enough for a sippy cup , place for my wallet , keys and cell phone , convenient place for diapers and wipes -LRB- easily accessible -RRB- . This bag was perfect except for the defective zippers . They get stuck and that is really annoying when you are trying to change a baby or do whatever else with one hand and the baby in the other . My grandmother suggested rubbing candle wax on them so that they will slide easier , i tried this trick and they still got stuck so i bought a new bag .
 I love this style of bag , it keeps everything out of the way and on your back and does n't hurt your shoulders . But it 's such a tight fit in there!I generally carry 2-3 -LRB- cloth , so slightly bigger -RRB- diapers , wipes , a change of clothes , my wallet and a sippy cup , and those * barely * fit . When we were going on a longer trip and I wanted to cring toys I had to big another bag for them . Definitly not for newborns and I would n't really recommend it for anyone who brings more then the bare essentials .
 feet hit wheels when you walk . handles are far away from body , causing you to hunch over . it is very lightweight , and easy to fold . took on a trip through airports and train stations and it was very easy to travel with ... BUT , the way its designed makes it impossible to walk with . we are trying to return it .
 I had high hopes for this stroller , given the generally positive reviews , the nice features -LRB- carrying strap , case -RRB- and the super light weight and great color -LRB- Topazio -RRB- . However , within about two minutes of walking with it , I started kicking the wheels -LRB- unintentionally , of course -RRB- as there is too narrow of a space between them . In order to not kick the wheels , I had to walk in such a way that quickly became uncomfortable for my shoulders and upper back . I 'm not sure if it is a height issue -LRB- I am only 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- or just a general ergonomics issue . It also had an awfully small seat -LRB- my 19 pound 10-month-old seemed liked he 'd grow out of it in about 5 pounds -RRB- , buckles that were very difficult to use , and brake locks/folding mechanisms that were very stiff and difficulty to use quickly/easily . Needless to say , this one is being returned .
 We purchased this stroller as an extra for around the house or quick trips out -LRB- in turquois -RRB- specifically for the shoulder harnesses because it 's hard to find an umbrella stroller with this option . The stroller is well made and visually pleasing -LRB- thus the 2 star rating -RRB- . unfortunately my average size 8 month old finds it extremely uncomfortable . The problem is that the seat part is too inclined and even with the back in the upright position it makes his feet point up too high . therefore he has the tendency to lean forward because of the unnatural angle and he can not relax . He ends up slumped to one side with his head resting on the side bar . This one will only be used for around the yard for short periods . Prior to purchasing this stroller I bought the `` Kolcraft Tour Sport Umbrella Stroller With Adjustable Canopy '' . It was nearly half the price of the Chicco . Although it did not come with shoulder harnesses , it 's just as well made , the handlebars are foam padded and comes with a cup holder . The best part is that I use it daily inside the house and my son loves it . The seat is flatter and it reclines as well . He falls asleep minutes after strolling him around the house and even watches his `` Baby Einstein '' shows in it . It 's the best money spent so far . I also recommend any of the Maclaren Strollers , pricy but worth the money . I use the XLR for shopping and outing trips and he has plenty of room and is comfortable .
 I purchased this stroller after purchasing the chicco keyfit carseat stroller combo . I was really impressed with the quality and durability . This stroller does not match up . I should have listened to the other reviews , as it has quite a few annoyances . The basket underneath is pretty much useless . I can fit a sippy cup , a few diapers , wipes and changing pad and a munchie mug , but not much else . You can not fit even a small lunch bag there . In the pictures , it seems like you will be able to put things in the basket with the kid in the stroller , but that room gets scrunched with the child in the seat and you have to fish items out of the side . This normally would n't be annoying , because you can hang your diaper bag from the handles with your rubber bungees . When I hang my diaper bag from the stroller handles -LRB- even with the little bungee attachments that make it higher , it is hard to walk with because you lose precious space to hold the handles -LRB- walk a little farther back -RRB- , which are low for me and I am 5 ' 3 . It is really annoying for my husband to push because the handles are so low . The buckles on the straps are also very annoying . They have that moving plastic clasp part that attaches the straps and the buckle , and I constantly have to move it out of the way to buckle in -LRB- it gets near where the buckle needs to squeeze together to fit and I have to wiggle it out of the way -RRB- . The worst part is that it is made so cheaply that after 3 weeks of use , my plastic clasp broke when my son -LRB- only 14 months -RRB- pulled on the strap , so now I can not use it because if he pulls hard enough , the strap comes loose -RRB- . The last annoyance is that the crotch strap is not very long and I am constantly pushing my son back into the seat so I can buckle him in . I used cloth diapers for the first 6 months and I can not imagine being able to buckle him in with a cloth diaper on . I am pretty disappointed and I guess I will be contacting Chicco for a replacement part . I wish I had purchased something else .
 This stroller is awful -- i have given myself a blood blister trying to unclasp the 5 point harness plastic clasp . It is so incredibly stiff ... when i push the stroller the wheels seem awfully close together and i step on the wheels alot . the price is what drew me in b/c i thought an umbrella stroller was an umbrella stroller ... but a friend bought the maclaren and it was a much nicer , smoother push/ride ... if i had to do it again , i would spend the extra money and get a nicer lightweight stroller . i dread using it b/c i bought mainly for airport travel b/c we travel alot -- i am tempted to put it up for sale on e-bay and buy a better one !
 I had to sell this stroller after one use because I kicked the wheels probably a dozen times . Very VERY disappointing because I love the color and style ! I 'm only 5 ' 6 '' so if you 're a petite person and not planning on any tall people using it then it may work out just fine for you . Or I suppose if you are a `` baby steps '' type of walker , but I take long strides . Wish the handles were adjustable - they needed to be an extra 3-4 inches higher .
 I purchased this stroller after the McClaren hinge recall to try a different brand in a lightweight , less expensive model for travel . This stroller was mangled in just one airplane flight , and while I could blame United Airlines , the fact that my husband was able to bend the stroller so easily to try and fix it tells me it 's just poorly made . And no , it was n't fixable . Even in full working order if you are above 5 ' 7 '' you will have to hunch over to push this stroller and somehow the pitch of it is such that your feet will knock into the wheels when pushing it . I 've never loved my old McClaren so much , and I will even risk finger amputation to use it once again .
 I registered for this stroller b/c I wanted a durable umbrella stroller and I thought it was cool it had a carry case . After I got it and pushed it around the house a bit I realized I did n't like it at all for these reasons :1 . handles . they tilt in a bit and just make an awkward hold I like a padded bar better2 . canopy . way too small not even sure it would sheild any sun3 . basket . again way too small4 . recline . what recline !? enough said5 . no cup holder -LRB- where do I put my water on a long walk ? -RRB- 6 . no kid tray -LRB- where do I put a snack for baby on my long walk or at the mall -RRB- 7 . storage bag . do n't need when am I ever going to put my stoller over my shoulder and not on the ground ? 8 . fold . way to awkard and big when folded I like the one hand fold of other strollers that just collapse9 . price . salty for an umbrella with no cool featuresSo I returned with intentions to buy the jeep umbrella which at half the price is more compact easy to move and even has storage pockets on the side , but I feel in love with the jeep urban terrain . That is a great stroller . See my review!I would not recommend this stroller to people who do n't have $ 60 to blow on an umbrella stroller .
 I just bought this stroller and am planning on returning it if I can . I am 5 ' 7 '' -LRB- pretty average height -RRB- and have to walk with my arms straight out and stiff to prevent myself from kicking the wheels , which , needless-to-say is very uncomfortable . I agree with other posts that this stroller needs adjustable handles.The storage basket is almost useless in that it is very hard to get anything into it -LRB- it 's blocked by poles and straps -RRB- ... definitely ca n't get a diaper bag or anything more than a sweater in there.The little clip that is supposed to hold the stroller shut when folded down is really hard to snap down , in fact , only my husband has managed to do it so far . I gave up after many tries.Finally , the stroller had a very strong chemical smell -LRB- fire retardants ? -RRB- when I took it out of the box . I aired it out on my front porch for a week before even letting my little one sit in it.I really liked to look of this stroller and am sad it turned out to be such a disappointment . I am giving it two stars , rather than one because it is very easy to open and fold down , is very light , and looks sporty .
 Nowhere on the Chicco website or on Amazon 's page for this product does it say that this product is only considered safe for children 6 months and older , but that 's exactly what I discovered in the safety information - AFTER I bought it , when I opened it up . I bought this for a trip this weekend and had to return it and get another stroller on short notice , which was a giant hassle -LRB- thank god for prime & free returns , but still . -RRB- The `` recline '' was also a joke - an inch at best - and the harness was very flimsy , so even if they had n't specifically excluded younger children , I would have been totally unwilling to even consider risking it with my 5 month old . So do n't buy it if you need a product suitable for a younger baby , and for goodness ' sakes , Amazon , update your product page and make it less of a PITA for the next person in my boat .
 I bought a secondhand Chicco liteway stroller from someone on Craigslist and LOVED it ! It was so solid and comfortable . But unfortunately it became damaged and I had to find something new . I decided to go with the Capri , since my son is getting bigger -LRB- he 's 2 and a half -RRB- and I mostly just needed something for travel . I do not like it at all . It is difficult to push -LRB- the wheels often get stuck -RRB- and it feels flimsy . Also , the clip that holds it when it is collapsed is not easy to clip . When we took the train at Disneyland I was always stressing to clip it in time to board . I always am the one who gets stuck pushing it because everyone else in my family hates it . It 's definitely better than a cheap umbrella stroller , but not by much . The basket underneath is so small , you can put very little there . If you just want something to push to the park , it 's probably not bad , but if you are going to use it regularly and for extended time -LRB- like a trip to Disneyland -RRB- I think the next step up is worth the extra money .
 If you 're going to spend this much on an umbrella stroller , why not pay a little more to get something better . I was in love with all things Chicco , but now that has changed.The buckle is cheap , heavy duty plastic , poorly designed . I 've clipped my fingers numerous times -LRB- and it HURTS -RRB- , as well as my husband and father-in-law , being careful ! I am always in fear that it will clip my baby . I have to deal with it every single time I put him in , so it 's a major thing.The snap that locks the stroller closed when folded up is worse . It does n't close unless you put all your effort into it . I do n't even bother.And the wheels fold up on the canopy when you close it - dirtying it , no matter how hard you try to keep it clean.It 's the little things that make you wonder . Why did I pay so much for this ? Now I ca n't get anything else .
 I am very unhappy with this stroller . So many irritations , sigh , where do I begin ? First , I 'm only 5 ' 3 '' but my feet hit the wheels as I walk with it , so my 6 ' 3 '' husband has to baby-step it when he strolls it . Second , the shoulder straps barely adjust far enough to fit my son -LRB- who 's 22 months , 75th percentile -RRB- . The poor kid is squeezed in there , but even with the straps super tight he still manages to slip his arms right out , -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- . Third , the basket on the back is too small and difficult to get things in and out of . And lastly , and this is the kicker , it maneuvers horribly . Horribly !! I ca n't emphasize this last point enough . It 's really obnoxious trying to stroll this thing around . Yes , I hate it.We bought this sucker as a light weight , running-errands-in-the-car option . But if I could do it over again , I 'd either get one of those $ 20 jobs at Babies R Us , or I 'd throw down the extra $ 30 - $ 60 and get the low end Maclaren , -LRB- everyone I know who owns one raves about it -RRB- . We also have a BOB Revolution , -LRB- BOB Revolution SE Single Stroller , Black -RRB- , which is awesome , so perhaps my discontent with the Chicco Capri is a result of being spoiled by my wonderful , amazing , incredible BOB stroller . Either way , I would steer clear of this poorly designed , over-priced thing .
 Updated review
 Despite the advertising the seat only reclines a fraction of an inch . If reclining is not something you plan on doing , and that would be for an older child and not an infant , this would be a good stroller for you . I have a one year old grandson who needs to sleep and I had to return this stroller because it did n't allow him to do so.Chicco C6 Stroller Tangerinehttp : / / g-ecx . images-amazon . com/images/G / 01/ciu/f9 / e9/e56d419328a0db2d566fd110 . T.jpg
 We -LRB- My wife and I -RRB- want to like this stroller , but every time we use it we get back or neak pain becuase of the awkward way we have to push it to avoid kicking the wheels . If the handles were adjustable this would be a great stroller . As is do n't buy it if you are taller then 5 ' 6 '' !!
 I registered for this stroller based on all the favorable reviews it 's gotten , but after less than a year of using it I 'm shopping for a replacement . Why do I dislike it so ? Oh , let me count the ways.The sun canopy constantly falls off when folding and unfolding the stroller . It does n't adjust its angle well , so it 's useless anyway unless the sun is coming directly from in front or overhead.The cup holder comes off all the time as well . When it 's on , it tilts downward at an angle , so if you put a full cup in it , it inevitably spills while you 're walking.The under-carriage basket is small , and inaccessible when the seat is reclined -- which it does with a violent jerk , risking waking up a napping baby.The rain cover is too short and does n't cover even a young toddler 's feet . It 's also flimsy -- one of the snap tabs tore off the first time I used it.It can be folded with one hand if you do n't mind stooping all the way to the ground with it -- but there 's no way to unfold it with one hand , a distinct disadvantage when carrying a squirming baby.The straps get twisted around easily.And , finally , I find it slightly too short to push comfortably . I 'm a little tall , 5 ' 8 '' , but surely taller parents would have trouble with this .
 I was so excited when I ordered this stroller . I really liked it when I checked it out at the store . I could n't wait for it to arrive after I placed my order here at Amazon.What 's the problem ??? The CROTCH STRAP ! Too short for my 18mo old who is only 24lbs . She 's at 50th percentile in height and weight . And this stroller is supposed to be for 37 lb kids?I was very disappointed . So , I sent it back to Amazon . I wish they would fix the strap because I 'll be waiting to buy it .
 I called Chicco because what I bought vs what I tested in the store was not the same product . Per Chicco , new regulations required that they move the crotch strap to the middle of the seat late 2009 . The pictures you see online are NOT what it looks like now . Needless to say any normal size baby will end up sitting on the crotch strap , which is a problem but not the reason why I 'm rating it 1 star . Because it 's in the middle and the crotch strap is SHORT and NON-ADJUSTABLE , the plastic buckle digs into my 15 month thighs . Just note she 's 50 % weight and 50 % height on the growth charts - not a big baby . I do n't know if any baby over 9 months can comfortably sit in that stroller with the stap in the middle of the seat . Do not buy unless they change the harness system .
 Do n't listen to the advice of the woman in the video for this stroller . This stroller is not durable enough to be checked at the gate of an airplane . I know from experience ... . the handles broke off in transit and the frame bent . Note that most airlines will not cover cost of broken strollers . Its a check at your own risk . Maybe it was mishandled by the airline but there are better constructed strollers for airplane travel . Buyer Beware !
 It 's much stronger than any stroller from a dollar store but it 's terrible anyway . My back hurts from bending because the handles are too short and they do n't extend . I keep kicking the wheels and I am afraid I might trip if walking too fast -LRB- they are set apart rather narrowly -RRB- . It is difficult too buckle up , the middle strap 's -LRB- the one between legs -RRB- buckle is sitting way too low and I would add a remowable front bar to protect a child from falling out . Looking for a replacement and no , I do not recommend this product .
 Be prepared to kick the back wheels . I 'm only 5 ' 5 &#34; . Very disappointing . Also , you have to use your hand -LRB- s -RRB- to fold it .
 There are several good things about this stroller
 This is just a few of the MANY reasons I hate this thing .1 -RRB- I have to bend over really far to push it -LRB- I 'm only 5 ' 7 '' -RRB- 2 -RRB- My husband and I both kick the wheels constantly when pushing it3 -RRB- When it folds up the wheels touch the sun shade and it gets FILTHY dirty . Mine looked disgusting after using it for the first time .4 -RRB- It 's hard to steer5 -RRB- the storage basket is practically non-existant6 -RRB- The sun shade is a joke ... it blocks NO sun7 -RRB- My daughter seems uncomfortable in it ... she 's always fussy in it . She does n't fuss in her full size Graco stroller .8 -RRB- no cup holder for mommy or baby .9 -RRB- It only reclines an inch or two at best
 I debated which stroller to buy via online reviews and decided to just go to a big box store and take a look at them . The store only carried Maclaren , Jeep and Chicco -LRB- no UPPAbaby or Britax -RRB- . Here is what I found : I looked at the Maclaren Quest , Triumph and Volor , Jeep All-Weather Reclining Umbrella , Chicco C6 . I narrowed it down to the Quest and Triumph and ultimately picked the Triumph based on color = -RRB- Maclaren Quest Sport Stroller , Coffee/Sky BlueMaclaren Triumph Stroller , Charcoal/SilverMaclaren Quest and Triumph
 My son is 18 months old and well within the weight limits for the stroller . However , we have to struggle a lot each time to buckle him in . Main reason is that the crotch strap is very short , making it very tight to put in . There is no way to extend that strap and I do n't think I will be able to use this stroller for long.What a shame that a product , which otherwise is well made , has such a basic design flaw .
 The lap portion of the 5-point harness is well designed . The shoulder harness attachment scheme is very difficult to use and pinches fingers . The shoulder harness makes an otherwise OK stroller not worth buying !
 I am 5 ' 7 and the handles are too short for me . Also , when walking my feet always hit the stroller . The stroller does n't offer much of an option for laying down . It is lightweight and cute but for the money I would go with something different .
 I was looking for an umbrella stroller a little nicer than the usual 20 $ ones but did n't want an expensive one either . So I chose this and after using it for a couple weeks I wish I had chosen something different . My husband complains about the fact that the handles are n't tall enough so it does n't keep the stroller far enough away from him so he is constantly kicking the wheels . I am only 5 ' 7 and I kick the wheels when I am walking behind it to ! Its so frustrating ! And as far as getting it to fold down ... you either have to use your shoe -LRB- which is gon na end up being messed up -RRB- and use your hand -LRB- which you 're gon na end up pinching your finger -RRB- because its a pretty tough clasp ! It is however lightweight and does n't take up a whole lot of room but I just would have rather spent a little bit more money and gotten one I want to use after all my child is gon na be riding in this awhile !!!
 This stroller is lightweight , but it hurts my back . I either kick the wheels or lean forward and hurt my back . It is something about the placement of the handles , because I 'm only 5 ' 5 '' so I 'm not very tall . The underseat storage compartment is deceivingly small as well . I would not recommend this stroller .
 I have been using this stroller for a year as a full time nanny/baby planner , and I have never liked it . Here 's why : - Short handles
 My husband & I liked this stroller because it was affordable and would fold up nicely but when we started having problems with the harness system , we started looking for a new stroller . Our son is 14 months old and well within the weight limit for this stroller but the waist harness would not extend out any further and we could not adjust the crotch strap which would make the waist straps and buckle dig into his legs leaving marks . The major problem with the harness is that twice I have caught a small amount of his leg meat or my husband & I 's fingers in the clasp contraption because it is so limited in the space available to get him properly strapped in . I would have given this a 4 star if it were n't for the harness system and the way it was poorly designed .
 My son is 19 month old and 29 lb . We could barely buckle him in because the crotch strap is way too short and not adjustable . The manual claims the limit is 37 lb and 43 inches . I would like to see such a baby sitting in this stroller . We returned it immediately .
 Our son is 14 months . We received this as a gift a few months ago . The shoulder straps are extremely tight and difficult to adjust . My son was a premie and on the small side . We 're well-below the 37-pound limit that the product specifies . We can only latch on of the lap buckles.I e-mailed the company and asked how to adjust the straps and was told that due to safety standards the product may be non-user friendly to some users .
 The harness belts can only fit in a newborn baby , too short for my 6 months daughter . I would not recommend this stroller . There is no cup holder . The wheels are rough on the road .
 everyone talks about how uncomfortable the stroller is for them.what I 'd like to note is that it 's very uncomfortable for my 1 yr old as well . The seat does not go in enough to where he 's in a comfortable position . he always looks like he 's about to slide right down if not for the harness . even in the reclined position , he 's uncomfortable.i would also like to agree to the comment about the clasp being hard to latch . i too have pinched myself on more than one occassion .
 I really like this stroller for the looks , weight , and sturdiness , but we have one problem -- the fit !! The stroller is meant for 6 months and up . My daughter is 7 months old , and 70 % for height , 95 % for weight , but the stroller is still HUGE on her ! I have tried her in this each month for the last three . Currently , the straps are still so huge that the shoulders hit her ears , and if she bent her legs on the seat she would be able to maneuver herself to slide right out on the one side at the bottom . This is with each strap tightened as much as possible!We are looking forward to whenever we will be able to use this stroller , and hope that it will last for at least a little while for us !! I would recommend trying the fit for your baby in a store , before ordering this !!
 I picked this stroller because it was sturdy and I liked the print - I had the light green one with polka dots - but I almost immediately regretted the purchase . I am not tall - just over 5 ' 5 '' - and I kicked the wheels with almost every step unless I thought about it consciously and walked different . It drove me crazy . I just sold it on craigslist and am trying to find a Maclaren . The price is much more attractive than a Maclaren , but pushing it was so annoying that I had to get rid of it .
 Loved this stroller when we first got it . But unfortunately after using it only two months one of the wheels broke off and I ca n't find a replacement for it .
 DO N'T BUY THIS STROLLER if you are over 5 ' 2 inches !! Maybe this a great stroller ... but earlier today it gave me the scare of my life !!! When you are walking , if you are too tall -LRB- I am 5 ' 5 -RRB- your feet bump the wheels of the stroller . It does n't seem like a huge problem until the wheels make you trip up and fall ... which happened to me today . I watched in horror as I fell , the stroller kept moving toward the street going over the curb . Thank god it stopped right at the edge of the road and we live on a pretty quiet street . It 's just not worth the chance you might take by buying this.It might be great if you are shorter but as for me ... I will never , ever use it again .
 The stroller itself is decent for the price . It rides smoothly and has a 5 pt harness . However , it 's virtually impossible to steer with one hand . We 've had the stroller for 3 yrs with minimal use . The rubber footrest just broke and customer service said it can not be replaced since it is riveted on -- poorly designed .
 I agree with reviewers that had issues with the trim falling apart on first wash . I thought it was my washer , I started washing all baby 's clothes on delicate setting . I like the towel 's texture however . They could be better for the price .
 We were extremely disappointed with the poor quality of this hooded towel . Buying organic baby items was something we did without hesitation because we believe it is better for our daughter . The downside is usually the cost , and we were eager to find an organic hooded towel for such a low price . The reason why the price is so much less than other organic hooded towels is the terrible quality . The trim came off in several places after 2 washes , and the towel itself is unraveling in those areas . It 's also not nearly as absorbent as other hooded towels , which is frustrating when we are trying to get our daughter dry as quickly as possible after a bath.You get what you pay for ... do n't buy this towel !
 I wish I could give negative stars for this item . This company - Bumkins - touts their line of products as `` finer baby products . '' This is simply not the case . I wash everything I order before doing anything else with it and this towel fell apart immediately . The lovely satin trim promptly detached from the terry and I have a rag the same day as receiving a product I paid $ 25 for ! Simply unacceptable and I 'm irritated that I have to spend time and energy returning this junk . So disappointed .
 I was excited to try this organic towel for my newborn . Unfortunately , a 3 '' portion of the seam came apart after the first wash . We still use the towel as a back-up , but it 's definitely poor quality for the price .
 Of course we all want as much organic stuff as possible , but if you are going with this product , only order it if you know how to sew or have a friend who does.Fortunately , since I ca n't even make buttons stay on , my friend 's mother is repairing it for me.The seams came apart on the first wash . There was n't enough fabric sewn in for it to hold together ? I guess they were trying to be stingy with fabric.Received this as a gift , and would definitely not recommend it .
 This towel was soft at first , then got scratchy after multiple washings . My baby did n't seemed to mind it , but I got a different towel for her . The washcloths stayed soft , though .
 Unfortunately , these towels/wash cloths are pretty rough . Instead , try Under the Nile -LRB- from Giggle and others -RRB- , Sage Creek -LRB- Giggle , etc -RRB- , or for the softest ever bamboo towels -LRB- I got mine at Earthsake -RRB- .
 Within first four weeks of use , the towel ripped away from the satin trim . The look is nice but unfortunately the quality is not there .
 These liners appear to work at first , but do n't hold up to an overnight soaking . I recommend using Fuzzi Bunz liners instead . They really work well .
 TThis product is horrible they are not nearly thick enough i have to use up to three at a time for them to actually absorb anything Im very disappointed in this product and will never purchase them again
 Well , I expected a much more thicker and more absorbent products . This is just 2-ply . I have to insert 3-4 at once for my son .
 Not absorbing , I have to use at least 4 layers for my 2 year old and still leaking a little bit . After a few times wash , it becomes hard and not comfortable to touch .
 These are very thin and do n't absorb anything . I 'm not really sure what the point of them is ; I sometimes throw them in with my other liners just for a little `` extra '' absorbancy -LRB- like for overnight -RRB- ; but I 'm not convinced they do anything . They certainly have been useless for me when used alone ; I end up changing my son 's entire outfit every time he needs a diaper change .
 I purchased these when I was first being introduced to the cloth diapering world . Overall , I 'd say if you 're looking for something to minimize contact with messes , opt for a disposable liner -LRB- Amazon sells a great biodegradable , disposable liner -RRB- . Just because I have them , I use them if we 're leaving the house for a tad bit more absorbency in the prefolds . They certainly do n't act as doublers , they only avoid having to clean small messes ... not really beneficial for big blowouts .
 Just bought the kushies ultra diapers , cloth inserts , and disposable rolls . These inserts soak through and there really is no point in them . They 're supposed to give an extra layer of absorbency but they don `` t . If you 're looking for something that you can switch out and not have to change the diaper every time -LRB- keeps the diaper dry -RRB- , just get the gerber or carters cloth diapers and stick those inside folded , they absorb everything in these diapers ! you can cut them down to size as well , which is what i did . they 're only six bucks for a six pack at walmart .
 I ordered these because they claimed to be for `` heavy wetters '' hoping to put one in with our already sturdy inserts . They do n't work well at all . I would never recommend them to anyone .
 Unless you want something extra to rinse off after your little one poops , do n't bother buying these . They are too narrow for the BG 3.0 s that I use , so the poop spreads off the edges . I 've used two at a time overlapping eachother , and that helps . When my son eats more solids and his poo is n't so runny , they may be more useful . However , since I like the wicking properties of the liner in his BGs , I wo n't be using these anymore .
 I thought I 'd give them a try even if given bad comments and i was wrong ... they are too small and to thin . Waste of money !
 These diaper liners are too small for any normal size cloth diaper . They are cheap which is why I ordered them , but I should have known that you get what you pay for . Spend the extra money for the higher quality inserts . The thickness is fine , but the length is way too short , I would guarantee leaks with these liners .
 I do n't like it at all , I was looking for something absorbent and is not , is just a small and thin piece of cloth , but is you are looking for something to cover your diaper from poo it could be useful , but still small , or for a new born baby maybe , if you want something cheap but not absorbent get it , if not , is not worth the money !
 I guess I did n't check into these carefully enough . They are not liners but extra liners for Kushies AIO .
 These diaper doublers are paper thin . They absorb very little as they are 100 % cotton . I do n't really see the point in this product . It serves no purpose as a liner since its inefficiency to absorb -LRB- unlike microfiber -RRB- , and can not be used as a disposable/flushable liner.Also , these DO STAIN.It was given to us as a gift , and I am so sorry that money was wasted on this product .
 I exchanged my first tube of this because it was very runny and grainy , I assumed it was a bad batch or got exposed to heat during delivery . The second tube had the same problem so I returned it . The exchange and return were easy with Amazon . I ended up buying a third tube from my hospital where their sample was very creamy and smooth . However , the tube I bought had the same grainy texture as those from Amazon so I ca n't use it . I would n't recommend this stuff although dealing with amazon is no problem .
 I really think you have to try lots of different products and see what works for you . This one was grainy and just did n't give me a whole lot of relief . The stuff that worked for me was the Medela Tender Care and MotherLove . That said , to each her own ! This might work great on someone else .
 It looks great in the photo - but that does not tell the whole story . It fails to mention that the hood has to be attached when you receive it - and that it is attached with VELCRO . But that is not the biggest problem - the mattress did not fit snuggly in the basket - there was a sizable gap all the way around between the matress and the basket . No sleeping unit is safe for an infant unless the bedding all fits snuggly , the gap made this quite unsafe . I sent it back immediately ! The only reason this has one star is that they would n't give me the choice of NONE
 Got this as a shower gift from my mom . I 'd picked it out based on the info I derived from the internet , and returned it as soon as it came in the mail . Shoddy craftsmanship all around , from the flimsy material the basket itself is made from to the ill-fitting `` fitted '' sheet and the loose material and shoddy sewing on the bumper . In addition , I guess it 's buyer beware for things that are n't spelled out explicitly -- this Moses basket comes with a warning NOT to use the handles or even move the basket while the baby is inside . That 's specifically WHY I wanted a moses basket to begin with -- so that I could carry the basket from room to room without having to wake the baby up . Save yourself the hassle and skip this cheaply made basket . I was wondering why it was priced significantly lower than the other baskets -- now I know .
 I washed the bumper part of the basket by hand in cold water and now it does not fit properly . It is way too small and the walls buckle in ... this could suffocate my baby ... I do not recommend this product at all .
 I had bought this for a friend , when I received it I was extremely disappointed . The construction is poor , the basket is flimsy , it is very cheap looking and feeling . I 'd never trust it to put a baby inside and its not even worth it as a decoration .
 Just saw this in the store , reached for it happily - it 's a nice simple design compared to all the frilly bassinets - and then my smiles ended ... the basket itself is shoddy , not firm , and I would n't trust carrying it around with a load of laundry , never mind my baby ! I saw of the few places the bumper was tied to the basket that one was broken , and I pulled lightly on another tie - poof ! broke off . A newborn would have same strength , and you 'd find the newborn with the bumper pad over him/her . I thought the product was very dangerous , and it made me angry that such poor craftsmanship is being sold for newborns .
 I was disappointed by what I thought was flimsy construction when I received this basket . The bedding did n't fit properly , the sides of the basket were kind of flopping over , the handles hung into the basket and would always be in the way . It just did n't seem sturdy enough . The weaving joined right at the top rim of the basket and looked like it was coming apart . I could n't picture carrying my baby in it . My husband 's first comment when he took it out of the box was , `` Looks like it 's worth about $ 40 . '' I returned the item . I bought a hoohobbers basket and loved it - worth the extra money .
 i was very disappointed when this basket arrived all bent out of shape . i tried straightening it out by hanging it with some weight in it , but the sides simply would n't stay up . canopy part velcros onto basket , but it does not stay on well since the curves do n't match up . it is not well made .
 Everything about this basket is cheap :1 -RRB- the sheet and gingham bedding are all polyester2 -RRB- the matress pad in combination with the synthetic bedding made my baby wake up drenched in sweat regardless of how much or little clothing she had on . this happened even when we covered the pad with a cotton sheet .3 -RRB- the basket comes with a warning to `` never carry the basket by the handles when the baby is inside '' - why the heck would anybody want a basket they can not carry safely ?!!! 4 -RRB- on the first wash of the bedding little ribbons came apart and got tangled in the rest of the laundry . In addition , the huge partially paper tag also came apart and I had to remove residue from the laundry bit by bit . When I called the company they graciously replaced the bedding for free as they knew they had a problem . They also suggested to dip the ends of the ribbons in clear nail polish so that they do n't come apart in the laundry . this is unacceptable as a long term solution .5 -RRB- the wicker is extremely scratchy - if you were tempted to leave the baby without the bedding.Despite the company efforts to make good on the product - I would not recommend this for any baby .
 This basket looks so sweet and nice in the picture , but when I pulled it out of the box I could n't believe that the hood was attached with VELCRO !! I was SOOOOOOO disappointed . I ca n't believe it does n't clearly state that in the description and no other reviewer thought to mention it ! The velcro completely ruins what would have been an otherwise perfect basket . So , if you do n't mind cheap , tacky-looking velcro , then this basket is okay -LRB- for the price -RRB- .
 I bought one moses basket , and then had to order another one due to a quality defect , and they both ended up getting returned . On the side of the basket , where the handles are located , the basket was either poorly wrapped or was n't wrapped at all and the sharp basket material stuck out . I was bummed that I had to pay for shipping for both items and then had to return them as well . I really liked the idea of having a removable top piece but I would shop around for other baskets before purchasing this one .
 As soon as i opened the box , I could tell it was badly made and did not fit my need to be sturdy as I wanted to take it along our house .
 I was so excited to get this cute basket . I actually got it for my birthday before my LO was born . I used it once because my daughter loves to be held . When she does need to be put down she prefers something softer and where she can actually look around . This offers no view of anything and it 's very floppy . I envisioned myself carting my baby around with it but definitely not .
 Since it 's so inexpensive , I would recommend it to a friend . However , I would warn them that the liner has this giant stupid tag that you need to remove , but when you try to remove it , it will leave a big tear on the liner .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0003008A4/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI had trouble even giving this a full star . What a piece of garbage ! The hood did not stay in place with the velcro and the bedding looked so dirty . Unfortunately , I now had no time to shop for something else for a shower , so I asked a friend if she could help me . we lined it with a beautiful material and looped bows thru the basket and the hood to keep it in place . It looked fabulous , but cost me another $ 50 , but i would have been much too embarrassed to present the original basket as a gift . look elsewhere if you are looking for a basket .
 I bought this on sale for $ 29.99 after reading reviews stating that it was much nicer than the other brands available that were flimsy and used Velcro on the hoods . I thought this meant that neither were a problem with this particular basket , but boy was I wrong . The mattress was thrown in the basket crooked and by the time I received it the basket was completely misshapen and unstable even for a doll . The hood attached with Velcro and had been pushed flat inside the basket so it would n't even stay on when I attempted to attach it . The entire thing was very cheap and not even worth $ 10 let alone the $ 60 it costs at full price . I 'm sure I just got a bad apple with the misshapen basket , but that still does n't make up for the shoddy construction and cheap materials used .
 I registered for this bassinet and the jolly jumper rocker to go with it . Do n't do it ! The bassinet is not good quality . The wicker is broken in several areas and does not fit in the jolly jumper rocker base well . It fits , but its quite loose and I do n't find it safe at all . OVerall I am pretty disappointed with the basket and rocker base .
 I agree with reviewers that had issues with the trim falling apart on first wash . I thought it was my washer , I started washing all baby 's clothes on delicate setting . I like the towel 's texture however . They could be better for the price .
 We were extremely disappointed with the poor quality of this hooded towel . Buying organic baby items was something we did without hesitation because we believe it is better for our daughter . The downside is usually the cost , and we were eager to find an organic hooded towel for such a low price . The reason why the price is so much less than other organic hooded towels is the terrible quality . The trim came off in several places after 2 washes , and the towel itself is unraveling in those areas . It 's also not nearly as absorbent as other hooded towels , which is frustrating when we are trying to get our daughter dry as quickly as possible after a bath.You get what you pay for ... do n't buy this towel !
 I wish I could give negative stars for this item . This company - Bumkins - touts their line of products as `` finer baby products . '' This is simply not the case . I wash everything I order before doing anything else with it and this towel fell apart immediately . The lovely satin trim promptly detached from the terry and I have a rag the same day as receiving a product I paid $ 25 for ! Simply unacceptable and I 'm irritated that I have to spend time and energy returning this junk . So disappointed .
 I was excited to try this organic towel for my newborn . Unfortunately , a 3 '' portion of the seam came apart after the first wash . We still use the towel as a back-up , but it 's definitely poor quality for the price .
 Of course we all want as much organic stuff as possible , but if you are going with this product , only order it if you know how to sew or have a friend who does.Fortunately , since I ca n't even make buttons stay on , my friend 's mother is repairing it for me.The seams came apart on the first wash . There was n't enough fabric sewn in for it to hold together ? I guess they were trying to be stingy with fabric.Received this as a gift , and would definitely not recommend it .
 This towel was soft at first , then got scratchy after multiple washings . My baby did n't seemed to mind it , but I got a different towel for her . The washcloths stayed soft , though .
 Unfortunately , these towels/wash cloths are pretty rough . Instead , try Under the Nile -LRB- from Giggle and others -RRB- , Sage Creek -LRB- Giggle , etc -RRB- , or for the softest ever bamboo towels -LRB- I got mine at Earthsake -RRB- .
 Within first four weeks of use , the towel ripped away from the satin trim . The look is nice but unfortunately the quality is not there .
 This chair would get a 5 star rating for design and use -LRB- both aesthetically , and mechanically -RRB- . However , even after receiving a new pneumatic lift from Boon , the chair still will NOT lift up without my holding down the `` orange button '' , and pulling up with both hands.And now , after only 3 months or so , the wheels from the bottom are popping off -LRB- I use my high chair on carpet -RRB- . Before finding an actual wheel , I had found small metal balls on my carpet ; and was clueless as to where they were coming from . Now I realize that they where ball bearings from the wheels.The quality and functionally of this chair makes me give it one star . It simply does n't work . Next on my list is getting it fixed , or getting my money back . It pains me to write this review , because Boon is one of the few companies I normally buy products blindly from .
 When I received this chair I was so disappointed . The reviews said the tray was small however I did not realize it would be so small that I could not fit a small bowl and a sippy cup on it . The plates I purchased for my son did not fit on it at all . The lift did not work well . I had to really push it hard for it to go down and pull for it to come up . the brake does not work if you have hard wood floors . It does n't lock the wheels so the chair can still move freely . It is very cute . my son looked adorable in it but for the $ $ I want a chair I will be able to use for a long time . ************ pay attention to the return policy ! I returned this item 3 weeks ago and still do n't have my $ $ . They say it can take 4 weeks ! ***************
 This chair looks great !!! Beautiful design !!! Cleans easily !!! However , the pedestal design means that the chair has a super-high center of gravity and the chair moves when he does . Add the poor brake mechanism , and our baby -LRB- 9months -RRB- slams himself into the back of the chair , or side to side , rythmically `` walking '' the chair across the room , and making lots of noise . Because this is more fun for him than eating , mealtime has become a chore.He 's doing it right now . A chair with four solid legs will not move around like this one . I just took him out of the chair and threw the chair out the back door.Unless your baby does n't move a muscle while eating , DO NOT buy this chair at any price .
 I am a design junkie and bought this chair because it is one of the few out there that actually looks good in my contemporary kitchen . However , I have owned the high chair for less than a year and two of the wheels under the base have broken off . And they are broken in a way that can not be repaired . We have not by any means abused this chair -- it has only been rolled about 6ft at a time and only by an adult . With two of the wheels broken off , the chair wo n't roll at all without scratching my floor . And it is lopsided , wobbling back and forth on the base when my 14-month old sits in it . Furthermore , I think it is harder to clean than some of these reviews suggest . The white foam seat cushion stains with spaghetti sauce and the stains do n't come out .
 We have had this for about 6 months now . We love the looks and the fact that it is easy to clean . However , everything else seems to be a problem . The break does not work well on hardwood floors . I called up Boon customer service and they were of no help . Last week , the brake wheel came off . Also , I feel there is not enough room between my child and the tray . There are two different settings for locking the tray in place , however , even on the farthest setting , the tray pushes against her tummy .
 This high chair looks cool , but that is about the best part of it . It is horribly uncomfortable because it doesnt recline , my child screamed when I put her in it . The idea is terrific , the whole easy to clean and push a button to raise it but not comfortable at all . Returned it right after i put it together .
 I think the LATCH system is great - when it works correctly . These straps were very difficult to get attached - the red release should make them easier to use , but I found they made it more difficult than a standard hook -LRB- like the Evenflo model -RRB- . And the buckles would not lie flat - they were always twisted which made tightening very difficult . I wound up returning and getting a different brand . Maybe it was just our car and seat combo that made it hard , but I do n't think so .
 I just had a baby July , so our infant seat did not come with latch , so when I saw this product I was thrilled . However my mood was greatly changed when I tried to use this product . I own new Sabb 93 , 2001 , and this product did not work in my car . The latch , latched onto my car wounderfully , but when it came to getting it tight enough to scure the base of the infant seat , it FAILED !!!! My base is more scure with the seat belt ! I belive this product needs more work !
 I tried using this product with 4 different seats . I have been trained to install seats and could not get the seat installed tight enough . The instructions say that the clips are to lie flat but it is impossible to do that when they are clipped in . The belt in that position does not pull tight enough . DO NOT USE IT ! IT IS NOT SAFE ! I ended up having to use my seatbelt even with my new car LATCH system . IT STINKS !
 I bought this diaper bag because I loved the pattern and it got good reviews . There are some great things about the bag - there are lots of compartments for little things like pacifiers , diaper cream , bottles , etc. , the wide strap is really comfortable , and the detachable changing pad are all nice features . But what I do n't like about the bag is that it has no structure , so the middle part tends to `` balloon '' outwards . The most frustrating thing about it is the zipper . The zipper is n't connected at one end , so when you unzip it , the whole zipper becomes disconencted . Additionally , after 1 month of use , the zipper stopped working altogether - when I would zip it , the zipper would come undone in the middle and then open up completely . So I 'm now walking around with a diaper bag that is always open . Granted , it may be that I have a defective zipper , but I 'd think that for $ 130 , the bag would come with a more heavy-duty zipper on it .
 It 's a cute bag but nothing special . I should have just bought a cheaper one at Target or something . There is no structure to the bag and does not have the kind of compartments I need to keep my diaper bag stuff organized .
 I am sure that I would like the messenger bag , if that is what I received . Instead , I received the the Bumble Bags tote bag two times , despite my clarification with the returns customer service . If you want the messenger bag , order from a different service .
 My son also rips these right off the table . He is almost 11 months old so hopefully he will do better with them when he is older -LRB- fortunately I only bought the 20 pack -RRB- . This is a great idea in theory but for my curious son it is not practical . I am back to using my antibacterial wipes to clean the table off which is the only effective method that I have found so far.Update
 This product was great when my daughter was between 6 months and 12 months old . But now that she 's 13 months , she would rather pull the topper up and play with it . My husband keeps one hand one side of it and I keep my hand on the other side of it while we 're eating - otherwise she pulls them off -LRB- sometimes she still manages to do so -RRB- . I agree with other comments that it would be better if the sticky stuff were on all four sides , not just the top and the bottom . I have found that at this point , the topper is useless for us .
 I purchased these mats for my 12 month old son because I 'm a germophobe & these sounded like a great idea for eating out . However , they barely stick to any surface we 've tried . My son gets so excited with the bright colors , he rips them off in 1 second flat . And forget trying to re-stick them to the table . I emailed Neat Solutions who makes them , suggesting they use stronger adhesive , put it around all 4 sides , & take the adhesive to the edges so that little fingers ca n't get under them & yank them up . Their response to me was to make sure I laid the mat flat & pressed on the adhesive ! -LRB- Duh , no kidding ! -RRB- They also said that `` even though others have suggested the same thing , that it is n't cost-effective for them to use stronger or more adhesive at this time '' !! Since they have no intention of improving this product , I have no intention of ever purchasing it again or recommending it .
 I loved the idea of this for my very curious 10 month old baby boy . He is very independent and loves to feed himself . I do n't really like the idea of him eating off of a high chair that countless other children have used , so I bought these table toppers . What a waste of money . He immediatly tore it off of the table and threw it on the floor . I had it tight with no bubbles to draw extra attention , but he 's not easily fooled . I wish that someone would come up with something that ca n't be torn off so easily .
 I had heard wonderful things about the Table Topper , but my 7 month old daughter rips these off the table in seconds !!!! There is no adhesive on the sides ... which would be very helpful . I will not be purchasing these again .
 I am a busser in a very popular , high traffic restaurant and I see quite a bit of parents use the things . i have to say , nothing frustrates me more than trying to remove these things from the table top . I know this just sounds like an aggravated rant , but over half of the tables at the restaurant have one or more square residue outlines left from the sticky side of these place-mats . These marks are n't only frustrating for the restaurant staff , but are also unsightly for the guests of the restaurant . I know that this review wont matter to most who read it , but please , before you buy this , try to be conscientious of the restaurant and the table you 're about to ruin .
 My 8 month old figured out how to rip it off the table in 2 seconds flat -LRB- no matter how much time I spent trying to secure it before she got to it -RRB- . She loves the pictures and loves to rip it off the table but it does n't do much for protecting her from germs .
 I agree with reviewers that had issues with the trim falling apart on first wash . I thought it was my washer , I started washing all baby 's clothes on delicate setting . I like the towel 's texture however . They could be better for the price .
 We were extremely disappointed with the poor quality of this hooded towel . Buying organic baby items was something we did without hesitation because we believe it is better for our daughter . The downside is usually the cost , and we were eager to find an organic hooded towel for such a low price . The reason why the price is so much less than other organic hooded towels is the terrible quality . The trim came off in several places after 2 washes , and the towel itself is unraveling in those areas . It 's also not nearly as absorbent as other hooded towels , which is frustrating when we are trying to get our daughter dry as quickly as possible after a bath.You get what you pay for ... do n't buy this towel !
 I wish I could give negative stars for this item . This company - Bumkins - touts their line of products as `` finer baby products . '' This is simply not the case . I wash everything I order before doing anything else with it and this towel fell apart immediately . The lovely satin trim promptly detached from the terry and I have a rag the same day as receiving a product I paid $ 25 for ! Simply unacceptable and I 'm irritated that I have to spend time and energy returning this junk . So disappointed .
 I was excited to try this organic towel for my newborn . Unfortunately , a 3 '' portion of the seam came apart after the first wash . We still use the towel as a back-up , but it 's definitely poor quality for the price .
 Of course we all want as much organic stuff as possible , but if you are going with this product , only order it if you know how to sew or have a friend who does.Fortunately , since I ca n't even make buttons stay on , my friend 's mother is repairing it for me.The seams came apart on the first wash . There was n't enough fabric sewn in for it to hold together ? I guess they were trying to be stingy with fabric.Received this as a gift , and would definitely not recommend it .
 This towel was soft at first , then got scratchy after multiple washings . My baby did n't seemed to mind it , but I got a different towel for her . The washcloths stayed soft , though .
 Unfortunately , these towels/wash cloths are pretty rough . Instead , try Under the Nile -LRB- from Giggle and others -RRB- , Sage Creek -LRB- Giggle , etc -RRB- , or for the softest ever bamboo towels -LRB- I got mine at Earthsake -RRB- .
 Within first four weeks of use , the towel ripped away from the satin trim . The look is nice but unfortunately the quality is not there .
 Took thick between doors - we bought Kidco product instead . We like these more because they are clear but maybe just work on sliding outside doors and we needed for interior passthrough and bi-fold doors , which they are too thick for .
 This lock was junk . It broke the first time I slid the door open , do n't waste you money or get a false sense of security .
 ... although , I wish there was some way for them to simply send me the missing bits.I gave the item two stars because I did n't give it a chance to prove itself . The problems I had might be due to the seller -LRB- SCS Collectibles , Inc -RRB- , rather than the product .1 -RRB- Product descriptions says `` 2 pack '' and I received one item2 -RRB- Product is in a ziplock bag ; I do n't need formal packaging , but I do need instructions and adhesive . Even if I use my own adhesive , I do n't want to ruin the product or my doors by guessing incorrectly on how to install or use . -LRB- I know it should n't be rocket science , but at least one person thinks s/he installed it upside down . Instructions , or even a diagram , would be appreciated . -RRB- FYI
 The unit arrived damaged , and I suspect the damage was not shipping-related -LRB- i.e. from the factory , whose QC group released it anyway -RRB- . The three trim pieces attached to the front of the table arrived separated from the triangle-shaped shelves , due to poor glue/staples . The unit is almost entirely particle board , and is of very poor quality . Properly assembled by one who is mechanically inclined , this unit was still wobbly . Quite simply , it looks cheap . Avoid .
 After researching a bunch of changing tables we picked this one . I liked that it can go in the corner and the baby faces you when you 're changing diapers . It turned out to be very disappointing . This changing table is VERY wobbly . I do not feel safe putting our baby on it - we 're taking it back to the store . Also ... some pieces were damaged when we took them out of the box . Do n't waste your time on this table .
 Low quality work , the finish is not as nice as it looks in the website photo . The changing pad shape is non standard so you better take this into account because buying another pad or a cover is very hard -LRB- if not impossible -RRB- . The pad that comes with the table is very cheap , I would not recommend using it . We ended up returning it .
 I received my changing table today and I put it together - it was very easy and no problem for someone in her 9th month of pregnancy . I got all the parts and I was pleasantly surprised by the sturdiness of the table . However , the second and third shelves of my table are not as shown on the picture . The shelves have a rectangular shape and do not reach all the way into the corner , so things can fall off in the space behind the table . The inconsistency is even in the assembly instructions - the front picture matches the one here , but the part description shows rectangular second and third shelves . So I called their customer service and they told me that the product was changed and I can return it if I would like . Very poor answer ... They gave me the number to their corporate office , which was answered by a generic message . -LRB- I left a VM . -RRB- I do not like being misled in this way and I was expecting to get new shelves mailed to me .
 I was very excited to get this changing table and reading the mostly positive reviews I was thinking what could be so bad about trying it ? Well , that answer came quickly once I received this piece of garbage . It was packaged nicely and that 's about the end of my positive points . Once I opened the box and took everything out to take an inventory of everything , I realized a third of the table -LRB- the right `` triangle '' of the table -RRB- was completely missing from the picture AND the instructions even show JUST the middle piece and left triangle part so the manufacturer knows that it 's not selling what is pictured ! To make matters worse , I was shipped TWO left sides of the middle piece so I could n't even assemble the changing table no matter which way I rotated or flipped the sides . I 'm not picky when it comes to Ikea-like DIY furniture , but seriously ? Selling a product and blatantly only giving your customer 2/3 of what 's pictured AND to even mess that 2/3 up by shipping something that ca n't even be assembled ?! If you 're desperate for a nice changing table , STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT or you 'll end up with wasted time and effort and a feeling of being extorted .
 We used this chain pretty heavily for about 3 months . However , after repeated washing , the wood has started to split and crack and it can no longer be used .
 We bought two of these for our home . I wish we had n't wasted our money . Had to buy better ones to replace these . I agree with the other reviewer that if you tighten it too much , the you have problems with the latch opening and closing properly , but if you loosen it slightly , the whole thing can be pushed by yourself or a curious toddler . Not to mention what I consider the worst defect - there is a frame of wood at the bottom that you have to step over each time you cross the gate . Everyone who has been to our house has tripped over this at some point . I have tripped carrying my baby and have almost lost platefuls of food . My 16 month old trips over it when I do let her out of the room . You 're better off getting a gate that is either hardware mounted or does n't have a bottom frame .
 We bought this gate and loved it at first until it broke , the wood split on a seem that was n't glued together properly at the factory . So we returned that one a got another , well the latched just snapped and broke into a whole bunch of pieces so we brought that one back . The third one broke the same way the first one did , we wo n't be getting another . This gate is a piece of junk and not worth the money . It ca n't handle kids hanging on it the way kids do . Is n't that the whole purpose of a child safety gate ? To keep your little ones out of a place that you do n't want them and they are going to be on the other side of the gate trying to get in . I would n't NOT buy the wood one again , maybe we can try the metal one with better results .
 This gate looked like a perfect solution from the picture on the box . However , there are definitely some things that need to be disclosed . See those black hinges ? That 's not metal . It 's plastic ... very cheap and flimsy plastic at that . The gate locks in place at the top and bottom , however , because the plastic hingest are flimsy , the top part may unlock and move outward while the bottom point is still locked in . This can be somewhat dangerous so you really have to make sure that both points are open . Another thing to keep in mind is that the text on the box advertises that the gate expands to 40.5 '' . It also says that two extensions are included so there 's nothing extra to buy . Well , keep in mind that the base width of 40.5 '' does include the two extensions.After buying this , I also purchased the First Years Hands-Free Gate which turned out to be a very solid and well-made product . Check that one out instead . I 'm considering buying a second First Years gate to replace this one altogether .
 This gate does look very nice and matches our golden oak woodwork in our home . That 's probably the only plus I can give it . When it is pressure mounted tight enough to not slip along the wall , then it 's too tight to close and lock by itself as it is supposed to . It also makes a very loud click when it does close . When it 's loose enough to close itself , then it 's too loose and slips back and forth along the wall . Even when it does close , the bottom is not secure and and moves back and forth when pressed upon . Not an item that I 'd ever recommend .
 Yes , the wood finish is nice . It would have looked great in our home . But it 's flimsy and not stable at all . You can extend the screws up to 3 '' on each side ... at 21/4 '' it is very unstable and would never hold back a child .
 The locks were defective . The door partially opened - enough so I started to walk forward , but then the bottom locks did not release so the door snapped back at me and caused me to fall forward , over the gate , with my hands still holding the swinging door -LRB- and therefore unable to break my fall -RRB- . I fell on my face on a hard floor and had to have stitches and $ $ $ dental work . It was horrible , just glad I was n't holding my baby when it happened . If you own this gate and the locks do n't seem to release properly BE CAREFUL !!!!
 I bought this product and paid the expensive next day delivery which is almost as expensive as the product itself . It was very disappointing to receive the product and see that 's defective , the door does n't close and the parts do n't even fit together . Maybe this one missed the quality check , now I have to put the time that I do n't have and the effort and send it back
 I bought this gate because it seemed sturdy and was nicer looking than most . Within 6 months , the main part of the gate fell apart and the pieces that hold it to the frame snapped . Had it been at the top of the steps instead of in the kitchen , my daughter would have fallen down the steps . Please do not waste your money on this gate .
 I agree with most of the other reviewers . If you tighten it too much the latch does n't work , if you loosen it then it falls down . People regularly trip over the bar at the bottom . Because it has fallen down several times it has marked up our walls quite a bit . I originally bought three and I have taken them all back.It is as if they created this product but never tested it .
 The gate really does look nice . That 's about it , though . The quality is very poor and the hinges are made of very cheap and flimsy black plastic . Because of this , it 's easy to open the gate and not realize the bottom portion is still `` locked in '' . This is because the plastic hinges are so flimsy that the gate door can kind of `` twist '' so that the top portion moves outward a good distance while the bottom portion is still closed . Also , the description is n't very clear -LRB- nor are the details on the box -RRB- about the extensions . The gate 's advertised maximum width of 40.5 '' includes the extensions.If you want a similar design with a far better build quality , get the First Years Hands Free Gate instead .
 I 've gone through 3 of these gates because I like the look , but have finally resolved that they 're just not going to function like I want them to function . The first one I had -LRB- purchased a few years ago -RRB- worked WONDERFULLY , unfortunately , a little mishap left it broken -LRB- ca n't blame the construction of the gate for that one though -RRB- and I had to replace it . I bought the same gate , but the design had changed slightly since my initial purchase . This one worked OK , not as well as the first one , but I did n't have any MAJOR complaints . My 80 pound labrador went barreling through this one though and left it broken as well . . so ... third time 's a charm right ! I bought another one , and had this one I have now been the first one ... I would have NEVER re-purchased . To give it enough tension to stay `` stuck '' in the doorway , it then makes it VERY difficult to open and close and it will definitely not swing itself closed this way -LRB- like my wonderful first one did -RRB- . If you leave it loose enough to let it swing shut by itself , your toddler or your dog can knock it right over .
 This gate was made about 2 inches out of square , it would not close or latch , and would not fit properly in a doorway . At first I thought it had been damaged during shipping , but it was just made improperly . I would not recommend this product . I saw where someone else had this problem too , and I thought I would take a chance , since I liked the color and style , but no luck .
 This swing gets one star because it 's easy to fold up and store . That 's it . We loved it when we first got it . Then we discovered that it went through 4 D batteries EVERY WEEK . We used it anyway , and paid out our ears for batteries for a couple of months . Then , after about 2 months of use , it started slowing down . A week later it would n't go at all . Now it sits in our storage room while I think evil thoughts about sending it to the dump . It 's a classy LOOKING swing , but a piece of crap . I 'm still mad that I spent $ 100 on that useless thing . It 's been almost a year and a half since we got it.But who knows ? Maybe ours was just a faulty one . Or maybe they all just suck . Not a risk I 'm ever going to take again . Seriously , do n't buy it . If your experience is anything like ours , you 'll regret it for the rest of your life . : -RRB-
 I did not like this product . I ca n't believe you have to watch a DVD to use it . Also , why does n't it come folded so you do n't have to watch the DVD . My 9 lb son does not fit that well in it and cried the whole time once I finally got him in it . I am really disappointed . And I do n't have TIME to watch a DVD .
 I bought the hotsling in Zoie print -LRB- size 5 -RRB- after hearing all the great reviews from other mothers . When I got it I found it very confusing to figure out , and had the worst time trying to get her in it ! When I did , I could never get it quite right even though I did as the instructions said . As soon as she was in , she would start moving around trying to get out . I never felt comfertable with her in it , being that she was moving so much and would start screaming pretty much right away ! If you are to get one , make sure you go somewhere that you can try them on with your baby to make sure you know how to use it correctly and that your baby likes it . I wish I had done this beucase I would never had bought one .
 I received this as a gift and am not able to use it . The size seemed correct but I had n't purchased one before so I guess I was wrong . There is n't room in here for much more than me , so not sure how people are getting an infant in there as well.Can ' t return it b/c it is a gift and the seller is n't amazon . I would need to contact the gift giver and have them return it . What a hassle.For sure not what I was looking for when I made a baby registry on Amazon .
 I attempted to use this , but it 's just not going to be possible . My baby hates it . He 's usually happy and care-free , until I try to put him in this . He screams . It seems way too small , yet I got the right size . It seems dangerous on the head to me as well . We do n't like it , , he actually hates it . Dissapointed with this purchase .
 Some teacher at a Montessori school recommended this , so my mother thought it was great . Did nothing but put my little brother to sleep . It sure cost a lot too . Better ways to teach your baby stuff . If you have some imagination .
 This potty is OK . We have a girl and I guess it would n't work for a boy . We got it because it was inexpensive and she did n't need a fancy one . She does n't seem to mind using it . She does start to tip it though when she gets excited .
 My daughter did not like this potty seat . I didnt really like this potty seat ! Nothing was wrong with the seat . It just didnt have all the features I would have liked .
 I bought this one only to use the seat ON the toilet . Its a true pain . Terrible for my boy . It he sits on it and will pee IN the toilet half the time he pees all over the place because the guard is connected to the insert . Who want to clean that all the time ? Also once we took in apart we could never get in back together . Yep I am on here looking for a new one too ... I heard the baby bjorn seat is great , and I have the baby bjorn little potty and that was super too !
 We bought this for my daughter . It was terrible from the start . The top kept seperating from the bottom ALL THE TIME . Then , the tabs just broke so now it will not stay on at all . We have a standard toilet yet the top does not sit on the toilet very well at all . We got it cause it was cheap and they did n't disapoint us on that part .
 We bought this potty trying to save money , and we regretted it ! The gap between the seat and the base pinched my son when he sat down on it , and he did n't want to use the potty any more because it hurt.Also , because of that gap , pee tends to get down in the base and make a yucky mess.The potty comes apart too easily , and I 'm always worried that the top will separate from the bottom while my son is sitting on it.Moreover , the splash guard does n't go up high enough , so he frequently pees on the floor.We 're buying a Baby Bjorn .
 It does n't stay together , and is a complete waste of money . If Amazon allowed for a zero star , this would qualify .
 Top does n't stay on the bottom and will seperate when the baby is trying to sit down . The top got lost and I havent even bothered to look for it . I just went to Target and bought a new and much better potty .
 My son put the middle part on his head wearing it as a hat ... cute at first until he pulled it over his head and it would n't come off ! We had to use hedge clippers to cut it off !
 Like the other poster , this has not worked for our son -LRB- that 's why I 'm on Amazon , trying to buy a different one -RRB- . I do disagree with the other review that says it 's stable . Our son has tipped it over a number of times , just pushing himself straight up with his hands on the sides.For us it was a cheap emergency solution that we picked up at a local Walmart . But now we 're ready for something that will contain him and will not tip over .
 I got one of these for my son back when I first tried to potty train him . I could n't believe what a piece of garbage it was once he had put his bare bottom on it -LRB- thus I did n't think returning it seemed quite right -RRB- . How is any kid over 18 months supposed to fit all the required parts over this tiny hole ? I do n't think even a girl could keep her various parts on it at once , and any parent who 's been there knows that they frequently pee while trying to poo , so there you are . I ended up tossing the top and keeping the step stool for use with the potty seat I went and bought to fit on the toilet instead . We still have the step stool , in fact , and I intend to pick up a baby bjorn seat for our youngest to use with it .
 The picture is misleading - the system DOES NOT include the electric mechanism for the pump which is featured prominently on the photo . I ended up buying two of the same manual item , because I already had the pump and just needed the electric motor . Returning the item was not allowed because of its ` personal nature ' ; however , this restriction only applies to opened boxes , and mine was unopened , and the factory seal was intact , making the product returnable elsewhere . HereI had to take the matter up with my credit card company . 100 % unreturnable items are not a good option online , especially when there is a discrepancy between what is advertised and what you get , because you might be stuck with a product you did not intend to buy .
 Bought this laminated baby bag from seller . Bought product as new . The bag included a changing pad prepackaged and placed within baby bag . When we opened the changing pad there were blood and fecal stains ! Yuck . This is a biohazard . Went to return bag for a replacement and seller/amazon will not allow replacement . That is okay , will return and get refund ... not sure what else we would find if we got another bag from this seller .
 Many lists rate this as a safe sunscreen , but read the ingredients before you buy it . It contains parabens , which I definitely do n't want on my baby .
 Not sure why this product rates so high . I purchased some for a bike ride and got bad sunburns . When I called CS , they said the product does n't work with with sweat . Unfortunately sweat was n't a characteristic of this bike ride -LRB- average speed 20 + mph over the 3 days -RRB- . On a completely different issue - > there is a lot of concern of TiO2 containing products . Depending on the form of TiO2 used -LRB- rutile , anatase -RRB- , UV energy can actually be absorbed and offloading onto the skin , causing more damage . I would recommend sticking to pure ZnO2 formulations that do n't suffer from this issue -LRB- there are many , Badger , ThinkStrong ... -RRB-
 If this was not a `` peel & stick '' product I would have rated it much higher . We tried over and over to get this to stick to the wall and it just refused . We did scrub the walls quite thoroughly before even attempting it but I really do n't think it mattered . We even tried it in a room that we had just painted with no luck . My wife ended up using mod podge to get it to stick . Anyway , if you buy it with the intent of gluing it or using mod podge like we did , then it 's a great deal and a great border .
 My husband and I were EXTREMELY disappointed in this product . This product was supposed to be Peel-N-Stick ... it certainly did Peel -LRB- TEMPORARILY -RRB- but DID NOT STICK . My husband had called and the manufacturer to say how easily it came off and they said that possibly the cool-mist humidifier we had used that caused them not to stay . But we have other Peel-N-Stick products in another room and everything was fine when the same humidifier was used.We love Curious George and were sad they did n't work.Life 's been crazy with the holidays , and we actually want to send the 2 we did n't open yet back.SharonElk Grove , CA
 I bought this because it looked so comfy , but my husband and I took the car seat to our local fire station to make sure we had installed it correctly and were told that these were not recommended because they interfere with the harness . The kind that go completely over the carriers are recommended . We returned ours . Safety first .
 I bought several versions of the Bundle Me only to find out today that they should not be used because they go under the baby and interfere with the way the safety straps fit ! I am so frustrated by this ! Why are they allowed to sell products that are not safe ??? We took our car seat to the Katie Cares Safety Check today and they took all of the accessories off . We had a neck support cozy on the seat as well that they said was also unsafe . Save your money and buy a version that goes OVER the seat and baby , not under ... Kidopotomus makes one .
 I got this for my baby shower for my 2nd baby girl who is now 6 months old . She was born in September . I put this on her infant seat as soon as it got very cold . She was such a good baby but when I put her in the car she would scream and cry . I thought she hated being in the car intill my sister was riding with me and was trying to calm her down and said she is hot and I did not have the bundle top on it so she was just sitting on it . I decided to take it off and try to see if that was the problem and sure enough to this day she loves the car . If you are going outside on a cold day this is great but in the car it gets way to hot for them . : -RRB-
 This item can re-route the harness straps on your carseat , causing extra slack . It is also bulky , which in itself adds slack . If you feel that you need a cover other than blankets over your infant 's carseat , PLEASE get one that just goes over the baby , not under.Also , the baby in the picture is much too tall for an infant carrier .
 Edited to add ~ I came across one of these -LRB- they 're actually made in my state ~ I put it -LRB- Bundle Me Big -RRB- in my daughter 's Britax seat and I did n't like how it pinched the shoulder harness and pulled them out wider than they should be . So I cut out a section of the back so there 's nothing behind her back and we 're good to go ~ I 'll try posting a foto of what I did -RRB- I 'd give this item 0 stars if I could ~ Why ??? Because this item like any other puffy item -LRB- including thick coats and buntings -RRB- behind baby in a car seat would `` compress '' in a wreck and the harness would then be loose on baby causing possible ejection from the seat/car . Please do n't use this ~ car seat covers that just go over the seat are fine.Shannon ~ A concerned parent and car seat geek !
 The nurses at the hospital would not allow me to leave the hospital using this in my carseat . They said it was unsafe .
 Before purchasing this item , please check with your safety services division in your state regarding the use of this product with carseats . I purchased this item with the hopes of keeping my newborn warm - but after I received it I was told by the Director of Safety Services in our state that these items compromise the integrity of the belts in the carseats . I also had a very hard time tightening the belts in the carseat because the openings for the belts did not line up well . Instead , I returned it and purchased a Kiddopotamus , which is shearling-lined and zips but fits OVER the carseat . The Bundle-Me item is perfect for strollers , but NOT for use with a carseat . While I want to keep my baby warm , I think it is MUCh more important that she be safe and secure in her seat .
 Bought this laminated baby bag from seller . Bought product as new . The bag included a changing pad prepackaged and placed within baby bag . When we opened the changing pad there were blood and fecal stains ! Yuck . This is a biohazard . Went to return bag for a replacement and seller/amazon will not allow replacement . That is okay , will return and get refund ... not sure what else we would find if we got another bag from this seller .
 my dad bought a paramax system off a dude the other day . it was n't this exact system but very similar . when i saw the guy showing it to my dad i got suspicious cause people have done the same to me , drive by and ask if i need a stereo . anyways he opened the box and when i noticed the that sub , receiver and amplifier were all one unit i asked , whats paramax ive never hurd it and he said `` you ever here of the IMAX theater , same thing '' . rigt then and there i knew he was full of it . anyways my dad bought it anyways for a hundred bucks and i brought it home and hooked it up . and its ok . for a claimed 2000 watts its pretty qiuet . there is only one audio input for a stereo or a cd player . so if you want to hook more then one thing you need an additional receiver . its a ok system , worth the hundred bucks i guess . def not worth a couple grand like the msrp on the box says . if your really into home theater like i am , dont bother . but if you need a real cheap surround sound and dont really care too much about having the best then its a bargain . but dont expect real surround sound , its just sound from all speakers , surrounding you .
 The white van speaker scam comes to Amazon ... what a shame . Hopefully they 'll remove this scam altoghether from their site in a moment when I call them up.The white van speaker scam of course does n't have to be perpetrated in a white van ... it can be done through any vehicle . here 's the biggest clue ... you 're not in a KNOWN audio/video store like a specialty hifi shop in business for years or a Best Buy , Fry 's , etc. , place . If you 're not INSIDE one of these stores and you get offered speakers by someone in a vehicle , there 's a 99.999 % chance they are knock-off speakers . These speakers all use about $ 5 worth of components built in China and sold by companies like Paramax.Paramax has a website , heck they even claim they have CEDIA membership ... but it 's all complete BS . These are knock-off speakers and they will be outperformed even by the cheapest Coby brand crappy home theater in a box speakers . Pick the cheapest name brand speakers on Amazon or Best Buy , etc. , and they will outperform these Paramax systems . And the biggest joke ? These morons that sell them , they keep MSRP 's listed on them of $ 3,199 and up ! I mean , it 's amazing in this day and internet age that people still fall for it.So people , anytime someone tries to sell you speakers out in a car park of any type of store , does n't matter whether it 's a Wal * Mart or a Best Buy , do n't fall for it . These cheap knock-off speakers are all over Kijiji and eBay as well . They are not worth the price of shipping.Visit a site like -LSB- ... -RSB- , post on the forums your budget and knowledgeable people will help you get great bang for your buck ... which is the last thing you 'll get from these white van speaker scam crappy speakers .
 today some body came in my store and he have paramax P-612 and he selling me $ 200.00 . he said some one order this item but now he is not taking , i have computer at my store , i check review this item at amazon its not good then i refused it , he told me this item cost $ 3450.00 but amazon help me for the review of this item DON `` T BUY
 look around for ` white van speakers ' and you 'll find things like these.that 's all that really needs to be said . -LRB- also a hint
 My smartphone saved me as I almost fell for the white -LRB- rather grey -RRB- van scam . He started at $ 300 was willing to sell it for like nothing . Good thing i checked the AMZN reviews . Amazon needs to REMOVE this from their website as it diminishes their very strong reputation.Don ' t fall for it . My reason for posting is to let people know that the scam is alive and kicking .
 I 've listened to these and know some one that sells them . They cost him $ 35 . So $ 35 for a pair of speakers . Now that means that some how the company made a profit from shipping them over from China . So the cost to make and ship them is prob $ 15 . Not a lot of quality there .
 I think he meant Fony System , not Sony . These blew away your Fony system . Get it right dude .
 My husband just got duped on a Paramax p-510 . This is why you should NEVER , I mean NEVER , buy anything from somebody driving around with stuff in a truck . There are not that many overruns , delivery cancellations , etc. in the world . Odds are too high that you will get suckered .
 How coincidental ... my dad bought me this set out of the back of a van -LRB- at a discount price I might add ! -RRB- . It did n't cost me a thing but poor dad wasted his money . Sometimes you truly do get what you pay for !
 This has been going on for years and years.Back in `` the day '' the early 80s ... when I was a salesman at Tech HiFi on the east coast , we would often have people stop in to get info on a new pair of STUDIO MONITORS that they had just purchased from a van at the gas station!These were always `` professional '' quality `` MONITORS `` that were `` extras '' due to an oversite with the packing slip ... `` Geez this slip says eight pairs and we have TEN ! Looks like your lucky day ! `` Did the speakers work ? Yes . Were they quality speakers ? Absolutely not!But still some people liked them , and if you were n't too much of a mark , and bought for a few bucks , maybe you did OK.These surround speakers might be OK at a price of less than 20 $ But Hey , just be informed.Know that anything from Best Buy , or any retailer , at their lowest price point would surely be a better purchase.I repeat.ANYTHING.Now turn up those Puppy Chow speakers with the Dynamitomatic amp ... till they no longer make any sound at all ... sometimes you can get smoke ... heheheheThats good entertainment there !
 What can I say ? The Installation is not easy , you should use a ladder and a drill to mount the lock . If you are a person of less than 6 feet you can not open the door . The main problem is that the mechanism was broken after a month of use . Now I have to buy a different one .
 you definitely need to do a lot of drilling ! . . but these seem like they 'll work great for security . . and they are not white . . more off white . . but i 'll put up a curtain over them or paint to hide the color.Edit after 6 months of use ... This lock was working great , but one day I pulled it to open and it snapped and the ceramic piece broke in half . So now I need to order or a new one or have 4 holes drilled in my patio door . I 'm dropping this to a 2 star now because it did not last 6 months .
 They do n't tell you it does n't work on left to right doors . I just tried to return it and the cutoff for returns was yesterday ? . . It was only delivered to me 3 days ago , that is rediculous ! Very dissapointed ! Even if it did fit my door it looks cheaply made and would n't trust it to secure the door anyway . Do n't waste your money
 The product description states that no drilling is required . Tools required ? Power drill . Holes to drill ? Three . I would have wanted to know that before I purchased this product .
 I recently purchased the White Door Guardian Patio Door Lock and while it does it 's job there are a few issue I have with it .1 -RRB- It 's not white . Its an off white and no where near the normal disigner white that a patio door is .2 -RRB- The Product Description states , `` There is no drilling required , just run 2 screws into a keeper plate provided and then into the upper track . '' I can tell you right now you will be doing soem drilling . In fact it comes with a cutout to help with the drill locations.I figuired based off the decsiption that the keeper plate would need to be mounted in the upper track using screws but you also have to screw the lock system into the door itself . It comes with 4 screws that need to be predrilled to mount itself to the door .3 -RRB- Shipping cost was too much for such a small product . Only reason I went with it dispite the cost was the fact that I was mislead to believe there was no drilling required.In the end if you want a sliding door lock this will work but in my shoes I feel a little cheated .
 It says it does n't require drilling . It does including a 1/8 '' hole in the top of the patio door frame . It is complicated to install and kind of flimsy .
 These are installed on all three of the sliding glass doors to keep a toddler inside , and I hate them . First time I used it I locked myself out of the house -LRB- my own fault for not paying enough attention to the instructions -RRB- but then on the door that is most used the latch wore down enough that even when locked into the open-the-door-position the door still would n't open and shut . So I locked myself out again , and this time it was n't my fault . Fast forward 3 months and the little stick/latch thing broke completely off , so now the door wo n't open at all . It is still child-proofed , but also adult proofed . : -LRB- On the other two doors the latch is still there , but kind of sticks and is difficult to use . This may be due to shoddy installation , but it still makes me angry.Also , even when working perfectly , these latches are difficult to use if you 're holding a toddler , especially one excited to go outside . And when you 're trying to take out the garbage , holding onto the dog 's leash , or basically have anything in your hands.Lastly , a little warning note , these do go at the top of the door , so any little old ladies trying to use the door are also locked in .
 Bad instructions . A pain to install . I wanted something easier that would n't break and keep the kids in . Try this instead : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000NCWR06/ref=oh_details_o03_s04_i07
 Bag looks and feels cheap to me . I bought it as a gift and did n't end up giving it . Would n't recommend , sorry .
 It has been some time since I purchased a product that so falls short of expectations . This product is such a letdown , I wish I could give it LESS than 1 star ! I ca n't believe an otherwise reputable company such as Fisher Price would put their name on this product.Why?First , the product has terrible support underneath the `` mattress '' so that even a newborn will sag it both end-to-end and side-to-side . You can draw your own conclusions as to SIDS implications . If you 're going to make a bassinet , it seems to me the first thing you start with is a firm , stable surface underneath the padding . This is reason enough to decide against this product.But wait , there is more.Second , the battery-powered music and vibration does n't have a timer so expect to burn through some batteries.Third , the strap / lashing mechanism is permanently affixed to the mattress so your baby will get to sleep uncomfortably on top of plastic buckles.Fourth , the mattress itself is pretty flimsy.Fifth , since this is sort of a low-riser bassinet compared to others out there , it should have a collapsible carrying handle on it similar to a car seat 's so that a new mother does n't have to injur her back just trying to pick the thing up using the side handles provided.The product probably has other faults , but who cares what they are ? I think I 've already established that I would n't get the product if they paid me to take it.Your mileage may vary . : -RRB-
 I registered for this vest in Blue on my Amazon Baby Registry . I was excited to see that one of our friends had bought it for me . Unfortunately , when it came in the mail , it was the ORANGE vest -- not the blue one . I called the company that it was purchased from to let them know of the mistake -LRB- Baby Age -RRB- and they claimed the order was for the orange one . Meanwhile , I 'm looking at the order information on Amazon.com and it shows that the blue one was purchased for us . Now I 'm stuck with an orange vest that I ca n't return b/c the company will only credit the original credit card holder and not issue a gift certificate.The vest itself seems all right . I do n't think it 's any more than a vest with a lot of pockets , which could come in handy for anyone -- not just Dads.But if you want the vest in a color other than orange , beware that it 's likely you 're apparently going to get an orange one .
 This is the worst baby monitor I 've seen . First of all , there is no option for `` lights only '' and the lowest level of sound is very loud , meaning there is no way for you to have it on at night without waking every one in the room . Two , it is not a clear signal . It had horrible interference no matter where I set it . Three , the battery life is very , very short . If you use it two or three times witbout the a/c adapter you 'll have to change hte 9volt batteries -- yes , 9 volt , not AA . Four , twice now , the batteries have died and the red power light still stayed on . But it was n't transmitting any more . So I thought my baby was still asleep because the monitor was quiet and the red light was on , but when I went upstairs my baby was crying -- what a horrible feeling ! I might as well not have had montior at all . Five and last , the base that you keep in the baby 's room does not have a good center of balance . It is too tall and not wide enough . I felt I had to have it on the floor because it might tip over too easily.All-in-all , there really is n't one thing I like about these monitors . I would not recommend them , and I 'm surprised that Graco made such a poor product .
 Our other monitor - by The First Years always had so much static that we needed a new one . I bought this one hoping for no static . Well , I did n't get any static - but I also could not hear my baby even when the monitor was right next to her and she was screaming . Others have complained that it was too loud , but I returned this one because even with the volume turned all the way up I could barely hear anything . Skip this one !
 My cabinets are wood - maybe harder than pine - but still wood . The screws provided in the kit to install the latches actually could n't handle the torsional stress needed to put them into the wood . I now have two bits imbedded into the inside of my rather expensive kitchen cabinets . Hidden - yes - however ... how hard is it to provide real screws . On the plus side , I can now open my cabinet door with a strong magnet . Avoid this product ... and it you have it already ... go down to the store with the screws and pay the money for real hardware .
 Very difficult to install . Once we got one attached , we found we could n't get our fingers in to depress the latch and open the cabinet door ; the latches are too short . Very frustrating !
 agree with the other reviewers that there is a serious design flaw -LRB- you have to push the latch down to close the drawer -RRB- and that the flaw was so obvious that I only tried installing one before returning all of the ones I had bought . These are awful.I instead used the Safety 1st wide latches -LRB- pack of 7 -RRB- which do n't have great reviews on Amazon , but were easy to install , and work well for me . They are not spring loaded .
 I 've bought tons of stuff on Amazon and this is the first time I ever felt the need to post a review to warn people away from something.These latches look fine but have a fundamental design flaw . The slope where the two plastic pieces come together is n't correct . If you position the pieces properly so the drawer wo n't open unless the latch is pushed down to clear the lip , then the drawer wo n't close smoothly on it 's own . You have to push the latch down when you 're CLOSING the drawer as well , which clearly is n't what people are expecting -LRB- or what the designers intended -RRB- . I tried many tiny adjustments in the positioning and found none where the drawer closed smoothly but remained secure when closed.Insanely bad design . If the plastic pieces were sloped just a bit differently , it would work fine . What were they thinking ?
 Pros : None except
 Got these because they were the only ones at the store . They looked good in the package , but looks were deceiving . They are really difficult to install correctly , and I have lots of experience working with wood and cabinets . They are made of a light weight plastic that distorts when tightening the screws , causing the latch to go out of alignment . Alignment is critical . If the latch is a little low , it does n't catch . A little high and it jambs against the catch and breaks off . I 've replaced about half of the latches in about a year 's time . I 'm replacing them now with sturdier latches from another manufacturer.I do not recommend . Moreover , I am more critical of any product from this company .
 Item that is pictured is not what is sent . Very disappointed that this has not been corrected yet . The item pictured and described is the 3 in 1 sunshade offering full coverage . What is sent is the Compact Shade Attachment which only offers canopy coverage .
 is a product that seems quite sturdy , but it is too wide for a small stroller . OK for a big car , but not a light one .
 The item I received was the Classic Protect-a-Bub that does not cover the front and have the mesh window . Returning it . Very disappointed because I was really looking forward to having the one I ordered .
 this quilt is not large enough for a toddler bed , it is square almost and the bed is rectangular in size , so it does n't fit right . Not very warm either .
 I was very disappointed with this product . The material is of very poor quality - it was not soft to the touch and it was very very fragile . I had to actually return the item as it was already torn when I received it at the part where you are meant to attach the ties to the car seat handle . I could tell by the look of the material that it would rip very easily . I would not recommend this netting at all .
 Bought this exact netting PLUS the stroller one for $ 5.99 at Babies R Us.The fabric is flimsy because it is MOSQUITO NETTING ... anything thicker would not be breathable . I am happy with it , just do n't waste your money buying it here .
 I registered for this vest in Blue on my Amazon Baby Registry . I was excited to see that one of our friends had bought it for me . Unfortunately , when it came in the mail , it was the ORANGE vest -- not the blue one . I called the company that it was purchased from to let them know of the mistake -LRB- Baby Age -RRB- and they claimed the order was for the orange one . Meanwhile , I 'm looking at the order information on Amazon.com and it shows that the blue one was purchased for us . Now I 'm stuck with an orange vest that I ca n't return b/c the company will only credit the original credit card holder and not issue a gift certificate.The vest itself seems all right . I do n't think it 's any more than a vest with a lot of pockets , which could come in handy for anyone -- not just Dads.But if you want the vest in a color other than orange , beware that it 's likely you 're apparently going to get an orange one .
 Not sure how I ended up with these - I am usually so careful about BPA . I wish I could return but I opened them trying to see if there was info about BPA on the insert . Nowhere does it say BPA free .
 I agree with others - this bag does it 's job . I 've used 2 of them for 2 months for cloth diapers , and they are holding up well . My only complaint is they do n't close well , and would be problematic if you had to travel anywhere with it as they would probably leak , and certainly smell with dirty diapers in there.An added note - Do n't put them in the drier . Even on a low heat , the lining of one of mine separated from the bag , partially tore , and has come out.REVISION
 I just got mine in the mail and was very suprised to see that it does n't close well and does n't have a toggle . The other one I bought from Blueberry is much nicer , and I am not sure this one will work for us .
 We bought two of these and cycled between them . They generally worked well at first , and were water tight . The waterproof lining in both of them , however , eventually detached and ripped , leaving them essentially useless . One of ours lasted for two months , and the other lasted four months .
 currently using this and have been for about six months ; i hate it . i bought it to be a hanging wet bag -LRB- the place i purchased from said that it could be used this way . RIDICULOUS . i does NOT close completely , which is very stinky . also , the cord it `` hangs '' from is so stretchy that it reaches the ground , so it is n't hanging at all , but rather crappily sitting open on the floor . so then i bought a pail for it to line . it is okay for this purpose since the pail has a lid . but i have noticed moisture leaking into the pail some when i do my laundry . i did n't want to buy a big pail or have one taking up space in the room in the first place , and i certainly did n't want to have to clean one out . go with the PlanetWise hanging wet bag if you want a hanging pail - i have been using mine for 2.5 years -LRB- putting it in the dryer every wash -RRB- and it does not disappoint ! i wanted this one to use when the other was in the laundry , but i feel like it was a waste of money . i will order another PlanetWise bag.also , i purchased the Blueberry diaper sprayer and it broke within three weeks . if amazon sold them , i would write a separate review for it.i * do * however love our Bluberry diapers !
 This diaper pail liner looks really nice and seems heavy duty ... however , it started leaking in the bottom corner when full of wet/dirty diapers . We 've only been using this product for 2 months and I 'm very disappointed that it 's already started leaking at the seams .
 I was happy with this product at first , but about a month after I bought it the lining started to separate from the outer fabric . Because it happened 30 days after I received the product -LRB- I noticed it around 35 days ! -RRB- Amazon will not allow a return . I ca n't recommend this liner as it does n't hold up in the wash .
 Even with air drying the bag , it was n't long before this product began to leak . The waterproof lining separates from the nylon and began to rip apart after a few months of use .
 I registered for this vest in Blue on my Amazon Baby Registry . I was excited to see that one of our friends had bought it for me . Unfortunately , when it came in the mail , it was the ORANGE vest -- not the blue one . I called the company that it was purchased from to let them know of the mistake -LRB- Baby Age -RRB- and they claimed the order was for the orange one . Meanwhile , I 'm looking at the order information on Amazon.com and it shows that the blue one was purchased for us . Now I 'm stuck with an orange vest that I ca n't return b/c the company will only credit the original credit card holder and not issue a gift certificate.The vest itself seems all right . I do n't think it 's any more than a vest with a lot of pockets , which could come in handy for anyone -- not just Dads.But if you want the vest in a color other than orange , beware that it 's likely you 're apparently going to get an orange one .
 I can not understand all the positive reviews for this product . Not only is this product a bit tedious to use and an extra step to diapering - you have to spray dirty diapers before depositing in the diaper pail , but I do n't sense much difference than not using anything at all , after using this for several months.At the price , it makes more sense to just spray diapers with Lysol before depositing . Do n't waste your money .
 I received the baby balm by Burt 's Bees as a gift and used it for about a week on my growing belly bump . . Until I could n't take the smell any more . Chalking it up to my ultra-sensitive pregnancy nose , and not realizing that the whole product line smelled the same , I purchased the talc free powder . The stink is unreal ! It got tossed almost immediately and the smell was so bad I washed the baby .
 I bought this for my 3-yr old son , and realized it was a mistake as soon as we opened the package - it 's a life size fabric chart with decent quality , but it requires you to measure from the floor to the feet of the chart `` boy '' to be able to use it . It 's not as easy as you think when you try to hang this on the wall with precision , for the fabric is wrinkled up from being folded for a long time . It 's really a stupid idea that you have to measure it before you can use it to measure your child . Besides , it 's quite scary everytime you turn to its direction and mistake it for a big person standing against the wall . To protect us from heartattacks , it got wrapped up and put away in the storage forever .
 My son did fine in this tub until he was old enough to want to sit up . He is constantly pulling himself forward out of the reclined newborn side . We have tried to put him on the straight up infant/toddler side , but because he is still a supported sitter , he falls forward alot . Also , on the straight up side there is NO PADDING and his tail bone presses into the hard plastic -LRB- the one time we tried this side he came out of the bath with a big red make on his tailbone ! -RRB- . We are in the process of looking for a new tub .
 I just finished bathing my baby girl-6 mo old and felt aggravated enough to sign into amazon and list my issues . I completely agree with other reviewers that baby is not secure at any time-I have a pretty chunky baby and she leans to the side and I constantly have a hand on her to keep her from tipping over the side and falling out . I like that it has the newborn slant and the toddler straight back sides but she does n't seem comfortable on either . More work for an already tired mommy.This tub drives me NUTS in terms of storage . We have it in a regular size bathroom with one sink , toilet and bath/shower-WHERE to put this thing-there is no room in linen closet-it is too long , it does n't stand up on its own-we all trip over it if we lay it flat on the floor . I bought a big hook at home depot in hopes of hanging it up over the bath door but the plastic is so slippery ... it wo n't actually hook on anything . So it ends up being in our shower/tub-until we want to use it or our 5 year old does . Oh I I tried to just stand it up but they have made both ends curved so it slides out when you lean it against the wall/tub wall-usually at about 3 am when you think-What was that ? oh that flipping tub!I do n't knwo waht the solution is but I can not wait till this baby girl can sit up safely in the big tub and I can ditch this thing-you would think that over the years they could take the side with the `` handy shampoo/washcloth hole '' and FLATTEN it so you could at least stand it up somewhere in your home/garage/backyard / anywhere .
 If you 've got a young baby , expect to be holding their butt up and off of the groove . It has to be so painful while it holds all of their weight .
 Just bought that as my baby girl outgrew her previous tub , she 's just 2 months old but this tub is such a disappointment , no matter whichvside I use mostvof her body is out of the water so she gets cold and shaky , poor thing . It 's too bad because she loves bathing . I used it once and am already shopping for a new one , waste of money ! I really do n't see how any 1 or 2 year old would be comfy in there .
 We got this and used it on our daughter from when she was a newborn . We only bathed her a couple of times a week for the first 2 months , then every other day until she was 6 months old , and now 5 times per week . However , the plug kept shedding rubber - pieces were coming off - almost every time I used it . It is now held together by a thin sliver of rubber , and removing it is a gentle wiggling process and pushing it out from the bottom . She 's just 10 months old.The setup is sort of awkward . The sling was the worst . If I had to go back to newborn , I 'd never fill the tub with water , but use the sling just for sponging and rinsing with an external stash of water . For the rest , until she was heavier than 15 pounds and able to sit on her own , she kept stretching out and floating upward -LRB- and this is having her head on the toddler/child side , which props them straight up -RRB- . There is a knob there that is supposed to catch their butts , but if the baby is too light I guess it does n't work . I had to fashion a sort of belt to hold her in until she got big enough . Now that she is big enough , she can wiggle around and splash and have fun.I 'm not entirely sure what the reservoir behind her head is for . I stash the soap bottles and stuff there , but it often fills with dirty/soapy bathwater water . I 'm not sure if it 's there for water or what . Actually , there are a lot of such places that hold water . There are grooves in the side that are n't useful but are an artifact of the molding process . They are annoying to clean and are the first to feel gooky , so I guess they let me know when it 's time to scrub out the tub with bleach.This tub is for children , but there is a big warning that it contains small parts and is n't suitable for children below 3 years . So what gives?Anyway , it holds water . Or it will until the plug is done breaking .
 The tub I bought before this was leaking so I needed a replacement . I ordered this tub based on the positive reviews . Believe me when I say that the leaking tub is a million times better than this . My baby slips and slides whenever she moves . For a wiggley four month old this wo n't do . She hates the tub as well . She screams and screams when I put her in it . She loves taking bathes in her original tub . This may be because it 's her first bathtub or because in this one she slides everywhere and ca n't get comfy . When the other reviewiers say their babies slide over the middle bump , it 's very true ! This was a total waste of money since I ca n't use it . To goodwill it goes !
 I bought this tub because I liked that it could be used for toddlers , as well . However , I have a small baby , and I ca n't imagine her using it for much longer . She slides around in it and ends up all different directions and positions . She ca n't completely stretch her legs out , which causes her kicks to hit the other side HARD . No matter if I put her in the `` toddler '' / sitting up side or the `` infant '' / laying partially side , she always slips one direction or the other . It makes baths really frustrating to have to keep adjusting her.Now , I have n't tried other baby tubs before . She did n't have one as a newborn , I washed her in the sink . After this , I washed her in a normal tub , filled a couple of inches high , and although I had to hold her head the entire time , it was a lot less stressful than it is now with this tub.The good things about this tub
 Our 4-month old son likes to kick and push off with his feet , which he does against the toddler side of the tub . This makes him slide down off the infant seatrest and he ends up lying on it with his head at an awkward angle too close to the surface of the water . As another reviewer mentioned , I think the infant seat rest is too slippery to hold a taller baby in the lying position .
 I thought this was a model that I had purchased many years ago fro my last child , and it turns out to have changed . It is awkward to place in the kitchen sink , and is odd to place the baby in . My daughter is still quite small , so it may get better the larger she becomes , however , in comparison to other tubs that I have owned , this is by far the worst .
 I 've had many styles of baby tubs , and several hard tubs similar to this one . This is the worst , and the main reason is the ledge is too short , one kick and he goes right over the top which makes him fall into the water . He 's 5 weeks , and though I can see maybe this would work for an older baby , it does not work for a younger baby . It is also much deeper than our previous tubs , and when he goes over the ledge his head goes under the water . I end up only filling it half way . I also do n't like the hard shell much for this age , as when he startles he hits his head and cries . We 're changing over to a tub sling instead . I do n't recommend this tub because it is not safe for a young baby !
 I just never got the hang of this tub , my big boy always winded up sliding around on the slick surface .
 Do n't choose this tub . I 've given up on it . My 5 month old cries every bath , and I 'm sure its because of the tub . It is so `` unergonomically '' correct . She literally floats up and her little bottom ends up squarely on the `` hump '' of the seat , where the knees are supposed to be .
 I received this tub as a shower gift and thought `` how neat !! '' In reality though my baby hated it and screamed everytime I tried to use it . The infant sling holds them too far out of the water and they freeze . I did like the extra place for rinse water and the drain stopper that changes colors if the water is too hot though .
 First off my sister -LRB- a VERY ditzy blonde -RRB- bought this for me thinking it was a TWIN bathtub . Like I could bathe both babies at the same time ... * sighs * Like I said , ditzy blonde . :D Here 's the problem . One of my twins , Emmalee , had a bowel movement when I put her in the tub . It was n't runny so it `` stuck '' under her tushie . Of course I had to grab her out immediately , rewash her in the actual bathtub , feed her change her and so on so it took a good 20 minutes until I was able to clean up the mess . Now I 'm not sure if it was because of the long wait to clean up but when I dumped the water out some of the feces got caught in the little part at the top -LRB- the newborn end -RRB- that sits down over the sink . OH EM GEE is all i can say ! It was AWFUL ! That crevice is so tiny ! I had to use a butter knife , washrag , the end of a bottle brush and a pencil to get it clean ! It was SO disgusting not to mention extremely unsanitary ! This happened two nights ago . Last night I was so fearful she 'd do it again that I bathed her quite quickly . Tonight I 'm going to shove rags down inside those crevices so we both can enjoy our bath time ! Those crevices serve no purpose and should n't be there in my opinion and for that , and my experience , I would NOT recommend this product . If they fix that , then absolutely but NOT as is . * ugh *
 This item comes from diaper.com and they have a horrible return policy . If you get this as a gift you will not be given any credit for your return . Do not use them !
 This monitor comes in different names but is made by the same manufacturer . Also beware that the newer version that has the greater pan and tilt capability is n't any better . This might be useful as a security monitor if it does n't leave an a/c outlet for more than an hour and if it sits on a desk that 's higher than your body . Issues I found
 This looks great but you can not get out of the bedroom before the static starts . Spend a little more money and buy a better one . There is no need to waste your time with this one ...
 Absolutely horrible reception and sound !!! There is extreme static for the sound and the video flickers . I am so disappointed in the amount of money I spent on it . I purchased it based on that one 5 star reviewer but I believe that review must have been a phony . There is no way that this piece of useless trash is a 5 star product .
 Bought this bag so my husband didnt feel like he was carrying around a womans bag . Within the first week the lining on the inside ripped and is not repairable . Wouldnt spend my money on it again .
 The bag arrived , and was exactly like the picture except it was MISSING THE DRAGON.Did my dragon come to life and fly off the bag ? It 's possible . But when I order a `` dragon bag '' , I want there to be some form of dragon on it.Returning it ... . too scared to purchase another without a Dragon Guarantee -LRB- tm -RRB- .
 I got this diaper bag mainly for my husband so he would n't feel silly carrying around a diaper bag , but of course I am the one using it everyday ! I am sorry I bought it . It can not stand up on its own when you set it down , and tips over constantly . The main compartment is way too small and my hand gets stuck pulling stuff out . Definitely not a wise choice if you 'll be carrying lots of stuff with you . Also , the black color shows dirt ! Think twice !
 This diaper bag is not the best one out there . The main pouch is not very spacious and once it is filled it pushes out on the three zipper pockets and the singed pocket in the back making them less usable . Also the shoulder strap does n't quite work right , it always falls off my shoulder . Get the Diaper Dude Messenger bag instead .
 The top seam began opening within the first 8 weeks of using it . Six months later , it 's a shredded mess . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product considering the price .
 First off , the bag is pretty small and does n't fit very much in it . the main compartment is sort of like a black hole or the bermuda triangle . Things go in and never come out . Other than that , the bigger problem we had was that the metal tab of the zipper -LRB- what you hold on to to open and close the zipper -RRB- broke not once but twice . The first time , we shipped it back to the manufacturer and they repaired it and sent it back . Another one just broke and this time we 're just going to return it . we 're not particularly rough with the zipper tabs , nor are we big ogres who have really strong grips and can bend and break metal . I would recommend a different bag and would n't purchase one from Diaper Dude again , personally .
 Quality of materials is sub par . It looks very cheap in person - kind of like freebie -LRB- $ 15 max value -RRB- . Zippers are hard to move . Did n't feel durable at all - > returned it .
 This diaper bag is cute . That 's all there is to say for it ! I got it for my first baby and could only use it if I had a second bag to put all the baby stuff in that would n't fit in the diaper dude . the front zip pockets are tiny , as are all the compartments . I spent 60 bucks on this and now I use a reusable grocery bag that cost $ 2 because it 's so much better ! If I had that $ 60 back I 'd go buy a nice normal Graco diaper bag like all my friends have . Grrr .
 If my brother had n't had his heart set on this , I 'd have gone for something less expensive and better quality . I 'm not sure why 3 poorly silkscreened skull and crossbones should add $ 20 to the price from the regular bags and it 's annoying that it 's made in China , with little cost in fabric and labor .
 This product looks fabulous , has ample pockets , lays flat on the hip , trendy , cool . Upon reciept we were thrilled but upon inspection ? The material is a scratchy sorty of vinyl-esque material . We were expecting a softer more supple nylon , similar to the nylon in higher end REI or LL Bean Gear -LRB- I mean , for the price we think the expectation was reasonable ! -RRB- Instead the material is a stiff thin nylon , and the entire bag makes a crinkly sound when you touch it . I 'm dating myself here but this bags material reminds me of cheap 80s parachute pants ... This is the type of material you get when you get the free cosmetic case from Lancombe ... Sadly we returned it and are still looking for another option . Too bad , because it LOOKS great . ~ Signed , wife of D. Butler ...
 I received this diaper bag as a gift , and was n't going to buy a different one since this one was brand new and seemed perfectly fine . I used it until my baby was about 3 months old , then I just bought a bigger purse that I could throw some diapers and wipes in to and kept any thing else I might need in the car . The bag has several outside pockets , but if those have much of anything in them , there not enough room in the inside , and vice versa . My baby had reflux and we always needed at least a burp cloth and extra clothes most of the time . We tend to travel light , but this bag 's design is just not efficient and there just is n't enough for a few diapers , wipes , burp cloth , and perhaps a few things mom or dad might need . I am about to have baby number two , so I thought I would try this bag out again , and before even leaving the house realized I need to shop for a new bag because this one barely fits enough for 1 kid , and definitely not what I will need for two !
 Neither my husband nor I are satisfied with this diaper bag . It is n't very spacious despite its bulk . The buckles are large and awkward ; I 've hurt myself with them twice . I ca n't get the zippers open with one hand , so nothing is easy to access . I plan to replace this with a different diaper bag .
 Great diaper bag if you do n't want to carry any stuff and only want to use it for a week ... The third time we used ours the tab on the main zipper broke . The single row of stitching holding on the three front pockets is unraveling , so they are falling off . The changing pad is inside , which is a pain after you 've packed everything else up , picked up baby , then you 're left trying to figure out how the hell to get that thing back in the bag without taking everything out again . Also , once the inside is full of stuff the back pockets become completely useless . The bag was really cute : -LRB-
 I wanted to purchase a diaper bag that did n't look like one . But I do wish I had searched around more . The Diaper Dude is bulky . It 's hard to find what you are looking for in the larger storage area and it 's always in the way . A backpack-style bag would have been a better option .
 My son is only 3 weeks old ! The bag is already ripping inside ! The lining is detaching from the bag ! To top it off - the bag feels uncomfortable on my shoulders . And it hurts my back . I wish I had n't wasted my money . I bought a Jeep bag backpack style bag from Wal-Mart for $ 20 , and so far I 'm liking it much much better !
 We purchased 4 of these gates from another seller - because we thought they were very pretty . After installing them we realized how tall they were ! We kept them installed and carefully stepped over them but it was n't a week and I fell over one ... right on my backside !! That was it . They are pretty but not for short people . We went to target and got the automatic open gates and WE LOVE THEM !! Besides , what use are they if they are stationary , they only open for the pet and not the person , the person is still trapped ! NOT Good for us maybe good for tall folks ... I got 4 for sale cheap ! ; -RRB-
 I bought this bag because I think it 's ridiculous that diaper bags are n't ALL machine washable . However , when I washed it , the filler materials , the inner layers that allow the bag to be stiff enough to stand up , fell apart completely . I was left with a bag that is floppy and loose . In addition , it just did n't wash up well . I had taken it to a pancake breakfast at church where we got syrup dripped on it , and the syrup did n't wash out ! It was n't something that is normally hard to wash out ... just pancake syrup , but it left big dirty marks behind . If you want a good machine washable bag , spend the extra money and get a Hoohobbers ... I have one of those now and it washes up beautifully .
 I was very saddened by this purchase . I will admit upfront that I am a person that does n`t have time , patience , or thew will to send things back , which means that i have a high standard for things I order online . This was one item that I decided I would just need to make work . It came broken - the joint to make the door swing open was broken right in half upon arrival . Nothing a little take and glue would n`t fix ! Then i went to make it work in the doorway ... now to be fair , i do think we have wider-than-average door frames , but once I used all / of the extenders that the gate came with , it fit , but does n`t look great . I would not reccommend this product .
 Product was damaged when received.But I was able to return it without a hassle and received a full refund.I do have another Richell One Touch Gate and they are very nice gates . Disappointing thisone did n't work out .
 My three month old collie chewed right through this gate . It 's a beautiful gate but should have metal bars instead of rubberwood . Would n't recommend this one .
 We were very happy with this gate at first -LRB- our dog ... not so much -RRB- . Our 7 pound Maltese has discovered that the inside portion is chewable . I saw in previous reviews , before I purchased this gate , that other people had had this experience . Thinking that our dog is not much of a chewer , we thought it would be OK , so we ordered it . It took him about 6 weeks to discover that the inside bars can be chewed . I do n't understand why the sides are metal , but the central panel is not.On the plus side , it latches fairly easily , and was easy to install . Before it became a `` home improvement '' project for our dog , it looked nice . If the company changed the design , to make the gate all metal , I would purchase that product . I like the color , and since we have the gate in a central location , this matters . If Richell can make the sides and bottom in this nice metal color , why not the central panel?For now , we 're using a baby gate we got at Babies ' R Us .
 Several years ago , we bought three of these gates to confine our new puppy to only part of our house while we were n't home . They worked great . We subsequently moved and gave them to a friend who also had a good experience with them . We recently moved again and found ourselves needing another gate . We bought the same one , hoping to have the same experience . Unfortunately , the design of the gate has changed . It now has a clamp that goes over the bottom bar , rather than a dowel that goes into the bar . This is not an improvement . My medium sized Brittany can push the hand lever high enough to throw his weight against the gate , move the clamp over the bar , and open the gate . So it is completely worthless . It 's too bad , because it is a very nice looking gate .
 I loved the look of the gate and if it were n't for the plastic gate handle/latch it would have been perfect . Due to Amazon 's return policy , I could n't just return the handle to exchange for one that was not broken . I would have had to try to repackage the entire gate and ship it back and wait 4 weeks for a refund and then repurchase the item . Well I do n't have that kind of time and there 's not really another way that I could keep my dog out of the back rooms for the 4 + weeks it would take for me to repurchase and receive a replacement gate -LRB- hoping that the new one was not damaged either -RRB- . With everything else on the gate being either wood or metal , I do n't even know why the handle was plastic to begin with . Now I just have to hope the super glue will do the trick.Amendment
 I am so disappointed in the new latch lock ! I returned 2 already !! It does n't close properly at the bottom ! It was the best gate that I 've ever had and I am so sad they tried to improve it . They ruined it !!!
 This gate seems to be well designed . We bought it because of the overwhelming positive reviews . Unfortunately , our own experience was quite different . We were looking to use this in our kitchen to stop once and for all the kids from feeding the dog . The opening required that we use the extensions -LRB- included -RRB- on the gate . Upon reaching maximum width , once pressure is applied to the sides the gate bows from the joints and pops right out of place . I tried cutting extensions from pieces of scrap wood to fit the endings inside to try and offer a bit more support but not even this worked . I 'm pretty disappointed in the lack of stability when it reached the maximum length.So , if you 're looking to use this at the minimum suggested width , you 're probably in good shape . I 'd stay away if you 're on the longer end of the suggested width for this item .
 I bought my dish set 2 + years ago . It 's been GREAT ! ... until this morning when the fork prong broke off in my son 's mouth while he was eating waffles . PLEASE DO NOT GET THIS SET !!!
 I thought this was a brilliant idea , but when I received the product , it was not great . The materia was mediocre , and the chair sagged a bit . I would not waste my money on this . I wish I spent a few more dollars and gotten the portable chair that hooked onto the table instead .
 I tried this totseat with my nearly 9 month old . It is a great harness if you need to keep them in place , but does not work with an average table and chair set . We like to offer puffs or mashed fruit at the table - this offers no place to put them . The baby sits on the regular seat and is , therefore , too low . I will be looking for something with a tray . I honestly see no point to this product .
 Technically this harness seems to work okay . It fits chairs and keeps the kid in place . But my daughter ended up sitting so low compared to the table that she did n't like it . It would work best if you happened to have a chair that was unusually high for your table .
 If you use this mixer and feed your baby right away , you will be giving him/her seltzer formula that will cause major tummy upset . OK , only if you mix formula well in advance . I found that it ` smuch better to make cappachinos and margaritas frothy .
 I bought this because my son 's formula is so hard to mix . It worked great for only two days and then died . It is not worth the money .
 I tried to save some money by getting this version instead of the guardian angel brand . I wish that I have n't . Everyone is right about the paint job . It is awful . The paint is bubbling off and has many sharp edges . My husband had to sand it down and repaint it because I was worried about my son 's safety . I am also very disappointed that it is n't very high so you ca n't open your window all of the way because the kid can just climb over . You have to rig you window so that it ca n't open but maybe half way . It is alright , but if I had to do it over I would just spend the extra bucks and do it right .
 As an American worker in manufacturing I 'm embarrassed they put made in USA on their product . The bars are only tack welded in place , and some of those were broken . The paint was bubbled all over , not something I wanted my kids peeling off and potentially eating . I purchase a similar product to this one , based upon the other reviews I 'm sure they are all the same . Mine went from UPS to the trash ... junk !
 I need something that I can use on top of a regular dresser , but this one I do n't particularly feel safe to use because it has velcro-on sides , 6 pieces that would n't stay in place when the baby tries to roll on his side . Also it has a fold line in the center that is not very comfortable for babies back , cushion kinda sinks in that area . The diaper cloth cover that came with it is made of cheap looking dirty white fabric . It looks used even when its not . Which also does not fit snugly in the pad . The belt looks flimsy and generally useless , especially when the velcro-on sides of the pad wiggles around and unstable . I purchased another changing pad by Childkraft . It is way better than this one , just one solid well made piece and so much stable for over the dresser purpose .
 I hung this in my doorways . Even on the highest setting it is too close to the ground . My son is in the 3rd percentile for high so I 'm not sure why this thing is so low . Beware if you have lower doorways . This wo n't work .
 My son loves this jumper , but I was absolutely appalled to find blue ink smearing onto the tray from the Graco label printed on the product -LRB- label is printed on the front of the tray , well within arms reach for a child who uses the surface for his/her arms . -RRB- We have central air in our home , so the product was not stored/exposed to extreme heat prior to use or during . My son , 6 months old , had BLUE INK all over his hands and mouth from the label bleeding . Upon google searching the issue , I found that others had also experienced the same problem and that GRACO WAS NOT RESPONDING TO THEM WITH THEIR CONCERNS . This is very alarming to me , as in this day and age , there is NO EXCUSE for this . How was this overlooked , especially since it is the brand name being printed on the product -- you would think Graco would take better care when branding their items with their name . Disgusting and truly sad , as otherwise , it is a great product and my son has loved it . Makes me wonder what else could be in this product that is not safe for my child to be putting his mouth on and playing with .
 The title sorta says it all.Everything else about this seat I really really enjoy ! But the slip/loop mechanism that allows you to adjust for the height of the door and your baby 's size does n't hold ... Sorta a big deal . I 've had to get two large , strong clips to hold pressure on the loop-within-a-loop way the manufacture tells you to make an adjustment to stop it from slipping . I have followed the instructions to a T and in my opinion a big flaw that this does n't do its job so thus the -LRB- 2 -RRB- star rating.But other than that issue and the fact it can be rectified by `` rig ` n '' its not horrible .
 I find the seat of the jumper to be too large . My son siting in it hanging to one side . He is a large baby too.Also , once adjusted properly for height the strap needs readjustment at each use.It is easy to put on the door frame and my son enjoys the stuffies it came with . This was a better solution for our home than the exersaucer size jumpers.Also , my son was able to scrape off the GRACO logo and had blue all under his nails and probably consumed some . I contacted GRACO and they reported the paint is non-toxic .
 I bought this jumper last month and sent it as a gift for my neice , as she is 7 months old and loves jumping . I thought it would be a good gift and her parents will like it . They were happy to recieve it but when they put her in the jumper , cloth of the seat came out , and she fell down . They tried to fix it by stitching it but it did not worked that way as well . her weight is 7 kgs , so I dont think that could be a reason . As , I sent it in Pakistan , I can not return it as well . So totally wasted my moneyI would not recommend it to anybody else .
 Our little girl enjoys herself while in this jumper , but the chord is too long . There are no instructions on how to shorten it , and as far as we can tell , it 's already as short as it can go . Her legs are already bent while just sitting in it , so when gravity pulls her further down when she 's jumping in it , I get nervous that she 'll bang her knee -LRB- s -RRB- on the floor .
 We bought this product and loved it for months . I thought it was great , easy to set up and move , and my daughter loved it . Then one morning I put my 8 mo old in it so I could make a bottle . As I was standing at the sink filling the bottle I heard my daughter hit the floor . She had managed to tip herself over the side . She hit her forehead on the floor . Thankfully , I think her legs got tangled in the straps and slowed her fall . She is alright but I put the jumper away for good . The jumper was correctly adjusted for her height and she had her legs through the holes . Until this incident I would have highly recommended this jumper . Now I would advised not to buy .
 We received this item as a baby shower gift . Now that our baby is almost 5 months , She LOVES it ! The problem is she is almost too tall for it . We have a standard size doorway so it should be fine but the strap is as high as it can go and she is still too low . We just contacted Graco about this problem so hopefully they can send a replacement .
 Our doorway is 82 inches tall and at its shortest setting this jumper hangs to the floor . Our baby is just barely big enough for it and it 's already too long . There is no way to adjust it any shorter , but it can be extended about 18 inches longer . Who has doorways this tall ?
 We were so excited to try a jumper for our son , but were very dissapointed in this product . First of all , he tipped himself right out of it ! With the three strap design , it 's unsturdy in the back , which we discovered after he spilled himself onto the floor . He seemed pretty intent on jumping , so now we 've tried stuffing him in there with a blanket so that he 's nice and snug , but it 's still unstable and wobbly . I do n't recommend this product , and in fact , we are going to try a different brand .
 This looks like it would be great and a lot of fun , but unfortunately we never got to use it . We had to return it because the clamp was too small for our doorway . Our house was built between 1900-1912 . I have heard that the Sassy Jumper works for older homes , we will give that one a try .
 My son is in the 90 % for height and grew out of this before he could even learn to crawl . There should be an easier way to shorten the length of the strap other than adjusting the short little loop .
 Too easy for baby to smash hands between door jam and tray . Returned it after one try . Baby caught on to the jumping right away and was not afraid .
 Before you eye-roll , hear me out.The jumper , for the most part is made well . However , as a previous customer mentioned , the adjustable strap is much too long - even for my petite infant . Please read below for my issue with the factory quality : Also , -LRB- DID NOT REALIZE AT FIRST -RRB- the metal piece -LRB- picture a miniature dumbell -RRB- that holds the adjustable strap & seat the the upper spring & clamp , was not properly in place -LRB- from the factory -RRB- . For a while I could n't figure out why the seat would always tilt to one side . Then , after a month 's use , I notice the plastic casing for the metal screw-like piece was dislodging from the upper section . So I would wiggle it back in place , thinking my baby just had really strong legs . Eventually , it became more difficult to finagle , so I took it down and throroughly inspected the thing . Turns out the metal piece had complete dislodged from its section and somehow -LRB- from the vigorous jumpin I suppose -RRB- slid to one side . I tried so hard to maneuver it back in place , but it was useless . I stopped using the jumper , since it did not seam safe anymore . I feel silly , not looking at things with a closer eye ... because it could have been dangerous and if I cought the deffect early on , it would have been possible to replace.THE END
 I was so excited to get this jumper in the mail today . When I tried to set it up in our doorway , I realized that it was not going to work in our house and am very disappointed ! We have an old house with 10 ft ceilings , and high doorways and aside from the straps not being long enough -- the clamp does n't fit around the molding . So it still wo n't fit in the more standard size doorways in my house , like a bedroom doorway . So , it does n't work in 2 ways - straps do n't adjust to be long enough , and clamp does n't fit around the molding . I do n't think our molding is anything that fancy , but maybe this jumper is just made to fit in a standard cookie-cutter house ! We are bummed , but have to return it . Would be nice if they made a jumper that was more adjustable . Anyone have any recommendations ?
 This is a fun jumper , but it is too long . Even when I adjusted it to the shortest level possible , my daughter 's legs were too low . It 's like she 's almost sitting on the ground . Our doors are standard , and my daughter is under 20lbs . so I do n't know why it hangs so low . It would be a lot more fun for her if she sat up higher and was able to jump with the tips of her toes .
 when baby first jumped , one of the 3 cables broke , was not useful . I returned it
 I guess every kid is different . I bought this due to the rave reviews . I thought my daughter did n't know she was supposed to jump in it . Eventually I realized it was just too boring and the toys were boring as well . A friend gave us a used FP Ocean Wonders Jumperoo . She LOVED it ! She jumped in that and it was great because the reward for jumping is certain sounds , music , and lights . This item is another to add on the list of baby things that just gathered dust .
 I was excited to recieve this Jumper as I reviewed a few `` You Tube '' videos and saw happy babies jumping endlessly . However , I was also torn between `` Jolly Jumper '' which if you looked up a few videos on `` You Tube '' the babies seemed pumped up on sugar and in a state of euphoria and that seemed more idea . Not that I feed my baby sugar , but it looked like so much fun that even I wanted one for myself -LRB- jk -RRB- . In any case it was a little more pricier , but after recieving Graco Bumper Jumper I can see why it 's best to spend a little extra . This item is limited to whatever size your doorway may be and the clamp seemed as though it was missing a piece , but no , that was how it came ... just a small plastic questionably hazardous clamp . You 're also limited to doorways only -LRB- I have openings between rooms and few doorways , I guess I should I have taken that into consideration before purchasing -RRB- and `` Jolly Jumper '' you can put anywhere because it 's a stand alone . Needless to say , he was n't happy about it . The part you adjust for height was at its max and my sons legs were almost touching the floor as his feet was dragging . I ca n't imagine if he had jumped the coming down part might hurt his legs due to the height -LRB- again to mention it was at its maximum height -RRB-
 My three month old absolutely loves this jumper . I purchased the hugga bebe for him to be able to fit and it works great . Definately recommended.UPDATE : : I purchased this about 4 months ago for my three month old and it WAS great for a while . When he was actually big enough to fit in the thing properly , there was no more strap to take up and he practically sits on the floor . I wish it was designed for standard door frames so he could actually use it . Too bad .
 I live in a 100 year old house and this just did not work for us . The only doorway this fit was the added on laurdry room ... clearly that is not ideal . Had to return : -LRB-
 Our baby LOVED this jumper while visiting a friend 's house . We like the colors and the bumper , and the price -LRB- $ 33 -RRB- . We would n't use the little toys , the jumping is stimulation enough.However , our house was built at the turn of the century and has about 6 '' molding on the top of each door , and the doorway is a little ` deep . ' Between the width and the height , the clamp just is n't tall enough to fit any doorway in our house . Although the specs I saw talked about doorway ` width ' for the clamp , it did n't say anything about large moldings -LRB- and I did n't even think about it until it arrived -RRB- . So I wish the stethoscope-looking part of the clamp were about 2 '' longer , so that the jumper could fit on our door jambs . Our 6-month-old actually looked disappointed to see the jumper from his friend 's house and then not be able to go in it.I am really disappointed too .
 I have a version of this jumper and used it for both of my children . My daughter loved it and had no problem with it . My son did well with it until just recently . He is 8 months old now and under the weight limit . He had dropped one of his toys that he was playing with while in the jumper . He leaned over to get it and leaned a bit too far causing the seat to turn over and he was dangling by his legs , I thought perhaps that it was because I had the seat down too low so I raised it as high as it would go and kept an eye on him . Within 10 minutes , he dropped another toy , leaned over to get it , and just about flipped the seat again -LRB- I caught him this time -RRB- . I really hate to give this product a negative review because both of my kids loved it so much , but it is potentially dangerous even when used properly .
 I received this jumper as a hand-me-down . I think my son would really like it , but it does n't fit over our door trim . Our trim is 5/4 x 6 . We have regular height doors -LRB- 6 ' -8 '' -RRB- in 2x4 and 2x6 walls . It seems like it would probably work with 1x4 trim or smaller . I looked at Graco 's product instructions and they do not specify trim size -LRB- other than it must be at least 1/2 '' thick -RRB- , so if you have large or deep mouldings you might want to check it out in a store before ordering .
 These work okay until they break . The plastic piece that you attach the strings to breaks off easily . Also , there needs to be more room for the cord to retract . We 've got tall windows and I 'm rather short , so after cutting the strings as short as I could still reach them when blinds are closed , they bunched up inside the winder when I pulled the blinds up . We 've had several break and honestly , they are just way too expensive for a piece of plastic with springs in it . You could probably modify an old tape measure for less money and have a better product for much less . Unfortunately , they are the only retractable winders I can find and that 's a necessary feature .
 These broke in less than a year and it 's impossible to put them back on if they fall off . Do NOT recommend .
 If you have more than two blind cords that are a decent length this thing will choke . They should have made the housing larger or at least sell larger units . Also we had one of these malfunction , had to take it apart but did n't go back together well . If you have a set of blinds on a window that has a somewhat small cord length and no more than two or three control cords it may be sufficient . Otherwise buy a cleat .
 The winding mechanism has failed after a year or so of usage time at least 2x so far . The length of our cord is fairly long for our wooden blinds , around 5 feet , so the winder ca n't ` wind ' the entire length of the cord . It does the job reasonably enough that I 'm not replacing the ones we have in place right now . However , when they break I 'm not getting blindwinders again to replace them .
 These are really nice while they work , but they break too easily and do n't last long enough . I 've had two break where they do n't wind the cord back up properly . The 2nd breakage is what prompted me to write this review . It 's too bad too , because I really liked these while they worked .
 My wife an I were happy to find these for both safety and aesthetic reasons . We bought two and were so pleased with them we bought two more . But after about a month of using them , two of the four stopped working , so now there is just a bulky box hanging on the end of our blind cords , making them possibly more dangerous then when I started . I would not recommend this product for anyone .
 I am fairly critical of design but this thing is just terrible . First of all it 's huge . Then ends of your cords look like big cubes hanging from your windows with large orange warning stickers . Second , they are not smooth and easy to use . The switch that is used to extend the cord is very small and annoying to operate . Finally , the cord never actually get permanently affixed to the device and if it ever comes loose without a safety pin put in place the device becomes permanently useless . -LRB- the pin you would most likely discard once you start using them -RRB- . I would ask for my money back if I thought I could get it . If I could give it less than one star I would . DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE !!!!!!
 I have never reviewed a product before , but my experience with this product was so bad I felt compelled . Not only is this product large , heavy and ugly when attached to your blinds it almost DESTROYED my custom made blinds . I followed the installation directions to a T. My blinds can go all the way down , and then open from the top . You need to remove any manufactured installed hardware on the strings of your blinds for the winder to work . So if your knot slips , poof , your binds do n't work at all . This is the second product I have purchased to try to wind my blinds and I thought since it was a more expensive product , It would work better . NOT SO . Save yourself the hassle of having to take down , fix your blinds , put them back up and return the product . I could n't be more disappointed .
 It 's a great concept but has poor execution . The ones I received broke even before I used them the first time and now I 'm out the $ $ . Would love to find something else but I have not been able to .
 Great concept , but too fragile . I 've had multiple of these break after just four or five retractions . I 'm going to stick to a simpler solution going forward .
 You have to actually cut your cord to put it on . We have n't tried it yet as I do n't want to cut my blind cords .
 Length :
 We bought this item , because we could not find what we were looking for anywhere else . We had it about 3 weeks and the piece that holds the nipples/caps broke off and now everytime we go to set bottles on it , we have to attach it back on . Not very durable .
 This bottle drying rack has too many pieces to put together making it difficult to stay in place . I am still trying to figure out how to make it stay put together . It would be alot better if it all was molded in one piece so it would not come apart so easily ! Very frustrating !!!
 I 'm an exclusive pumper , so in addition to bottles and nipples , I also have lots of pump parts to deal with . This spacious bottle rack looked like it would be the answer to all my problems!Sadly , my dreams of an organized countertop , with bottles drying neatly on a rack rather than an assortment of paper towels , were not to be . I brought this home , popped it in the dishwasher to sterilize it before using , and took it out , eager to assemble it . Unfortunately , not one but TWO of the pieces that snap together to keep the whole unit in one piece had broken.I immediately took the item back to the store . Very disappointing -LRB- and my kitchen is still a mess , too -RRB- .
 I received this drying rack for my shower before I had my son . When we got it out of the box -LRB- right after the baby came home from the hospital -RRB- we noticed that it was broken and the piece that the paci 's can hook on was broken . Needless to say , we needed to use it anyway , and to be honest , I really did n't miss it . -LRB- I put my paci 's in my dishwasher anyway -- but prefer to hand wash and sterlize my bottles -RRB- . I used it for about 3 months and then the WHOLE thing fell apart while cleaning it . It cracked and would n't go back together . It did fit my Playtex Vent-Aire bottles and all of it 's pieces pretty nicely , but I really think this rack is a piece of junk and very poorly made . I then went out and bought The First Years drying rack , and although it is smaller , it still does the trick and is sturdier .
 We used avent , Playtex Ventaire adn Dr. Brown 's with our daughter . This rack did n't work with any of them ! The Ventaires did n't fit well on dryer adn would wiggle all around and fall off if it was jiggled in the least . It did hold all of the Ventaire part well which that would be the only plus for this item.The wide neck bottles fit better in the dryer but still did n't fit well . But then the collars and nipples were really too big to work with this rack . The Dr. Brown 's were even worse becasue of the inside pieces.We never really were able to get stable enough to use in the folded position and we were never able to get anyting to hang on the hooks without falling either . We also had to buy 4 of these toeven find one that was n't broken when we took it out of the box . The first two were broken and the basket would n't hook on and the third one was broken and could not bend in the middle . This rack leaves alot to be desired to say the least .
 Broke when it fell off of the counter . Just shattered . Pretty silly item anyway . You do n't need one of these and you do n't need a sterilizer . Stick to Momma 's methods .
 This rack seems good in theory , but it is very flimsy and does not hold or support items . Very disappointed .
 Only holds a few bottles at a time . Gets the counter soaking wet because it leaks . Definently did n't work for me , sent it back the next day .
 I really do n't recommend this drying rack to anyone . It does give you alot of space to put your bottles , but it leaks all over the counter . I need to put a dish towel under it to keep the water from running all over and onto the floor . Not very happy with this product .
 Do n't waste your money on this bottle rack . I echo the comments of a previous writer that this rack only holds limited number of bottles and gets water all over the counter . I 've purchased three items manufactured by this company and they have all broken in short order , including this bottle rack . Stay away from their wipes warmer and their bathtub mat too .
 does n't dry your bottles at all . It leave a condensation and does n't dry completely . I give it one star for all the stuff it holds , but water leaks out so you have to put something underneath it .
 these break real easy . they have a single point of stress on the plastic . I 'd never buy another . Instead I recommend the mommyhook . it 's so much better for 2 reasons
 After less than a dozen uses it broke . My friend has the same product and she said hers broke too . I would not buy again .
 I kept buying these plastic hooks , hoping for the best . The first set were broken on a walk in cold weather -LRB- the plastic becomes very brittle in the cold -RRB- and the second set broke shortly thereafter . I went to a baby store and bought a big metal D type ring that has `` mommmy hook '' written on it and then went to Home Depot and saw the same thing without the writing for about 4 bucks less ... wish that I 'd have looked there first ! The metal one works great .
 dont buy this piece of junk for that much money because it will break if you hook even one 3 pound bag ! i give it 1 star because atleast i was able to save 1 out of 2 hooks just so i could hook my son 's diaper bag !
 It was great until one of the hooks broke -LRB- just snapped in half -RRB- less than two months after I bought them .
 I purchased these hooks thinking they would be great for my shopping bags , but sadly they only got 2 uses before one broke . Concept was good , but material to hold items not durable enough . I would invest in the velcro hooks .
 The plastic wheels on the Mosaic give a bumpy and noisy ride -LRB- reminiscent of the sound of a toddler riding a plastic toy truck on cement . -RRB- The steering is poor -LRB- again due to plastic tires -RRB- and it is difficult to handle - definitely requires 2 hands ! It gets stuck in the smallest inconsistencies on the sidewalk . The footrest slips down on one side . This stroller does fairly well in highly controlled environments -LRB- eg
 This item is not effective . I have put these in my outlets and my ten month old baby just ripped them out . They stick out too far and are way to easily grasped by a young baby . She is going to learn things can going into outlets from this product , not I have to purchase a different product . Waste of money .
 This is the worst child safety equipment there is . This actually helps my 15 months old , to grab on and remove it from the outlet . Pretty crappy .
 They were completely flat outlet caps . . No grip handle whatsoever . . Very disappointing . . : o -LRB-
 I found these extremely difficult to pull out when I needed to use the socket . I actually had to use the metal from the cord to pry under it to pry it up . I recomend buying the safety plates that you have to slide to make work . They are more expensive , but much easier to use .
 Do n't bother with this . Yes , it warms the wipes but in the short short time it takes to take the wipe out of the warmer and onto the baby the wipe is cool again . I guess the wipe is not a cold as it would be if it was never in the warmer - which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of one .
 This and the ultimate wipes warmer where two of the things that I purchased right away because I had read all of the reviews and everyone said they were `` lifesavers '' . Well , out of all of the items I have purchased these two were the BIGGEST waste of money and are more of an inconvenience than anything . This warmer needs to be plugged in to stay warm and when unplugged does not stay warm for long . If using these items make sure you always have a warm wipe because your little one gets use to the warm wipes which is not always so convenient when your on the go or traveling . My advice is save your money and buy something your baby REALLY needs .
 This warmer is not a true traveler . It only stays warm if plugged in .
 As a new mother , I wanted to get everything that would make the baby comfortable . As the months go by , I realized that there are some things I could have done without ... this is one of the things . Quite frankly , I think it drys out the wipes , and only warms the first two on top .
 I was so excited about this product when I saw it at -LSB- baby site -RSB- , I immediately registered for it . I have 3 more months until our little girl arrives , however this product arrived in the mail today . To say I 'm disappointed is an understatement . I thought this would a handy little travel wipes pack I could place in my diaper bag . I was wrong . The cord that you have to plug in to keep the wipes warm is too short to even wrap around the case . Out of the 50 + things that I registered for this one is going back !!!
 This product is definitely not a neccessity . The wipes stay warm once unplugged for about an hour only , and it 's way too big for a travel case . There is also a too-long cord that hangs off of the case , it 's really annoying . It would have made more sense to have it unplug directly from the case .
 I bought this warmer after reading all of the other reviews - I should have listened to the advice . This warmer is activated by the shock produced from clicking the metal disk - however , it is also activated by slight bumps to the diaper bag or even by sqeezing it to hard when you pick it up ! The idea is great , but this warmer is not worth the frustration of warm bottles three hours too soon !
 I bought this to warm bottles that were currently being kept cool with ice packs . In that case , the thing did not work . It got warm enough to knock the chill off the milk , but did n't come close to making the bottle warm enough that my son would actually drink it . However , I switched my approach so now , if I know I 'll be giving the bottle in an hour or less , I 'll heat the bottle at home and put the already warm bottle in this bottle warmer to KEEP the bottle warm . In that case , the thing works like a charm . I do the same thing to keep baby food warm . It really does stink if you 're trying to heat something that 's cold . I imagine that if the bottle started out room temp , it might get fairly warm . And if the bottle or food starts out warm , this will keep it warm . For that last reason , I love this thing . I use it at least weekly . But for an actually warmer ... to make something warmER , it stinks .
 I bought this item as we take a lot of car trips with our little one . I found that is constantly activates when you do n't want it to , then when you do need it , it is unusable because you have to boil it between uses . Do n't buy this it is truly useless !
 I was attracted to the idea of having a bottle warmer that does n't require electricity or a car adapter . But , while traveling , you do n't always have the ability to boil the product . And then , it takes a LONG time to heat up the bottle . Babies often ca n't wait that long . My newest technique is simply to use tap water already at my baby 's favorite temperature and put it in a thermos . The thermos keeps the same temperature for several hours -LRB- or I make the water really hot if I think that I wo n't be using it until later in the day -RRB- . Obviously , not helpful for those using pumped breastmilk , but much less hassle for those using formula .
 I had this item on my registry . It looked really cool and easy to use . I had a problem from day one . Finally , I gave it back to the store for a refund . Do n't bother !!!!!
 Maybe I just purchased a defective one but I took it out twice to use and both times had a problem . The 1st time I was no where where I could heat a bottle and when I went into my diaper bag to get it the stupid thing had already warmed and cooled so my poor child screamed until we found a place that would heat the bottle.Boiled it again figuring maybe we didnt keep it in long enough the 1st time and then put it in the closet . When I took it out to use it it was already hard . . apparently it had warmed/cooled on its own again . I threw it out and desided to buy the 8oz cans of ready to feed to take out with me . This way my baby -LRB- now 6 months -RRB- drinks her bottle room temp .
 We go to a lot of outside events -LRB- car shows -RRB- where a bottle ca n't be warmed so easily . I bought this bottle warmer after reading the ratings and thought that I could prevent the metal disc from activating itself . The first time I used this warmer I was very careful how I placed it in my diaper bag and I was also very careful not to bump my diaper bag . When I went to use it , I was very surprised to see that it activated itself . I did give this bottle warmer a chance ... I tried it about 6 times and it only worked one time . Needless to say , I returned it to Babies R Us . If you do decide to go against this rating , please keep your receipt . I think you would have to put this warmer in a steel case before placing it in your diaper bag in order for it not to activate itself ! It would be a great invention if it would n't activate itself ! I also would n't mind boiling the bag if the product would work .
 I got this warmer because I often need to warm a bottle while shopping or hiking when a power supply is not available . I knew it would take a while to warm up but it takes at least 15 minutes to warm a bottle up sufficiantly . That is if it didnt already go off before you needed it . No matter how carefully I pack it , the warmer gets set off before I ever get a chance to use it . Do n't rely on this item or you will have one cranky baby without a warm bottle .
 I bought this for the times I went places were it would be hard to have my daughter 's bottle warmed like the mall , the zoo , etc. . However , I have found like most of the other reviewers that it takes a long time to warm up and it activates on its own . For example just this morning it activated twice on its own and I did n't touch the disk , once was after I boiled it I was going to put it away and the second time was when I was trying to put it into the blue cover and it activated again . And the other down side is that you do have to boil it to reuse it so if you are going to be out for a long time where you might need to feed your child more than once you are still looking for a way to get the bottle warmed up . I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought this , I just happened to be in the store and saw this and thought it would be convienent , oh how I was wrong .
 I was going on a trip with my 3 month old across the county and bought this for the plane ride . As far as heating bottles , this does not work at all . You have to boil the bag after each use and let it cool down completely before trying to use it again which is a real hassle . It also activates when you do n't want it to . Most importantly , it does n't heat the bottle at all . It 's a neat product , and I would recomend this for using as cordless heating pad for your sore muscles ... but not for heating bottles .
 1 . Too heavy to lug around in diaper bag .2 . Too big to fit in average size diaper bag .3 . Gets activated with the slightest bump - not good if baby is not ready for a bottle ! 4 . One time use then you have to pull out a pot and boil the thing , then lay it to cool.I would n't have bought this product if I had known what a pain it would be .
 I purchased this warmer because I am on the go all the time and often feed my baby boy while we are out and about . I have found that it is more trouble than it is worth . It is only good for a single warming and it takes about 15-20 -LRB- sometimes longer -RRB- to warm the bottle . Also , I use the drop-in system , so I have to warm just the bag ... it wo n't warm at all if the bag in already in the bottle . I find it is just easier to carry a large big gulp sized cup in my car and fill it with hot water at a gas station or coffee place . It warms the bottle up in less than half the time . If I have no other options , I would boil this down and take it with me , but only if I had to . It has been sitting in my kitchen drawer now for a few months .
 i thought that this would be a great product to have since i am out often so it just makes feeding easier . my daughter likes her formula warm . the first time i tried it , it did take longer than i thought it would . i only warmed 4 oz and it took at least 5 minutes . i found that it helped the process if you swirl the bottle while in the warmer around a couple of times . my one major complaint is that i have taken it with me a couple of times and found that it would accidentally warm up in my diaper bag . it turns out that the activator disc seemed to have become VERY sensitive after using it . it basically just needs to be touched , not even `` clicked '' twice , like the directions say to start the process . so when i needed it , it was of no use . i am going to return this and exchange it for another one . i am hoping that this one is damaged . i am going to try my luck again .
 When I used this for the first few times it worked wonderfully ! Then , it started hardening on it 's own ... anytime from when I had just boiled it and laid it out to cool off on the counter to when it was in the diaper bag . So , when I went to use it , it was of no use to me . I found it MUCH easier to just go through a fast food drive through and ask for a glass of hot water , and warm the bottle that way . If I still had the box this came in I 'd return it to Babies-R-Us . But , I do n't have the box , so I 'm stuck with a useless product . Bottom line is not to waste your money on this product until it 's improved dramatically .
 Very useful if you can transport it without `` clicking '' the disc that activates the warming solution , and if you do it is useless if you are somewhere without a stove and a pot of boiling water . But it does warm bottles really well , just have to learn to be extra careful with it .
 I bought this warmer thinking it would be easy but like other reviewers stated the liner gets hard too quickly and it takes too long to heat up . I was very disappointed and returned it to Babies R Us . I bought one that you can hook up to your cigarette lighter and it works much quicker .
 I bought this to warm up refrigerated breastmilk when traveling . I only tried it once as it did not work very well in warming cold milk . When you press the button , you can feel the item warming up , but it never got really hot . After 15 minutes of warming , the bottle of milk was only lukewarm . Not very good if your baby prefers warmer milk . I did try the unit out before traveling , and it did work well warming up room temp water for formula milk . I had better success in warming up cold milk with carrying around a thermos of piping hot water and an empty plastic container to sit the bottle of milk in it and then pouring the hot water into the container when needed .
 This is a terrible product ! The idea is great , however the actual product is not . It worked once & then would harden on it 's own . I tried a few times & boiled the product to it 's liquid form only to have it harden on me before I could actually use it . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought this in mind for obviously when Im out to keep bottles warm . 1st of all as soon as you mesh the button it starts to warm-a bit of a wait -LRB- okay , a long time of a wait -RRB- & then that is it ! One time use . You have to re-boil it for another use . Pointless !
 I had done quite a bit of research on bottle warmers since the first one I had actually melted one of my son 's bottles while warming it . I was trying to find something that would fit our busy lifestyle and work like it says it should . After reading all the reviews on this site I thought I had found the perfect answer to our dilemma . Boy , was I WRONG!The product states that you are suppose to boil the ice pack looking thing until it is back to liquid state -LRB- approx 10-15 min -RRB- . When it is back to this state , you just click this metal disk at the top and the liquid will turn cloudy and solidify as it heats . It states it will start heating instantly to warm your babies bottle . It has unlimited use and boiling the ice pack thing will `` recharge '' the warmer . This was not the case for us.I had talked my husband into trying it -LRB- since he was skeptical at first -RRB- and we finally bought one at Babies R Us . As soon as I got home , I boiled it to turn it into liquid again . I let it cool completely and grabbed a bottle and filled it with water . I snapped the disk -LRB- several times since nothing happened -RRB- and figured I 'd let it sit for 10 minutes to see if it 'd work . It DID N'T ! I pulled it out and snapped it again and let it sit . It still did NOTHING but cloud a little -LRB- which it 's suppose to when the warming cycle starts -RRB- . I figured I did it wrong , so the next day -LRB- when I had more patience -RRB- I boiled it again ... 15 min this time , and let it cool.I grabbed the bottle of water , snapped the disk several times and let it sit for 10 min . NOTHING HAPPENED . It did n't even cloud this time.Needless to say , I returned the warmer in much frustration . I would n't recommend this item at all . It sounded too good to be true , and so far that 's exactly what it has been for us . So try it at your own risk , but save the receipt and make sure you can return it if you are disappointed , too !
 This is n't even worth the low price of $ 9.99 . It never worked for me . I returned it to the store for a refund . I purchased a soup container for $ 2.99 and put boiling water in it . The water stays HOT for up to seven hours so I just warm my bottles in that . Works great ! Do n't waste for money on this .
 If your bottles or the water you use is not cold or frozen , and you are able to prepare your bottles just before heating , this gadget may work for you . However , due to the nature of the cans our formula comes in , we have to premake and store our bottles in a thermal container with ice packs . During our recent air travel , we gave up on this thing and finally asked the steward for some hot water -LRB- which heated the bottle in 5 min -RRB- . This warmer simply takes too long and did n't heat up bottles as warm as our son prefers them - which created bottle battles ... not fun when you 're traveling during Thanksgiving : - -LRB-
 I bought this based upon the good reviews this has had , but it is a terrible product ! The first time I put this product into boiled water for 10 minutes to enable me to use it again , it split , leaking the crystals all over my counter top . It ruined the pan that I had it in , and meant a lot of cleaning up - who knows if they are toxic or not ? I returned it to Babies R Us for a refund and the woman at the desk said she ca n't believe the store still stocks them as they are ALWAYS being returned by people ! Do n't waste your money !
 I own one of these things and have used it once . To be perfectly honest , it is rather a pain . Yeah , it 's cool that it heats up and all , but boiling the thing for 10 mins to get it back to its gel state sucks . It is also not very lightweight . I do n't know about you , but with the amount of stuff I have in the diaper bag , the last thing I need is this thing weighing me down . I have found that keeping a clean bottle , a bottle of water at room temp and some powder formula -LRB- save your scoops -RRB- work the best for feedings on the road . And if you are at a resturant , it is far easier to just ask for some warm water . Then you do n't have to come home and remember to boil this stupid thing . I would n't buy it again .
 I too thought this was a great idea -- in fact , a friend had first introduced me to it , so I thought it must be good . It worked ok the first time , but then after I tried reusing it , the chemical reaction would start with the slightest movement -LRB- I was very careful handling and letting the thing cool -RRB- ; still I tried with variable luck to get it to work . The last straw -- about my sixth and final attempt -- was pulling the supposedly liquefied gel pack out of the insulator to find it had leaked and crystalized , making it totally unusable . Do n't waste your money !
 This bottle warmer was good for it 's first use , but you have to boil it before each use thereafter . 99 % of the time it started the heating process on it 's own before I got it out of the diaper bag , rendering it useless . The final time I boiled it , a little piece got stuck to the pan ... even though I was stirring it constantly . It was a mess and hard to clean off the counter , cabinet and floor . I took it to the trash immediately , on the way I got it all over my dining area rug . The gel hardened up on my rug and I ca n't get it off . It 's just not worth it . If you plan on formula feeding , I recommend the enfamil single serving packs that you add to room temperature bottled water . They are inexpensive and much easier than worrying about keeping premade formula cold and warming it up on the go .
 Thought this would be great for quick trips to the mall or doctors office where you really ca n't ask for hot water . It is so aggravating because the button is so sensitive , it activates all the time . Then you ca n't reuse it without boiling it . It never gets the bottle warm anyway . Might as well just let the cool bottle come to room temperature on its own if hot water is not available .
 I bought this so that I could warm bottles for the baby and because it came recommended from another mom . I like it at first , sure it was a pain to have to boil after each use to reset the heating mechanism but for the convenience , I did n't think it was too bad . I 've had it for a few months now and I really dislike it and am going to return it if I can.Problem # 1 -- You need to plan to use it because it will take up to 20 min to warm a bottle fresh from the fridge and a little less if it 's at room temp . If you baby likes a warmer bottle , then it can take longer . So , if you baby is n't on a really predictable schedule , this is n't the warmer for you.Problem # 2 -- I packed it in the diaper bag and then went to go use it only to find out it had been activated . The activation disk is very sensitive to being bumped or rubbed and will activate the heating crystals easily . So I was scrambling to find away to heat the bottle at the mall with a screaming/hungry baby . I ended up having to find a place to breastfeed which is n't easy if you have a baby that is a messy/distractable nurser , there is not a private enough place for these kiddos!Problem # 2 -- It 's heavy . It will definitely add weight to your diaper bag that is noticeable and it 's not petite in size.Problem # 3 -- the annoying problem of boiling it after each use takes on a whole different level of annoying when you have to spend 20 min boiling it when you have n't even used it because it was activated by accident ... stupid sensitive activation disk!Problem # 4 -- Not a big deal , but if you have older children this becomes a cool toy . They get amazed to see liquid turning to crystal and getting hot ... this is just as annoying as it getting accidentally activated!So for the amount of times I have actually used the item -LRB- twice -RRB- v. the times I 've had to boil this item to use it -LRB- at least 10 ! -RRB- I would n't buy this or recommend it to anyone .
 Save your money , I should have believed some of the other review . This warmer works , but does not put out enough heat to really warm a milk bottle in a reasonable time . Good concept , nicely assembled , but I could not recommend this to anyone else .
 So after researching over a month for the right car bed for my son , I decided to trust the reviews here and get Step 2 convertable car bed . The bed came in huge box without anything to protect the -LRB- cheap -RRB- plastic parts . Needless to say , the pieces had scratches all over them . Next , I see that the bag of the decals is ripped open and the all the stickers are wrinkled !!! I mean , are you kidding me ? you ship me a bed that obviously someone probably opened and returned to the warehouse ?!!! I ca n't believe that for this price I just payed , this is what I got . We were so looking forward to have my son sleep on it tonight and now I have to wait till Monday to call them up . Oh , and not to mention that the company does not deliver it all the way to your door , so if you are like me , and lives in an apartment building , they only bring it to the front of the building and you need to figure out how to carry it in . I am beyond pissed at the condition of the bed and will contact them first thing on Monday to demand an explanation . I will give an update soon ...
 i paid $ 125.00 for shipping and it was to be delivered by the 23rd at the latest and now i doubt it will even arrive before christmas .
 We 're so looking forward to get this convertible bed for our 2 year old boy but we refused to get it through online because the shipping is away too expensive , $ 165 . It 's almost the same cost as the bed . We hope Toysrus will carry them in store soon or they have internet promotion for free shipping on this item . Otherwise they will lose business ...
 My husband and I were so excited to get this bed for our nearly 2 year old son . First , we found that there were no actual screw holes , just outlines for where the screws were supposed to go . Not a big problem for us since we could use an electric drill instead of screwdrivers . Then , we noticed that the boards that were supposed to hold the mattress up were already crumbling and big chunks were coming off -LRB- some chunks were literally the size of my hand -RRB- , which is a safety concern . If these boards could n't even make it to our home without falling apart , what confidence could we have that they would be able to hold up our son and his mattress for the next few years ? Not much . However , we considered just buying new planks of wood -LRB- albeit better quality than what Step2 had provided -RRB- so we put the twin mattress on the bed . The mattress came up so high that it was nearly higher the sides -LRB- the sides came up past the mattress by less than an inch -RRB- . Altogether , the bed and the mattress were too high for our liking , we would have had to buy new planks of wood , and the bed just did n't seem to be great quality.Overall , very let down , particularly since we 've liked Step2 products in the past and were really looking forward to our son enjoying this bed . We returned it to the store the same day that we got it .
 This is my first review and I wanted to touch on a couple things that I feel would be important to know about his bed.First the box was destroyed in shipping , most of the parts were scratched and marred . The wheels are thrown in an unsealed bag , and by the time it made it to our house they were out of the bag and banging around . The sticker pack was damaged and folded up . The packing is horrible as I have read from othersSecond , It was very easy to put together and it is what it is . One of the molded pieces that you slide the bumper onto before screwing , was not aligned with the other tabs , so its not a great fit , we really had to crank on it and bend it to fit , this is a factory blemish . Apparently , someone discovered this issue and returned the bed to step 2 and we managed to get the returned bed instead of a brand new one . Also the screw holes were already used and reamed out . This was a huge disappointment considering we picked the bed up and set up on Christmas Eve . It was supposed to be a gift for our 2.5 year old . We didnt put any stickers on because I guess we are going to see what step 2 says about this on monday.Third , We intended on using a twin mattress . WEll since they recommend the mattress be ONLY 4IN TALL and the basic twin mattress from Sams club we bought is about 8 in tall and it is well over the sides of the bed . DOES A 4 '' TALL TWIN MATTRESS EVEN EXIST ????? So after seeing this as a huge issue with him rolling out of the bed we put the crib mattress in and there is a 4 in gap all the way around the mattress , so you need to line the mattress with blankets or they basically sleep on the plastic if they roll to the side . If your child is anything like mine , he likes to sleep pressed against something , which means he sleeps on plastic.I bought this based on the reviews , and am very disappointed . I am not sure if I am even going to get a replacement . Has step 2 ever seen a mattress , I have never seen a 4 '' thick mattress in my life , even his crib mattress is 6-7 '' thick . Honestly it needs to be redesigned . They need to make the base the mattress sits on about 4-6 '' lower . By doing this a standard twin mattress will be a couple inches below the sides , and would be suitable for a young child to sleep on the bed without rolling out of it . Take a look at the stock picture you can see the crib mattress is still 3-4 inches above the race track tray and they are using a thinner than normal mattress . And when you convert to a twin bed , you actually raise the base the mattress sits on by 3-4 '' so its even higher . This is backwards in my opinion considering a crib mattress is thinner than a basic twin .
 It was n't long enough . Also , the tape was n't sticky enough so it fell off the wall within a day . I would not recommend .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR TEN DOLLARS AND WHEN I INSTALLED IT , I REALIZED THAT IF I JUST BOUGHT ONE OF THOSE CHEAP PLASTIC PICTURE FRAMES THAT STAND ON THEIR OWN , IT WOULD DO THE SAME THING . I BOUGHT A PANORAMIC SIZE FRAME AND RESTED THE STANDING PART UNDER MY TV AND NOW IT 'S BLOCKED !!! THE FRAME WAS ONLY TWO DOLLARS AND IS MORE STURDIER THAN THIS FLIMSY PIECE OF PLASTIC !
 I read the reviews however the pictures were n't helpful to tell if this would work . Once I got this I saw that it will not work at all with our TV . The front has to not only be flat but has to be flush with the On button and it ca n't be at the end of the flat part because this piece attaches with an adheasive ! Sucked and I need to return it .
 Our television face is somewhat curved so the velcro tabs that came with this guard would not hold the thing in place . Our 15 month-old son was able to pull it off immediately . So , we tried to glue the strips onto the t.v. and then stick it that way . This would not hold it either . The glued pieces remained in place , but the guard 's velcro pieces would not hold.In retrospect , I believe that even with a completely flat t.v. face , my son would still be able to pull the guard off and push buttons on the t.v.
 I thought I was buying a different `` L shaped '' TV guard , not some tiny rectangle of plexiglass . This is completely worthless to us . Save your money and go to Walmart and buy 2 of those clear 8 x 10 photo frames for 2 for $ 5 . That 's what we did in the end to protect our components -LRB- DVD player and receiver -RRB- . We already set our LCD tv up higher out of reach , but the components were the problem .
 While I do appreciate that this product is good for preventing gas and that it has a tri-flow nipple , it proved much too fast , even at the slowest setting for my 2-month old nursing son ! I pump during the day for him and provide him bottles while I am at work , and the speed was much too fast for him , even at the lowest setting . It is a quality product , so if you are only using bottles , it will probably be wonderful !
 This product LOOKS very practical , but it is SOOOO not . The milk leaks out when the container is heated either from the adaptor or from the nipple attachment . I contacted avent about this problem and it turns out you are not supposed to use the same nipples for the nurser that you use for the avent bottles because they do n't fit . Who has time to go thru nipples and separate them out when they look EXACTLY the same . Waste of money if you ask me . Stick with the bottles for storing milk , they worked much better for me .
 I bought this based on the previous review . It is utter garbage . The basket is one size and the interior liner with which it arrives is another smaller size that does not stretch . so when you stretch it to fit over the sides of the basket , it buckles and breaks the cheap woven material of which the basket is constructed . I would return it but the manufacturer but they will not refund postage in wither direction , and it arrives in a big box . So by the time that postage is accounted for I would ultimately be refunded $ 15 , and out the time of dealing with this . It looks cute but turned out to be a waste of money and time . If you have a heavy child this basket seems rickety . I would not trust it .
 Bought this 3 weeks ago , the material is as expected.But the big problem is the cover can not slip over the basket ! No matter how hard I tried.After 30 minutes , I was in a sweat and decided just to returned it .
 I have tried to use this pump on several occasions ... . like the book says : after a shower , after a feeding , before a feeding , and so on . The suction is not there at all . I have n't even bought another pump so that i do n't waste my money , there is no returns -LRB- which i understand why -RRB- ; however , i think that the retailers should stand behind the products they sell , why should we have to deal with the manufacturer ?!
 I bought this breastpump after reading reviews that it was the best manual pump there is . Now I think I 'm going to throw this thing out the window !! I 've never tried another manual pump so I ca n't compare , but I can tell you this one is very frustrating to use . . It loses suction all the time , especially with the petal thing . It 's very messy as well -- I 've spilled milk on myself numerous times . I 've also sat pumping for an hour and gotten only drops . -LRB- And my milk supply is good . -RRB- If this is the best manual pump out there , God save us all . I 'm getting an electric one tomorrow .
 I hated this pump ! every time i tried to pump using this pump i couldnt even get a single drop ! I could be leaking from both breasts ... put this on my breast and try to pump ... nothing ! it was very very frustrating . . a complete waste of $ 50 . The other reviewers seem to have better luck than me , because i felt this was a waste . I ended up using the medela pump in style double electric pump , which was extremely efficent , although i did have very sore nipples from it ! I would never recommend this product to anyone . and the disposable bottles were a pain to use because the lids were difficult to screw on correctly because the plastic was more flimsy than a regular bottle . obviously they are disposable and that is the reason , but doesnt make it any easier to use !
 The pump comes with plenty of accessories for storage and feeding which makes it a great buy , but the let down massage coushin is no good . It does n't provide a tight seal around the funnel so suction is poor . I use the pump without the coushin and the suction is powerful , and painful because more of the nipple is being pulled into the funnel . I find myself having to pump with one hand and massage the breast with the other to get the milk to start to flow . I would reccomend this machine with caution .
 Now that my baby is 3 months old , I 'm going back and rating everything ... this is one of those items that absolutely did not work for me . I 've tried it with full , half-full , and barely full breasts . I ca n't get one drop out with this pump . I ended up with the medella electric pump and love it -- use it daily without difficulty . The only thing that I can figure is that I never have a let-down feeling , not do I leak so maybe my breasts are too uptight for the hand pump . I do like avent bottles though !
 This is the first time I write a review but after buying this crap I felt I had to . I have used Avent products before for my two older children and was always satisfied . After reading the reviews for the breast pump I decided to try it out . I thought it might be a good alternative since I did not plan to pump very much . Well , it ended in the garbage can . Basically , the pump has no suction . I have a baby nurse helping me out for the first weeks and she has many years of experience . She can not believe how bad this product is . DO NOT BUY IT . SAVE THE MONEY . I ended up buying a Medela electric pump and I am happy with it .
 The first few times I used this pump , it worked alright . But the insert to help with let-down was ineffective from the start . After a few months , the cheap plastic pieces kept falling off , coming loose , or losing their suction . It 's now gotten to the point that it has no suction when I try to pump . I hardly used this pump so it did n't fall apart from using it too much . I now use an electric pump and it is SOOOOO much better and faster . I would n't recommend this product , although I do n't know if any of the manual pumps do the job very well .
 I bought this pump after my first child was born . Although I -LRB- and then my husband , and then my mother -RRB- read the instructions thoroughly , took it all apart and put it back together , and called the 800 number for help , no matter what I did , I could n't even get one drop of milk with this pump . I ended up buying the Medela pump , which was fantastic from the start -LRB- and fast ! -RRB- . For me at least , this pump was a waste of money .
 I bought the Isis having read many reviews . I suppose I thought the negative reviews were written by people who did n't take enough time to practice , or who did n't assemble their pumps correctly . Now I wish I 'd been more receptive to those negative reviews.This pump does not work at all for me . In fact , the more I `` practice '' with it , the less milk I get . I also have trouble with the Pump in Style , so maybe suction-type pumps just are n't for me.But the real reason I 'm giving the Isis the lowest possible rating is that it is MADE SO POORLY . No company would ever get away with making a product this shoddy for men . Even if it had worked for me , it would anger me to pay $ 50 for a pump that leaks and that is made of a cheap plastic that ca n't go through the dishwasher . Also , the handle attatches in a way that does n't feel secure . You do n't feel like you have good control over the suction strength . And worst of all , the pump does lose suction VERY FREQUENTLY , even if you have put it together correctly and wet , as the instructions recommend . This says to me that the materials were not thoughtfully chosen -LRB- to adhere to each other and seal well -RRB- and the tolerances are not precise . The Isis has been on the market long enough that Avent should have addressed these issues by now -- that is , if Avent cared about delivering a high-quality product to its customers.There are other options . I wish I had tried the Whittlestone manual pump instead of the Isis . I still have n't tried it , so maybe it 's just as bad or worse . Whatever you decide , please use your dollars to send the right message to manufacturers of products for babies and nursing mothers -- tell them that quality matters .
 I got this pump as a shower gift and thought it was going to be great . I thought that since I was breastfeeding I was not going to pump much and only need a manual . This pump DOES NOT work and can actually be quite painful . I called customer service 3 times to try to figure out how I could get suction . The pump does not work by using suction and I could not get any results each time I tried , just red and sore . I tried all the tricks they told me to no avail . It was frustrating . I eventually went out and bought the Evenflo pump which you can plug in and not have to hand pump , so great ! I called customer service again to see if I could get money back or some compensation . They DO NOT do this !! The lady only kept repeating the same thing over and over ... we only guarantee that you will end up with a working pump -LRB- which means that if you send in the pump and it works with their testing , they just send it back and you are left with a pump that still does n't work and out the money you had to spend on another one -RRB- . Two of my friends also said that they had the same problem with the pump , things they did n't tell me before I registered : -RRB- Please do n't waste your money or time . Also even if you think you only need a manual , it still is a lot of work each time you want to pump . The Evenflo was comparable in price and I can plug in and work on other things as I pump .
 After receiving the Avent Isis Back to work Manual Pump at my shower ... I thought I was all set . Until I had the baby , successfully breastfed for 3 weeks , and tried to `` Hand Pump '' and it did not work . And of course , once you open these packages ... you can not return or exchange . So I bought the First Years Easy Comfort Single pump , -LRB- only 40 dollars more -RRB- HOPING , that this would work for me . AND IT DID . I unpacked it , and was able to pump 4 oz on the first try !! Save your money and skip the manual pumps ... they may work for some people , but spend the extra few dollars for a really good electric one and be sure that you will be making a good investment !
 I bought this model when my daughter was 2 weeks old because she could not latch on to me . Have had only one month when the petal liner would detach during pumping . I pump every 2 hours and find this very frustrating . I called advent , they told me to boil the small parts in distilled water and several teaspoons of white vinegar . They also said not to wash with antibacterial dish detergent , that that and the breast milk leaves a residue on the parts that make them not stick as well . Not real convenient when I have two older sons to take care of as well . Bottom line , I am looking for a new pump . $ 50 dollars down the drain .
 This pump hurts like crazy ! I guess I just do n't have the tolerence for 30 minutes of pain every few hours . With this manual pump you have to pump one side at a time . Thus it takes just as long as it would to breastfeed so why not just do that ? The cost of this manual is great , plus you get storage containers that you can use as bottles . Those are the only two reasons I gave it 2 stars .
 Apparently this pump works for SOME people but it does n't work for everyone - it cetainly did n't work for me . I was never able to pump a single drop ! When I contacted Avent , they refused to offer a refund or an exchange for another Avent product . $ 50 down the drain -- plus I had to buy another pump -LRB- which worked fine -RRB- . Avent does n't stand behind their product . I wish I 'd known this before I wasted my money .
 I was incredibly disappointed with this pump ! The Ameda hand pump that they gave me at the hospital worked MUCH faster!After one use of the Isis pump , it lost suction , I re-read the manual and even replaced parts with the spares it came with , nothing!It is absolutely not a time-saver . I though that I would try it and see if it did work as fast as it claimed and if it did n't , I had n't lost that much money and would then buy an electric pump . Well , it did n't work and I ended up buying an electric pump . Also , with the Isis , you can only pump one breast at a time and with an electric you can do both or only one . It only takes me 6 minutes with an electric pump.I wasted my money , do n't waste yours .
 I am extremely disappointed with this pump . I mainly breastfeed my son , but I do need to pump while I 'm at work -LRB- 2 days a week -RRB- and sometimes when I 'm at home . I thought that this manual pump would be just fine for that . I was WRONG ! First of all , I read the directions very carefully -LRB- I 'm a `` follow the directions exactly step-by-step '' kind of girl -RRB- . I could n't seem to get any suction with this thing -LRB- or if I did , it would only last for a second or two -RRB- . I 'm not sure where the problem was coming from -LRB- I think a bad seal with the milk collection container -RRB- . I could n't get the collection container/cup to stay in place . It was a joke . I think that in the 3-4 weeks that I tried to use this product , I MAY have pumped 3 ounces . I fought and fought with this thing . I 'm not even going to go into the nightmare of trying to clean this thing and all its parts !! I tossed the pump in the garbage and went straight for the big guns ! I 'm renting a symphony medala from the hospital where I work . I will usually get at least 8 ounces each time I pump with the Symphony . I talked with some other new mommies about this product , and they all agreed . Nobody seemed to care for it . A friend of mine bought the Pump In Style and really likes it -LRB- after trying ... and hating ... this Avent pump -RRB- . Hope this helps .
 Using this pump was extremely painful and it still did n't even work . I highly recommend an electric pump .
 Save your money and time . This pump has no suction , better to go with electric . It 's completely useless if you are any bigger than an A cup - fully engorged.I pumped exactly how the instructions said , tried it over 10 times and never got more than 1 drop out , even when I let-down and it was dripping out without me doing anything . Even when I was leaking , the minute I put that thing to my breast , all flow ceased . This is a piece of crap !
 I purchased this unit and discovered on the small seal , NO REFUND or RETURN . This unit was not suggest to be used for our situation and we needed a motorized unit . So I tried to return the unit at Babies R US , they so read me the print on the stickers and told me to call ISIS . I call and ISIS told me to talk to Babies R US . I call Toy R Us customer service and they told me to to call ISIS.Buyers beware of the return policy
 I 've been trying to use this thing for 5 months . Finally I melted it in attempt to clean it . Anway , If you only want to pump an oz after a half hour by all means buy it . My LLL contact said I was using it properly , but for a lack of a better term it was a piece of crap . I stongly reccomend not buying this !
 I was desperate and engorged . I had my Mom and Husband go shopping for a pump . I could not justify buying an electric pump because I was not going to use the pump everyday . So I told them to get me a manual . They bought the Avent Isis . It was horrible . I read and re-read the instructions . I could not get any milk out . Eventhough without a bra I was leaking . I could not get the suction right . When I got it to hold on to my breast I would pump it too hard and be in agony . I went to go see a lactation consultant to show me how to use it after blood came out of my nipples . She told me there is a definate art to using a manual pump and to try an electric one for occasional use . I bought a Medela Single and boy am I glad . It is so easy to use and it does the work for you . Do n't waste your money , it is not worth the time or the pain .
 I bought 2 packages of these before traveling from MI to NC for a family trip . I wanted to continue pumping for my twins and they seemed like a great idea since they stack nicely . On the way down I lost 3 pumpings worth of milk because the mini padded cooler they were in tilted to its side and all of the milk spilled -LRB- like loosing gold ! -RRB- ... Thinking MAYBE I did n't tighten the lids enough , I really cranked the next ones on ... had to call 3 people before anybody could open them . That was no treat since I had 2 screaming babies waiting for bottles.These containers really are constructed poorly ... they are sooo easy to cross thread and at least two of them leaked no matter what when I tipped them to the side ... what kind of breast milk container leaks ?? I strongly recommend purchasing something else !
 I wish I had put storage bags on my registry instead . They work okay as a multipurpose container , but my freezer is full of these things . Moreover , I got the 8 oz ones , so they are only 1/2 full as my newborn only drinks 3-4 oz right now.One of the major pains about these is that you have to buy the lids and the containers seperately . Plus , you need an adapter to fit the pump . . something I didnt know I needed and did n't get . Another waste of money from Avent .
 I have used the Avent Isis pump for all three of my children and thought this product would be just as good and liked the fact that it works with the pump . I was wrong . Problems encountered include , it is very difficult to screw the caps on tight - they tend to leak , expensive - instructions recommend only using about 4 times and then discarding , measurements are hard to read , they do not hold a full 8 ozs , due to the shape narrow on the bottom and wide on the top they tend to tip over easily , and the adaptor for the pump is incovenient as I forgot to pack it more than once ! Save your money use bags or pump into the bottles directly if you are not freezing .
 I did n't like these for a few reasons . They take up too much room in my freezer . They take too long to thaw . I do n't care for the avent isis pump . I have been using the gerber freezer bags instead and I can freeze my milk flat and it thaws much quicker .
 I bought the Isis pump that came with these containers and also purchased a 10 pack of them at the same time . After using the ones that came with the pump a few times , i did n't like them . They are good in the fridge , but once you freeze them they tend to leak when thawing . I returned the unopened 10 pack and bought some of the 4oz bottles with storage caps instead . They were a little more expensive but well worth it . I love those and highly reccomend them . They also sell just the sealing disc , if you already have plenty of bottles .
 I love Avents bottles , nipples , and manual pump , but these storage containers are not something I will buy again ! They leak easily . The tops can not be screwed on to avoid this and since I have to transport milk back home from work , I have had quite a few messes to clean up . I am going to stick with the regular bottles .
 The lids on these are easy to screw on incorrectly and then they leak milk . What a waste .
 I was very excited to avoid the messiness of pouring my expressed milk into a separate container for freezing and then into a bottle but it was not worth it . Here 's the problem
 It 's too bad I did n't know how impossible it would be to get the lids off before I had stored a week 's worth of milk on these . Neither my husband or I could get the tops off ... even using screwdrivers and various other tools to try to pry them off . The only one that came open was the one that dropped on the tile floor as I pulled it out of the freezer , of course , it only came open because the container cracked and the milk cube went flying across the kitchen floor ... our dog loved his treat !
 I started with these , thinking it would be convenient to use the adapter for a nipple , but switched to the Medela bags in less than a week . My main reason is that the cups take up too much room in the freezer and take much longer to defrost/warm milk than the bags do . Also , the cups started to warp when I sterilized them for the first time -LRB- even though you 're supposed to be able to use them three times before discarding -RRB- , and the lids do n't screw on once the cup is warped .
 They are messy when they opened . I get milk on my hands and they cost way too much . I do n't have much room in my freezer . when you buy the refills you have to purchase the tops and the containers seperate ... it 's like $ 17 for ten : - -LRB-
 these are horrible , they do n't pour well , and can only be used a couple times . If you want more durable better quality and probably cheaper storage I would go with milk mates . Plus milk mates bottles can attach to certain breast pumps , mine is lansinoh , and its a perfect fit !
 The fancy design of Avent VIA system did attract me into buying it . However , after the first use , I was so disappointed that I throw everything away . First of all , it leaks . Secondly , it erupt in my frezer when I tried to freeze my breastmilk for future use . Thrid , the cap craked after second use . It was not convienet , not secure and not up to Avent 's standard .
 The tops do not fit the bottoms properly , so when you mix formula it leaks out everywhere and the milk gets caught between the top and bottom , making it suction closed and impossible to open . The force required to eventually open this results in more spillage/milk loss . Also , there is no grip or leverage feature , so cups and tops are slippery - again , hard to open . I SO regret buying these things and curse them everytime I have to use them -LRB- and then clean my kitchen floor , counter top , etc. -RRB- .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying the Avent pump , which is only compatible with Avent bottles . The lids really do not close properly and we 've had milk leak out several times . When you pour in milk that is a little warmer , sometimes the lid wo n't even open . Plus , the measurements on the sides are almost invisible so it 's really difficult to tell the amount I 'm pouring in.I would not recommend this product at all .
 These are old Avent containers . My box had a 2004 manufacture date . Avent did n't start producing the BPA-free containers until 2008 . The new boxes say `` BPA-free '' on them and this one does not . Do not buy if you have concerns about using products with BPA .
 I have used these containers and the milk escaped by the time I reached home .
 I use the Avent bottles and a Medela pump . With my first child I purchased several 4 oz and 9oz Avent bottles and sealing discs once I realized just how much I was spending in milk storage bags . It was considerably cheaper to invest in the bottles.With the second child , now 4 months old , I had more milk to freeze than bottles . So instead of buying more bottles , I tried these . I will use them for the 3 allowed times , then I am going back to buying regular bottles as needed.Downfalls : - Hard to know if they are sealed , but not had issues with spilled milk since I only transport the milk when frozen.-Can only be used 3 times ; if you have lots of bottles , it 's hard to keep track of this.-Lids are not sold separately - I have already cracked one.-You still need a collar for the adapter to work as a bottle ; the kit does n't come with collars . You ca n't buy the collars separately.-Measurements on the side are very faint and hard to read.-If you fill them to the 6oz/8oz mark , there is not much room for expansion when the milk freezes . I only fill to 5oz or 7oz respectively for fear of explosion in my freezer.-The regular 9oz bottles actually use less room for me in the freezer . I have found that a regular soda can rack works well in the freezer with the 9oz bottles . -LRB- freeze them upright first and then store them sideways in the rack - easy to keep track of which milk is the oldest -RRB- The only plus I have found to this , is that with the Medela/Avent converter , I will be able to pump into a sterile disposable bottle while traveling with my infant . Then I can feed her the bottle while in her car seat , eliminating long stops to feed . I have done this with the regular bottles , but then had to deal with storing empty bottles while traveling .
 I bought this set because I was going back to work and thought this system would work out well for both milk storage and feeding in daycare . I already use the Avent bottle system and have the adaptor for my Medela pump , so I could pump directly into it which was a plus . The fact that they stack was also nice , since I do n't have a lot of room in my cabinets . Finally , I liked the idea that I could cut out all those pouring milk from bottle to bag to bottle again steps . It all sounded like it would work well , but the negatives ended outweighing the positives for me : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It 's too expensive for something that 's supposed to be `` tossable '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- If you use the containers for breast milk storage and write the name and date on the container , you ca n't reuse them again unless you cross out the date and name from the first use , it 's a minor thing I know , but it just bugged me ! -LRB- 3 -RRB- Screw top containers do n't screw on and seal very well -LRB- 4 -RRB- You only get two adaptors to turn it into a bottle and they do n't sell them separately , and then when you do convert it to a bottle they are too big and bulky . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The ounce markings are really hard to see when there is milk in the container -LRB- 6 -RRB- If you freeze them , it takes a lot longer to thaw than a milk storage bag and they take up more space in the freezer than milk storage bags .
 I made the mistake of purchasing several of the Via containers . My intention was to use them for freezing breastmilk rather than dealing with the slippery bags . They stack nicely , but that 's where the pros end . They leaked constantly in my diaper bag , no matter how many times I tried re-screwing the lids . Using the adapter to insert an Avent nipple also resulted in a leaking mess . But , most importantly , after more than a few weeks in the freezer , the fat in the breastmilk in the containers began to break down faster into the `` soapy smelling '' lipids . This is common occurence in frozen breastmilk , but the smell and taste -LRB- yes , I tasted it to make sure it was n't soured -RRB- was much worse than breastmilk that had been frozen the same duration in a Gerber SealnGo bag . Bottom line
 This is a love/hate relationshipLoveThat they work so well with bottle accessories and cups stuff later on.They tack nice and do n't take up too much room.Fit right onto the Avent pump.Store nice and works well for freezing.Great stackability.Easy to write on in pencil and erase -LRB- to know which batch comes first -RRB- . HateThey were hard to screw on -LRB- the flat tops to the bottoms and many times were on crooked -RRB- . Leaked too much milk -LRB- and as any BFing mother knows ... losing milk is well like losing money -RRB- .
 I have 2 children and I am a HUGE fan of Avent products . After struggling with the storage bags with my first pregnancy , I was thrilled to read about these containers while I was pregnant with my second child . I immediately purchased them . They have been awful . When I shake them after warming , or when I am feeding my baby , the milk leaks through the seal . I am afraid to use them even just to freeze milk because I am concerned that if the milk leaks when you use them for warming or feeding , then how can it keep my stored milk fresh ? I was so disappointed . I went back to using the storage bags and the regular bottles to store milk.I have read customer complaints about the Avent bottles leaking too . When I originally began using them , I had the same problem . I called Avent and they informed me that you can make the bottle too tight . So after making the adjustment they described , I never had a leaking problem again . This was NOT TRUE for these disposable containers . No matter what I did I could not get them to work . Keep buying Avent products just not this one .
 The lids are so hard to screw on straight . You think they are on tight , then when you hold them up at eye level you will often find that they are on crooked . Also when you twist the lid open or closed , it is hard to get a good grip because the gripping area is very thin.They are expensive too , a total waste of money . Who wants a disposable system where you have to keep -LRB- and wash -RRB- the lids ?
 Not enough lids , takes a lot of space in the fridge -- total waste of money -- simple bags work so much better ! Good advertisement , but not much of a use .
 I got this system thiking that it would be great to have something stackable and convienent to use . I was so upset when the containers began to leak . I was even careful not to wash in the dishwasher - thinking that might be the reason for the leaking . I had my milk leak at least 5 times before I gave up .
 This storage kit is great with the pump and bottles . I used the storage kit to carry my son 's formula powder to add to his bottle . If the lid was screwed on to tightly or improperly , it was completely difficult to unscrew . Also , if any liquid or power was in the rim of the lid it was impossible to get a tight seal . This storage kit did not meet my expectations for the price .
 1 . they leak2 . too expensive3 . they do n't supply enough lids , so you have to buy more containers4 . does n't work well for feeding
 These work well enough as sippy cups and it is nice that the parts are interchangeable from bottle to sippy . However you do n't save any money because all the parts cost more than most sippy cups . The real problem is that there are too many parts . Too much trouble to have to assemble and disassemble and make sure all the parts get washed and dried and not misplaced . There is the bottle itself , handles , screw cap , mouth piece , valve , and finally the cap .
 The cup comes with a rubber valve -LRB- which is the `` spill proof '' mechanism -RRB- . When the valve is on the cup , there 's no way to suck the water out , which defeats the purpose of drinking anything from it . If you take the valve out , then the cup is not spill proof . My baby just turns it over and the water comes gushing out . This things is useless . We ended up buying another cup at Walmart that works wonderfully -LRB- totally spill proof no matter what my baby does and easy to suck as well -RRB- , I just do n't know the brand of it becuase it 's not on the cup itself .
 The venting mechanism designed to relieve the negative pressure makes it impossible to draw any liquid out unless the cup is tipped back far enough so that the liquid inside completely covers the underside of the lid . So it works fine if the cup is really full . If anything less than 50 % full , baby needs to tilt his head waaaaaay back , or else he will just suck air . Returned the product .
 I agree with the other reviewers . I have 4 of these for my 14-month old daughter and she loves them . They 're easy to drink from but ... THEY LEAK ! They 're fine when they 're upright but once they lay on the side , they start to leak from where the air is supposed to vent . There 's also too many parts so I might just have to try the Gerber brand .
 Problem is the insert that prevents the cup from leaking grows mold very easily ! Make sure you clean it regularly to prevent growth or keep it in fridge when it 's too warm out . Empty every day before bed and wash immediately . It is best to prevent mold from growing on it - because cleaning the insert is close to impossible - in my experience . I 'd recommend `` the Safe Sippy '' instead , or `` Clean Kanteen '' .
 I bought the 6m + version of these sippy cups as my daughter has used Avent bottles with great success . My major problem with these cups is that they are so incredibly hard to get any liquid through that my daughter could n't drink from them!We tried several times over the course of a couple months -LRB- she was 6 months when we started them -RRB- with no success . When I tried the cup to see if she was just giving up on it because it was new , * I * had a hard time getting the liquid out!So , while I think the rest of the cup is designed well , the handles are easy to grab , the bright colors catch her eye , I through the sippy lid to the back of the drawer . We now use the colored cup part more as an indicator that it does not contain milk , and have started using a Playtex sippy with great success.It 's definitely spill proof , but unless your kid is a master of sucking , this very well could be sip-proof as well .
 I found that more liquid came out of the sides and the vent hole than came out of the sipping mechanism . My son would suck on it , but the mechanism was so tight that the liquid would turn foamy . Bad for the tummy , frustrating , and makes a big mess .
 These cups leak like crazy ! I took pictures of them leaking . I will be uploading them into amazon 's product picture page , we 'll see if it 's approved . There is a hole at the base of the nozzle , right where it meets the colored plastic . I do n't know why the hole is there , but all of the cups have this design flaw . Do n't waste your money on these cups . They are cute , but they leak and make a terrible mess . I 've tried gerber cups and those were a lot better .
 unless your child drinks their cups laying down , which is highly not recommended , this cup is useless and frustrating . i tried for 6 months to make them work and they just do n't .
 I was so excited to buy these with our first daughter . I thought it was really neat how easy it was to transition from the Avent bottles to the sippy cups and it is really cool because the nipples from the bottles also fit the sippy cups but the trouble starts when you replace the nipples with the white sippy cup spout . LEAK , LEAK , LEAK ... . I tried everything to get these cups not to leak . There is a plastic piece that fits on the inside that is suppose to keep the fluid from leaking out but it doesnt work well at all ! Definitely cheaper brands out there that work much better . I finally just threw mine in the trash !!
 I hate giving AVENT products low ratings , but this spout is just a poor design . It is very difficult for me to sip from with the regulator in it . Without it , the fluid flowed way too fast for a 6-month-old . My DS is now almost 9 months old and he screams when he sees the cup . We put it away , but forgot to tell grandchick not to use it . She poured a small amount of juice in it and brought I to my DS and he screamed so loud . My mom was scared and concerned because she had never heard him yell like that . I had a feeling she used the wrong cup . I came running out of the bedroom and sure enough , she was trying to use this sippy cup . Bad idea ! We are using the NUBY sippy cup but are going to try to AVENT straw cup soon.Don ' t stress out your little one and avoid this sippy cup !
 After trying multiple sippie cups I learned to only trust Playtex , but I splurged for these Avent cups because of the brand . I thought Avent put real thought into their products but these cups are the WORST . Even if you can get over the fact that they need to be separated into SIX separate pieces to wash in the dishwasher -LRB- cup , handle , top , lid , seal , valve -RRB- , they LEAK LIKE CRAZY . If my daughter puts hers on the floor sometimes it will just dribble away into a huge puddle until I find it or it runs out of milk . Also for some reason it drips directly from the cup as she drinks . These cups are the worst .
 We have tried several different sippy cups and this was the only one that my little guy did not like . He would n't even drink from it . His favorite was the Nuby 3 Stage sippy cup which I highly recommend to rookie sippy cup drinkers !! ; -RRB-
 Pros
 I bought this for my 7 month old as I liked avent pacis . Looking outside it looked like the best buy among all other brands as it had a lid and also measurements in oz and ml on the side both great features missing in other brands . But the problem with this is it is very tough for baby to get any liquid out . I spent more time trying to figure out if my baby was getting anything in his mouth at all . As another reviewer mentioned this cup is sip proof too !!!
 I used Avent for everything else , but these cups are n't that great . I like that they have measurement marks on the sides , but my 8 month old had to practically turn the cup upside down to get anything out with the valve in . He 's just learning the sippy cup , so this one is bad for beginners . I also found that the air flow hole at the top sometimes leaks .
 As you can see by someone posting that helpful picture of the cups leaking , these are not the best sippy cups . Due to a medical swallowing problem my 18 month old daughter has , we have purchased basically every cup on the market to try and find the right amount of flow . Flow was a non-issue for these cups because I never let her use them for more than a few sips . The cups leaked so bad out of the vent hole that she ended up with more milk on her face than in her mouth . In my opinion Playtex has been the best brand we have tried -LRB- especially their cups with straws rather than spouts -RRB- . Will not buy Avent again .
 I bought a two-pack of these cups and my son had a hard time sucking out of them till he was a little older -LRB- 9 + months -RRB- , but he got the hang of it and did n't have a problem . Unfortunately , one of the spouts has started leaking exactly where the reviewer `` Kimiko '' 's picture shows -- on the rim of spout where it adjoins the plastic ring -LRB- into which the spout is inserted -RRB- . The first couple times the leaking started , I opened the cup to make sure I had remembered to put the rubber disk on the bottom , and yes , both times it was there . I then tried different rubber disks but the leaking persisted , so I narrowed the problem down to the edge of the white spout itself . So far the other spout does n't leak , so it 's time to toss one and when the other goes I 'll probably just recycle both cups rather than trying my luck with replacement spouts .
 This trainer cups do not work very well . I love Avent products but these sippy cups require a lot of suction . My 8 month old can not get anything out . I could barely get anything out when I tried . I tried taking the plastic disc off on the inside but then the fluid just dumps out . I just bought a step 1 Nubby sippy cup and that is working much better .
 I wanted to like this tub so much , but it was just too slippery for us.It took both of us to keep him inthe tub for bathing . We used thisin our kitchen sink and it fit , butthe angle was awkward , so we triedjust using it on the counter withtowels beneath to catch the water.It just did n't work out for us sowe switched to a different style tub .
 Bought the PRI based on great reviews and price . It arrived very quickly -LRB- next day , using Amazon Prime -RRB- . Ufortunately , it doest fit in my standard kitchen sink or bathroom vanities . In fact , the PRI does not even come close to fitting . I wouldnt recommend this for bathing in standard sinks . However , I plan to use it in the bathtub to bathe my newborn alongside my 2 year old . I like that it is shaped in a way that will keep the baby from slipping and I think it will be fine for bathing the 2 kids together , though my 2 year old will have to get used to bathing in shallower water since the PRI sits very low !
 Too unsteady in my oval bathroom sinks -- the nice suction cup bottoms could n't touch the base of the sink . Too long for my wide metal kitchen sink , even diagonally -LRB- baby 's feet would bang against the metal sides -RRB- . And no good means to get a small infant to be secure at the base and still be protected at the head and neck -- Note that all the photos have babies in the later range -- 3 + months . This is just not a good infant tub for young -LRB- 0-3 mo -RRB- infants .
 This was delivered to me yesterday . I returned it right away . It 's a little too small for my baby . My baby is a bit long and he 's only 5 months old . Looks like a good product though . Yeah , the plastic is flimsy . It would probably be good if I bought this from a garage sale for 5 buck . I would pay for 5 bucks for this .
 We have a pretty large sink in our laundry room and the bath tub did n't fit in it . It says it fits most sinks and bath tubs . We should have measured first ! Back it went !!! The bad thing is that you have to return it to giggle ... they require their returns to be insured !!! That was an extra cost and a pain but I got my money back fairly quickly ...
 This seat was purchased because of the positive reviews and my budget . We could n't buy a bathtub that cost a small fortune but this one is so cheap it should pay me money to take it off the manufacturers hands . My daughter hates her baths and I had to hold her up the entire time . Also , the second time I used it , the suction cup on the back leg broke off and I could n't even get it back on . So much for getting any use out of this seat . I ca n't find my receipt or else it would be returned . Do n't buy this product .
 I purchased this for my 2-week old infant who screamed bloody murder when we tried to sponge bathe her in the sink . The Puj that we received as a registry gift would n't fit in any of the sinks . The PRI arrived dirty , with black dust all over it . It was very inexpensive , and did n't even look like half the price that it cost . It seemed like it would be smaller , but took up just as much room as any other shaped plastic tub . It looked terribly uncomfortable , and I could only envision the baby sliding down the slippery plastic for months until she could sit up on her own . We returned this and have been using the First Years Infant to Toddler Tub with Sling for the last 3 months and she LOVES it ! Bath time has been all giggles since the first time we used it . The sling makes her and both parents feel secure , and there 's no fear of her sliding under water when we reach for shampoo or turn the faucet on for rinsing . Do n't waste your time with the PRI , get First Years instead .
 i received this as a gift from my mother . Those of you pureeing meat in your food mill -- do we have the same product ????? Mine has a plastic grate . I ** barely ** mashed up some cooked peas in this thing . I ca n't imagine getting meat through this ! That `` blade '' is like a dull butter knife . It worked great with a ripe avocado , and that was about the end of that . You really need three hands to get this working - two to push down and stabilize at the same time -LRB- I have to press really really hard -RRB- , and a third to turn the handle . I have yet to be able to successfully turn the handle and press at the same time in any effective fashion . You also have to get messy to get the grate disk off , the only way to do it is to press down on the dirty grate with your thumbs and work it off . When it 's covered in a slick puree that 's not easy . Also , the plastic stains easily . I put a watermelon chunk in there , and now it 's permanently stained orange . It 's a great concept , but I would NOT buy this .
 Great idea but did n't work for me for most of the foods that I cook . It was very hard to grind anything that was n't very soft and/or very moist and meats were especially hard . Easy to wash .
 This grinder is so difficult to disassemble - the food gets stuck in there and it 's almost impossible to dislodge the strainer plate . Also , it has very small capacity so trying to remove the pieces to reload gets messy and annoying . I 'm going to buy the real deal
 This product as shown in the picture , is an excellent food grinder for baby products or foods for elderly . It has changed over the years and at one point it had a metal blade that they need to put back in to this one , that now has a plastic blade.It is unfortunate though , that the company that manufactures this item came out with a newer version , some odd oblong shaped grinder that doesnt process enough food for a serving . It is harder to handle and is so disappointing . What ever they were trying to do , save money on parts or whatever reason , the new one is a huge fail in my opinion.I am seeking out their old product and have purchased and used them for almost 15 years , fortunately I have the old metal blades to use for the past version with the cheap plastic blade .
 If I could give this product less than 1 star , I would . My Mom told me that all 's I needed was a grinder to feed my baby , so I bought this one . It never ground up a single piece of food . My Mom was convinced that maybe I was doing it wrong and she had the same experience . Her reaction was `` they just do n't make things they way they use to . '' It was a waist of money and after many attempts , it ended up in the trash . We ended up using a fork to mash soft foods and a small food processor for bigger stuff . My next baby , I hope to invest in the Beaba Baby Cooker .
 I purchased this mill with carrying case as a gift . It arrived late and the box was in poor condition because Baby Haven shippers stuffed it in a large manilla envelope to mail it . I requested to return it because it was not gift worthy , Baby Haven agreed and sent me a Return number on Jan 3 . I mailed it back properly in a shipping box on Jan 9 with a delivery confirmation requested . It was delivered to Baby Haven on Jan. 11 . I never received an acknowledgment or credit for my return . I will not purchase anything from Baby Haven again .
 Could not find item in store and ordered it online . Arrived damaged and told I could not return it and they would send me a new one . Only to find they did not have anymore . So I got a $ 2.00 credit to my account.Very disappointed with Baby haven and will not purchase from them in the future . I would not recommend this company to anyone . We have not used the food mill yet . But I had one for my own children and loved it though this one does not seem as strong . Will have to wait till the baby is ready to eat solid foods . It was supposed to be a gift but I could not give it to them in the condition it was in . Poor shipping on part of company
 Very disappointed in this food mill . It does not grind all of the food in the cylinder . It leaves a good 1/2 in . of food unmilled . Also the mill I received is not the one pictured . I received the one with the cloth carrying case.I had a food mill for my babies 35 years ago and I wish I had kept it ! It worked much better . It had a sharper blade and milled all of the food , including meats and fish . This mill is `` ok '' for soft foods like bananas , but not meats or fish . Even when liquids are added , it does not meet my expectations .
 The grate is now made with plastic instead of metal . This makes it very hard to push the food through . Basically it will only work for foods like sweet potatoes and foods that are already very mushy . Even very overcooked peas would n't go through the grate . Maybe it would work for canned veggies ? Would not recommended ...
 I read a lot of positive reviews about this food mill , and bought it with confidence.But ... I have two big issues with this food mill . Even though there is a rubber ring to seal the plunger into place , food still leaks out the bottom as I work the mill . But my biggest issue is that when the food mill is all the way down and the plunger is fully inserted , there is farrrrr too big a gap between the top of the plunger and the blade . I understand this was to accomodate any skins or seeds , but please ! I cut apple skins off and I do n't have THAT many seeds . It wastes a lot of food due to this space . I ended up returning this and getting the Green Sprouts Baby Food Mill , which has the same feature for any skins or seeds , but it is a muchhhhhh smaller space and barely any food , if any , is wasted when the mill is fully compressed . But the Green Sprouts is a little bigger and has no carrying case -LRB- which I had no need to carry my food mill in a case anyway so for me , nothing has been lost by switching -RRB- .
 I got this as a baby shower gift and thought it seemed like a good idea since I did n't intend to buy jarred food.It is hard to put together , very hard to take apart , and a total pain to clean . Also , it does n't grind the food very well AT ALL . The very few times I tried to use it I got so mad that I swore I 'd never use it again.It turned out that I did n't really need to puree food for my baby anyways . Simply mashing in a bowl with a fork or cutting into very small pieces was completely sufficient .
 Even though the blade is steel it took way too much work to get this food mill to mash up food . I put in some apple pieces and had to stand up at the table and push down with all my might while turning the handle to get the mill to work . Even then , it did a very poor job of grinding AND juice from the fruit leaked out the bottom of the mill . We also tried with bananas and got the same result . The plastic construction also gives it a flimsy and unstable feeling . Once , when pushing down while grinding , the whole thing slipped and tipped over.Worthless ! I returned the product and will be buying a quality , heavy-duty food mill , even though it will cost me more .
 AND it 's frustrating . It does n't puree food , it 's hard to clean , hard to use , and made from crappy plastic . What a waste ! My mom said she had something similar when I was a baby and so bought me this , but I will NOT be buying this for my grandkids . I hope they discontinue it .
 I do n't know if it works . It is still in it 's plastic wrap . The reason I am writing a review is because I did not have to use it . I used a hand blender all the time when I had to puree food . When she was old enough to eat regular food , she did n't want pureed food any more . Just about everyone has a blender or food processor . Spend your money on something like more ice cube trays -LRB- to freeze your baby food -RRB- and pyrex containers -LRB- to store and heat up your babies food -RRB- .
 I used this item 3 times and now it 's sitting in a cabinet . It 's messy and there is very little space to put any food . I think you would be better off simply mashing your own food in a big bowl . It 's a good concept , but not a well made product .
 I ordered b/c we owned one several years ago for my 2 older children . We loved it and used it often . For my new baby , I decided to order the same one . The price is higher , but the description still said `` stainless steel strainer '' . The strainer is , in fact , white plastic . So for more money , the company is producing a cheaper product . Very disappointed , and wo n't recommend this to anyone .
 I bought one of these food mills and was so excited to try it out . When I tried it for the first time I was so disappointed . First of all it 's all made of plastic . You can tell it 's cheeply made . The only part that is metal is the blade . It does n't spin very fast and there is only one blade , so it does n't really work very well at all . If you are trying to mash up green beans it does n't grind up the stringy parts or the skins at all . I would n't recommend buying this food mill to anyone .
 my husband and i were very excited to get this a day earlier than expected , only to be very sorely disappointed that the carrying tote was broken when we opened the box . what 's even worse is the metal rod that helps attach the blade to the mill looked dirty and rusted ! i wonder if this was returned before!amazon was quick to refund us . their reseller made a complete mess out of this order .
 I 'm a nanny and the family I work for has an older version of it and it works great , so I went ahead and ordered one for my baby girl . I was very dissapointed when I opened the box and found that the `` medical grade stainless steel blade '' has been replaced by the manufacturer for a cheap plastic one . The box it came in still says that it comes with the stainless steel one though , even the picture on Amazon shows it , I find this misleading . It 's really frustrating to find that what you end up getting is not what was advertised .
 The product photo shows a metal grater and the description claims it is medical grade steel . In fact , what you get is a plastic grater .
 I was so excited to get the Kidco Food Mill and just as disappointed once I tried using it . First of all , it mashed the food . The grate is plastic and the blade is n't sharp at all . Do n't let the picture on the box deceive you -LRB- with the metal grate -RRB- . I think having metal turning against metal would help ... not to mention a sharp blade . It is difficult to remove the plastic grate after you have sent food through because the handle unscrews from the grate before you can get it to turn and `` unlatch '' . I spoke with a customer service rep where I purchased this item and she told me that the plastic grate was a fairly new change .
 I was excited to try this after receiving it as a shower gift . I remember watching my mom use this kind of grinder over ten years ago for my brother . When I finally tried this product , I was very disappointed . The blade is n't sharp at all , and it is very difficult for any food to come through the plastic grate . I end up just squeezing the life out of the food . Even macaroni and cheese had a hard time . I do n't know why this has so many good reviews . Maybe those people have the version with the metal grate that actually works .
 I got this as a baby shower gift and was sad when it did not work . The blade did not cut anything up . I had to take the food out and put it in a blender .
 I was excited to try this product so that we could share our homemade food with our baby girl . I used it once to grind spaghetti and meatballs -LRB- more of a blunt crushing action than true grinding -RRB- . Our baby was not quite ready for the consistency of the food , so I promptly hand-washed all the parts in warm water and mild dish detergent and let it air dry in the dish rack . When I went back to use it after a week , I discovered a reddish ring had formed underneath the grinder ring between the ring and the blade . At first I thought it must be pasta sauce that I had missed but upon further inspection it is undoubtedly RUST ! I would have assumed any kitchen utensil that would repeatedly be exposed to water would be made of stainless steel but this appears not to be the case ! The `` grinder '' is now sitting in our garbage can .
 I enjoy making baby food for my son , and this seemed like a great tool . Unfortunately , it basically is junk . I cooked carrots and put them in the mill , which stained immediately -LRB- so I ca n't return it -RRB- . It was nearly impossible to push down to get enough pressure to grind the carrots without another pair of hands , so my husband ended up helping me . A stick blender is much , much easier .
 While I was disappointed the Food Mill had a plastic strainer rather than a steel one like the one I used for 5 kids -LRB- they do carry a model now that has the steel strainer disc which I highly recommend -RRB- the customer service when going through the return process was great . The company stands behind their products 100 % and were very pleasant to work with . I would definitely purchase other products from them again .
 The food mill is very convinient if you are feeding your baby bland table food and just wish to grind up enough for one meal . But it is a horrible pain to clean the top handle piece that is connected to the strainer , it is almost impossible to remove and has no leverage to help get it off .
 I thought this was like the one I had for my children 25 years ago . wrong !! I thought it was advertised as stainless steel cutting blades , like my old one . well the blade was steel but the strainer part was plastic !! did not work well at all . Would not recommend this product .
 I am VERY disappointed with this product . It worked the first two times I tried it , with an apple and a pear . I tried it again this morning with an apple and could n't get it to grate the apple at all . I think the blade has dulled ... Anyway , I am thoroughly unimpressed and will be returning it .
 Really !? A plastic strainer ? It 's advertized as having ` stainless steel components and strainer . ' No dice . Give us the real deal again !
 good concept but very messy and hard to clean up . i should have bought ended up buying an electric food processor .
 First we bought an adult sized food mill , great for Thanksgiving mashed potatoes , not so great for baby-sized portions . So we bought this food mill , which is clearly kid sized . BIG MISTAKE ! It was hard to use , because it is plastic and needs a lot of muscle to grind things that are n't actually cooked too death . Hard to assemble , because of all the plastic bits , they tend to disappear when reloading or washing . It makes enough for one meal , so unless you cook only a bit of a bit of something , you are going to have to reload . Be careful when you are grinding , because if it tips at all , the mashed up food will just slide right out of the top . And hand-wash it ! We put it in the dishwasher and it warped , so now it is very difficult to use . After a week of suffering with this do-hickey , we received a mini-food processor and I nearly cried with gratitude . It works ! It 's wonderful . And it does n't cost much more .
 no sharp parts to process food ! when i received this , i thought the stainless steel ` grater ' part was missing . i called kidco and what they sent me was already included in the box . this mill is made almost entirely of plastic and has no sharp parts that are able to process anything tougher than ripe fruit . it basically just mashes very soft things through a plastic strainer . it is also difficult to take apart for cleaning . i 'm sending it back .
 It sounds like it worked for others , but I guess it just was n't for me . It seems to stick and feels like it would require a lot of pressure to actually get parts to move . I tried it and thought I 'd nock the table over it took so much pressure so I stopped . I 've had it in my car for months , but I ca n't bring myself to give it another try . It was just too painful . I was really optimistic about it so I got rid of the box before I ever tried it so I could n't return it . I might sell it on e-bay or give it to someone .
 I would like to give it a 0 star if possible . It does not mash the most cooked veggies.Buy something else even if it costs more .
 this food mill is awful . cheap plastic , does n't puree smoothly , and is really really hard to manually turn . the handle is so long , it feels like it will snap right off and you have to push down with all your force on the whole device while turning it . my arm is exhausted from just trying to puree some peas . i threw it in the recycle bin after one try . really bad product .
 Either the product was too hard for it - a carrot or too soft - bananas . Total waste of money for me .
 I received this hooded towel as a gift at my baby shower and I have to say I am not very impressed with it . It feels very cheap and the appliqu&eacute; in the hooded part is terrible ! Agree that the material is more absorbent than others I have but I have to say the towels I have found to work best on baby are the ones I use for the shower ! Baby towels are cute but function wise , save your $ $ and just buy some super absorbent regular bath towels . They are all over soft for baby and work best !
 The thermometer is horribly inaccurate . The medicine dispensers come with the medicine , so that 's useless . I got 3 bulb syringes and 3 combs from the hospital . Everything else bought separately would be cheaper .
 Save your money and buy these things seperately ! The carrying case is a joke !
 The product was demonstrated on tv but it does not do what it was advertized to do . Poor quality product .
 Not sure how it is suppose to work . No instruction included , not that I two year old could n't put it together , but it would have been nice . I get a lot of water in my ears , and infections , so I thought that this might help line when I go to the doc . Not , you can hardly tell it is doing anything Would not waste my money on this again
 Got this one a week ago and said to myself , what a bad decision to buy this product.Firstly , the product quality is so low , the plastic looks and feels so delicate . Looks like and is a cheap china product.As described it is easy to use . But I AM UNABLE TO OPEN IT TO CLEAN IT.The detachable part of this product is stuck SO Bad that I was unable to open it for cleaning . I am sure If I try hard enough , it will break and become useless.I would not recommed this product to anyone . It is bad quality and a waste of money in my view .
 It does not work . There is a small amount of vacuum but it is not strong enough to do the job .
 The shipment was missing a neoprene tip and a brush . I mentioned this before and these items were not yet received . No one called ... I was given a number to call but the person on the other end said I would have to call back another time . I am very disappointed and will never so business with them again .
 Defective = wo n't turn on . It 's hard to like something that does n't work out of the box . The case is of poor quality as well .
 This product was horrible . It ended up coming so late and it did not even come with the pieces ! It was just the vac so could n't even try to use it !
 easy to use does not work as it says , kinda loud , not handy , i would not buy , want to return
 When I ordered this I thought it would have been a better product . I was disappointed when I received it . It does not really work .
 I saw a commercial for this on TV and I thought I would look for one on Amazon ... none of these really work or do what they say ... it 's a waste of money . However , this company did provide great service and I received the product in a timely manner ... but , the product itself ... full of boloney ... not the sellers fault ... I would order from this company again in the future .
 I hate it.It came with missing frontBecause when it arrived there was supposed to be two of them and then the one that I got had the front part missing , I ciulnd ' t do anything about it as I was so ill and then thought it was too late to do anything about it . However , I do think that they should send me another one that is altogether . This is the ear wax remover that I am talking about
 when i used it i caught a bad ear clog . it cost me a trip to the doctor the power of the wax cleaner is not strong to do what claims .
 this is the most rediculous thing ever , and I fell for it . . If you had alot of wax build up and think this is going to suck it out of your ear . . think again
 Well , we expected it to really WORK ! It does nothing but make a really loud noise and does not draw water , or wax or anything out of your ear . My husband tried it , I tried it and my son tried it . We all agree ... It does n't work for us.Thank-You .
 I brought this machine a week ago . I 've received it in the mail . I 've tested it out on one of the nastiest ears ever . The batteries burned out before any wax was departed from the ear . I 've never been more disappointed in my life . I would like a refund .
 I should had read all of the above before I bought it . It 's a piece of garbage . No suction at all . I want my money back . It does n't do anything . Waste of money .
 So it came packed in the box . Says to warm the drops , then put like ten drops in the ear and wait 10 minutes to use . The tool will suck out wax and water . As I was waiting , I got the tool ready . So when it came time to use . I turned it on , by the way its not quite at all , sounds just like a vacuum cleaner . Sucks great but not enough to clean the wax out with the plastic tubes one . Also after using the drops my ear is still hurting from the drops , had to go to Dr.s and it did n't do it job , and almost made me deaf because of the fluid build up.Once I removed the child part and the plastic colored tubes it started to suck the wax and liquid out of the ear as it claims . When I went to bed that night I could tell it did n't get it all cause my ears we 're still clogged so I need some q tips to release the clogging . This is a great tool for swimming and any water activity . I would n't suggest relying on it to clean your ears out from wax cause it would n't for me . I even tried alternative routes . The tool is small and has zip lock baggy , so it wont take up much space and stores away . The flash light is what gets me the most . Why do they have a flashlight on it . Its bright enough to use when your power goes out . Considering this package does n't come packaged to you in original packaging , I would suggest talking to your doctor about it first . My right ear still clogged and hurting from trying . Its just not deep enough at all .
 This product is a cheap piece of plastic . It does not come with instructions on how to use it . Once I put the tip on the end and turned it on , I realized it did absolutely NOTHING . It felt as if air was being blown into my ear . I thought maybe I was using it incorrectly , so I changed the tip and gave it to my husband to try . He also felt as if air was being blown into his ear . The filter showed nothing . This was an absolute waste of $ 14 .
 I chose this product because I suffer from excessive ear wax which plugs up my ears , but this product is worthless did nothing for me would never recommend it to anyone period .
 this does absolutely NOTHING at all . it is basically a light with a fan . I guess I 'm the fool for buying it
 This product never worked , I sent it back and got an email saying they were going to mail it back to me , why ? They should trash it , thats all it was !!!!!
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! I think that says it all . This item was the worst thing I 've purchased on Amazon ! I saw it or something similar advertised on TV and thought , why not , Amazon has n't steered me wrong in the past ; well , there 's always a first time ! They should remove this product from their website and cancel all orders ! It does n't do what they advertise NOR does it really seem to do anything but HUM , loudly ! I threw it out it was so bad !
 We had high hopes of this item working , but it did n't work at all . Not enough suction to remove any wax .
 I bought the ear wax cleaner , because I hate using Qtips I know they are not good to use . I can not find the right size batteries for it , so therefore I can not use it . There are no instructions telling you they type of battery goes in it . I would appreciate an answer . Thank you
 Very cheaply made . Does not do its job . I would not recommend this product to my family or friends , it does not work !
 it didnt work -LCB- would ` nt start -RCB- so i sent it back.i would have liked to try it out but could ` nt.Hard to rate it if it would ` nt start up .
 This products does nothing to remove wax from ears . With chronic ear wax problems , we useSweet Oil/Debrox in ears on a regular basis . Both products are ear wax softners . Even w/theuse of these products , the ear wax remover does not remove a thing !
 really flimsy and cheaply made-I 'll be surprised if it lasts a month-can ' t even tell if it is working as described
 it was the stupidest thing my husband ever bought !!!!!!!!!!! it does not work at all . you cant evan suck up water from a cup .
 this product does not suck the wax out of your ear as the instructions stated . I would not purchase this item
 Bad product , it doesnt works , top materials , made to last , I think a product like this will solve world peace
 DO N'T BUY-JUST A WASTE OF MONEY . DID N'T DO ANYTHING . HORRIBLE PRODUCT AND SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM AMAZON . DO N'T BUY IT !!
 It took 3 weeks longer than promised to deliver this product then when it finally did arrive it did n't work . The electric motor inside must be faulty . Does n't anyone check these things ?
 It does work well but not easy to clean . If wax and moisture are pulled from the ear , it is not easy to clear it from the receptacle .
 it has no suction at all , at least this one do n't . I have a little piece of wax in my ear I have been trying to get out for a very long time , this ear wax cleaner does nothing . I 'm very disapointed . Thought at least it would suck out the wax.It would be a fantastic product if it sucked things out of your ear like they say it will.I chose this product cause they said it would suck the water and wax out of your ear , well this one does nothing.I would NOT recomend this to any one . It do n't do anything they advertised it to do . Very disapointed .
 Does not do what it should . No suction , and is very flimsey product . Waste of time and money . Ca n't recommend
 I bought this unit on Ebay as I havean ear wax problem and determined that a suctiontype device was the right idea for me as I have aproblem with ear wax that I can not remove from one ear.I put new batteries in , flicked the very cheap switch to on , heard a tiny motor hum , and can feel very close to zerosuction . It barely picks up the tiniest pieces of dust!It wo n't help clear an ear that 's for sure . Nice ideapoorly executed to make a fast back and hope you do n'task for a refund .
 THE EAR WAX REMOVER DID NOT REMOVE ANY EXCESS WAX FROM MY EAR AND I DO NOT BELIEVE IT WAS WORTH THE MONEY I INVESTED .
 The ear wax cleaner in short simple words `` it is a piece of garbage ! ''
 READ THIS AND SEEK ANOTHER PRODUCT . Not only does this product not work , after attempting to use it , I realized that it does not even appear to have the potential to work . It develops zero suction . Less than 1/100th of hand syringe ! Ca n't even pick up piece of tissue papper . Certainly not like the one in my doctors office . Do not buy , unless you like just giving away your money for nothing . Remember buyer beware ! The promotors obviously know that this product is a scam ! It was probably made to clean your wallet , not your ear ! I guess I should have read the reviews ! Buy the way , my recently purchased ear wax cleaner has a new home . The trash can .
 This product does not suck the wax out of your ear . The suction was not strong enough . It is more like a toy .
 I did n't buy this product , but my wife has one from Japan which looks exactly the same as the photo . In Japan these things are sold for cleaning babies ' ears.I can confirm that the suction is virtually undetectable - I tried it on my own ear when I got water inside it . Utterly useless.I did n't know this until recently but there are two types of ear wax , dry and wet , determined by your genes , and Asians have the dry type -LRB- like flakes rather than a wax -RRB- . However , I struggle to see how this thing works even for an Asian baby with the dry ear wax , let alone a Western adult with a serious `` wet '' wax blockage .
 This is a waste of money , does n't work AT ALL . Wish I 'd have read the other reviews before purchasing . One word
 I liked the idea of using suction to eliminate excessive wax from patients ' ears , but from the first time I tried it I felt cheated . Very little suction -LRB- get a bulb syringe -RRB- and only buy this product if you want to feel disappointed .
 EAR WAX CLEANERThis product did not work from the start , I bought this for my husband and it does nothing .
 My son has wax build up and it 's difficult to get him to let us clean his ears . I bought this thinking it would be a great idea . I did n't do anything at all but tickle his ear from the vibrations . no real instructions to go with it either just how to put the batteries in and put the rubber nozzle on the tip .
 I bought a B540 and a B530 at the same time for our son , one each for my and my wife 's cars . At first I was thrilled ! They are light , apparently very well made , and get a fantastic NHTSA rating . One drive , however , pointed out a major design flaw
 they are too small !!!! And they do not dispense one at a time , you can grab for one and end up with a handful it take TWO hands to use these not convient if your changing a baby . They are hypo allerginc and easy on the skin though .
 I bought these because of the positive reviews and the fact that these wipes contain witch hazel , which is a healing agent . I wo n't be buying these again , however , because they reek of perfume . I do n't know that the smell lingers on me , but it 's certainly noticeable in the bathroom and in the trash.Smell aside , I also find this brand to be rougher than others -LRB- like Kandoo -RRB- . The Wet Ones remind me of moistened dryer sheets .
 Probably not bad if you 're a once-a-day patron.Any kind of extensive clean up and you 're in for a rough ride.Can still clog a toilet with these -LRB- even with courtesy flushes -RRB- . They seem to be a little too thick for `` flushable . `` Will search for better wipes to get behind .
 for the price there are better wipes in the store . these smell nice but are overly wet and small in size .
 my grandson love thomas the train so i bouhgt him the thomas the train bed and anything else i could find for his bedroom for x-mas . he is 1 & 1/2 yeasr old . any ways i thought that the thomas the train peel-and stick border would be great ... but boy was i really upset a hour goes by and its on the floor ... i tryed to put it back up and it just kept falling of the wall not only was i upset but so was my grand son he kept picking it up and trying to put it on the wall himself i told him that it wont work and that grandma was very sorry that i would try and get him something else ...
 i just pulled the shell off to wash for the first time and the foam underneath is broken !! The side head rest piece , just fell off !! Is this normal . I may have had the seat a year , but used in my second car . As I said just washing it for the first time !!! I called comfort first after googling the compass name and they were not helpful !! I did not expect this from a seat I thorouly investigated !! NOT HAPPY . HELP ?? thanks , Heather
 I thought I had adequately done my research when I ordered this seat . It got rave reviews from both individuals and in safety testers . I was especially looking for one that had head support , and this one was described as having a deep head rest . However , I was disappointed when I finally used it . The first and only day I used it , my family had a long drive home from grandma 's one night and the kids fell asleep . I turned around and found my son slumped over and falling out of the seat . He had his seat belt on and was originally upright , but the head rest and sides of the seat were not enough to support him . I kept trying to prop him back up , but there simply was n't enough support in the seat . I immediately removed the seat and returned it . I 've since ordered another seat by Sunshine Kids . It was the closest thing I could find to the Britax Parkway , which my older son has . Apparently , Britax stopped making that seat , so I tried to find something comparable w/o having to pay hundreds of dollars . The seat I bought by Sunshine is available on Amazon as well . The Sunshine seat has side panels that stick out farther -LRB- deeper -RRB- and a head rest which is more narrow and cradles the head , should the child fall asleep . It does cost more than this one , but it 's worth it to me .
 I LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS SEAT , EXCEPT THAT I FIND THE SHOULDER STRAP DOESNT GO SQUARELY ON MY SON 'S SHOULDER BLADE , IT SOMETIMES GOES DOWN BY HIS UPPER ARM BECAUSE HE LEANS INTO THE MIDDLE OF THE CAR TO SEE OUT THE FRONT WINDOW . ALSO , IS THE BACK SEAT BELT SUPPOSED TO CLICK & LOCK WHEN YOU PUT THE CHILD IN , OR ONLY WHEN GOD FORBID YOU HAVE AN ACCIDENT OR STOP SHORT ? OTHER THAN THAT , I REALLY LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE , ITS QUITE LIGHT , VERY COMFORTABLE & SEEMS PRETTY SAFE .
 October 1 , 2008 . On this morning 's edition of NBC 's Today show , I learned this booster failed testing performed by the American Insurance Institute for Highway Safety . Of course , I recently purchased 2 . I 'm trashing them & going back to Britax -LRB- which I had previously used -RRB- which was one of the brands that received the highest score . Check MSNBC-Today Show website for complete results & recommendations .
 I read most of the reviews of this highchair . When they seemed to be split about half and half in opinion about whether the chair was total -LSB- ... -RSB- , or whether it was worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- I guess thats a big clue right there , huh ? -RRB- I figured that because it was mass produced the chances were OK that I would get a chair with all the skrew holes in the right place that fit together well and etc.Well , what a silly thought that was ! When the chair came and my husband began to put it together we found out that not only are the instructions rather unclear about what goes where , none of the pieces fit together and if he was n't such a Fantastic Handy Guy it never would have gone together . In fact , this chair was SO rickety when it was fully and correctly assembled that my husband actually had to put a couple extra skrews in place to assuage his fears that the thing was safe enough to not send our daugher crashing down to the floor the first time she wiggled in her seat.When we were pretty certain that the chair was sturdy , we put our daughter in it and low and behold the strap to hold the kiddies in place has zero capacity to adjust to fit small children . I can imagine it holding a two year old in the chair - But even at its smallest it is far too loose to strap in my 29 '' long , 25lb seven month old daughter.She would just slip out the bottom , pretty much.Now the chair is pretty much an ornament , and we all eat dinner together on the living room floor where she enjoys mashing her food into the carpet.The highchair gets two stars because shipping was fast , and the finish is nice.Otherwise , it pretty much sucks .
 Assembly fine ... sturdiness fine . The problem I have is with the quality of the wood used . Ours had several spots of knots and imperfections in the wood that left the surface very rough and unfinished . Considering this is baby product I was expecting something better .
 I received this item via USPS and the box appeared to be in fine condition . However , when I opened it , every piece except the back and seat were split . I was very disappointed in the quality of the wood .
 As a Grandma I thought this would be a great extra high chair for parties.The quality is poor with a split in the bottom inner frame & uneven stain with knots . I had to return it . I do not recommend this high chair .
 Everything was as described except the color . The walnut color is far darker than shown . Huge disappointment as it looks ridiculous with our dinning set . It will be going back .
 UPS delivered a badly damaged box that contained the two chairs I ordered through Amazon . The box was not packed properly and the UPS delivery person had trouble carrying the unbalanced packing box . The box was not only damaged but also the two strapped boxes it contained were also floating around in the larger box . I opened one of the strapped boxes to find a product that was cracked and badly damaged . I could do nothing but return the product which is a tremendous pain . I returned both chairs for a refund .
 Obviously this has not always been the case by the reviews I 'm reading , but the current shipments of these high chairs are arriving with the belts stuck to the seat of the chair -LRB- the belts were attached and allowed to stick to the lacquer as it dried in manufacture -RRB- . The quality control on this product is horrendous to have allowed so many units to be affected , but then again , this item is made in China -LRB- despite being made of eco-friendly Rubberwood , which is the reason we chose it -RRB- . Sadly , there is no way for them to send us an unaffected unit at this time , we are really unhappy about this product situation .
 First , we bought it and it was cracked on all four sides . So they sent us a new one and it is still cracked ! Right now its not worth the effort of sending it back and forth , works out okay because it is for my parents house , so he is not there all the time . Would not recommend it to others
 overall it is just OK for its price , the joints are not clean cut , it has some really rough edges , we had to grind down and sand paper it so it leaves a smooth edges . you can feel sprinter when you pass your fingers through it which is not baby friendly at all . And also we got a different color than what was picture , we didnt want to hassle with the return so we kept .
 i ordered two of these for my grandbabies for my Thanksgiving dinner . I recieved one on Monday and when my husband went to put it together we discovered that we had two right sides instead of a right and left side . I received the second one Tuesday and it also has two right sides . No left side . So I will have to send both of them back and go to the store and purchase them . This is the first time I have had trouble with Amazon .
 The first time , the package came with two right-side panels so we asked for a replacement . Amazon did a great job arranging for a pick-up by UPS the next day , and Amazon also immediately re-ordered a replacement which came two days later . I 'm very happy with the way Amazon handling everything.Unfortunately , the product itself is not well-made , there are hairline cracks and peeled paint on the high chair . Also , the seat height is only 193/4 '' which makes it too low to be used with a dining table .
 Two giant problems with this chair . First , one of the main side pieces had two giant cracks in it . So right there I needed to return it . As a bonus , though , the color was completely different from pictured , but not really enough like any of the other colors pictured to make me confident enough that they just sent the wrong one . I ordered the walnut , but the color that came was more like a golden oak . Not light enough to be natural but not red enough to be mahogany . I 'll attach pictures to the review if I can . The wood did seem nice -LRB- aside from being cracked and a bit scratched in one place -RRB- and for the price it might be worth ordering again to get an uncracked version , but I think I am going to try to find one in person instead .
 I purchased two of these high chairs knowing that there was a 50/50 chance of getting something broken or scratched -LRB- according to the reviews -RRB- . . And yes ! One of them had some nasty scratches and the other one had the seat totally broken . . So my husband glued it . . My father in law sand it ... And we finally put it together . . they work fine so far . . but If you are looking for quality you need to buy something else then ...
 Expected better quality . The packaging was fine but the chair had many nicks and scratches that had to have been done before it left the manufacturer . I would have sent it back except I needed it for the upcoming weekend . Once it was assembled and the scratches were covered , it looked great from a distance .
 I have never been drawn to write reviews before ... . until now that is . This high chair is horrible ... . and it had nothing to do with how it was put together , but everything to do with how it was made . The belt is in a very awkward position and my daughter can wiggle out of it and then stand up , she 's almost fallen several times . Then , when we tried to tighten it , the clasp broke off . So now I 'm stuck with a broken high chair . Save your money ... -LRB- probably has something to do with being made in China . This is exactly why I try to avoid things made in China ! -RRB-
 I have a similar high chair to this at home and love it . I bought this for my parents to use when my child visits them . The quality is quite poor . It is not sturdy like mine . It does not fit together well . I am concerned it may be dangerous as it does not seem stable . I had to return it . I do not recommend this high chair . If you like the style they can be bought from restaurant warehouses , for the same price , only better quality .
 these highchairs are not built very good at all , they dont line up . the hardware doesnt hold together , had to drill with screws just to keep together . the straps have broken on all 3 . i have had a lot of problems . i would not buy these ever again.i was very disappointed .
 I actually had to return the high chair , as there were several defects . There were cracks in the wood , rough spots that should have been better sanded and inconsistencies and haziness in the finish .
 I ordered the product as a gift . It arrived prompty and was packaged well . These are the only 2 positive comments I can say . The first one arrived and was missing the bolts . I contacted the amazon.com customer service for help . There is absolutely no manufacturer information provided in the packing materials . NO customer service number , nothing . Only a single sheet of directions . After asking in the email to Amazon.com the manufacturer information . The person who responded told me to reference the packaging materials - after I had mentioned that the information was not included . It was also suggested that I conduct my own web search for that information should I not be able to find it . Rediculus . I emailed again . Resolve
 The Thunder Group Mahogany Wooden High Chair arrived with cracks in the wood . We need it for occasional visits from our grandson , so decided against returning it , but the quality of the product is quite poor . We purchased a similar style high chair from a different vendor -LRB- Tundra -RRB- that was far superior in quality and appearance and also less expensive but with a high shipping charge.The color of the Mahogany chair is as advertised .
 This high chair was very poorly made and rickety . I had to return it . I purchased a Keekaroo high chair instead . A lot more expensive but solid as a rock . I guess it 's true you get what you pay for .
 The safety straps that were on the chair were of poor quality and not safe.The crotch strap was not sewn correctly and would not fit on the crossbar as intended.The latch mechanism , on the seat belt , is partially broken and will not stay snapped when child moves . Child could fall out of chair.I would hope that I get a response from the seller.Excellante ' Wooden High Chair , Mahogany
 I uploaded a picture . Noticed others had similar problems , but I had n't noticed those pictures before I ordered . Please do check them out . Probably not a problem if you have a sander and wood finish , but then you can probably make your own out of better quality wood -LRB- this is gumwood -RRB- .
 I was really excited about this and it truly could have been a winner ... I purchased this item for my 8 month old daughter and was extremely dissapointed with the crafstmanship . It was packaged nicely so I did not suspect there would be problems ... every piece was individually wrapped so to protect all of the wooden parts . After unwrapping each piece I was shocked to find severe scratching to one entire side panel of the exterior side of the chair -LRB- where you ca n't just hide it -RRB- . I was equally dissapointed that on that same side the piece was not shaped correctly . There were large gaps where the wood pieces should have fit flush together . This was on the same side panel and was pre-made , so I could not undo it and fix myself . I am extremely unhappy with this product ... I would not go to a furniture store and say to myself `` that is the one I want right there '' all banged up and misshapen . I ca n't believe that this company does not have better quality assurance measures in place . Whomever wrapped this bad boy clearly needs glasses.Excellante ' Wooden High Chair , Mahogany
 I purchased two of these units for a resturant my wife and I are about to open up . The assembly of the first one went well and fairly quick . After assembly , I then noticed cracks in the wood on both support legs . I opened the other box and noticed that unit also had cracks , many in the same locations . This is an obvious safety concern and it is very bad craftsmanship ! Someone was asleep in Quality control the day these units were manuafactured and shipped out !!
 this chair is definitely poorly made . the pieces does n't fit tightly together . the color is nothing like the picture . it is a very dark color . ok for price , but buyers beware of these 2 factors .
 The chair -LRB- or chair parts to be exact -RRB- are poorly built . My box arrived with visible signs that it was returned before . Sure enough , inside one of the pieces is badly cracked . All of it looks so cheaply made anyways , that I am returning it and will go for another wooden high chair . Would not recommend .
 The high was built without quailty assurance . The foot brace had only one side bored for the attach bolt and was n't sloted on the brace side . The restraining strap was to short.Had to relocate the strap . I am not very happy with quality of the product . I will fix the brace myself . I would not recommend this high chair . This chair was a replacement for the first one I ordered .
 I really like the functionality of this high chair . It came with all the pieces and was easy to put together -- it is sturdy . It is also pretty scratched up and had some decent gauges in the wood . The finish of the seat was rough and low quality . We would have returned it , but we needed it ASAP and were in a jam .
 Product was missing two major pieces -LRB- the bottom braces -RRB- . I contacted the chair 's maker and they would not service the sale because it was bought through Amazon . No contact information is printed on the instruction manual with how to acquire missing pieces . So , now I 'll have to wrestle the Amazon bureaucracy just for a $ 40 chair to be functional . I regret the purchase already .
 The pre-assembled parts were not well made and did n't fit together well . There were cracks and splits in the wood that could be dangerous . The wood seemed lighter and thinner than ones I 've used in most restaurants . I ended up returning this item .
 The chair arrived with a broken leg and the belt is missing the loop to pass the front bar through . Frustrating given this was a xmas gift .
 I need to buy some highchairs for my church . So I ordered one of this highchair just to see the quality . Luckily I only ordered one . The product is horrible .1 . Instead of shipping me 1 foot rest bar -LRB- 14-11/16 '' long -RRB- and 2 stretcher bars -LRB- 16-7/16 '' long , the horizontal bar at the bottom -RRB- as they should , they shipped three foot rest bars in the package .2 . The barrier bar has a 1-1/4 '' diameter . However the size of the waist belt loop is way too small for the barrier bar to fit it.As a result of above two issues , I am not able to assemble it.Free shipping is offered . It is made of solid wood , however it only weighs about 12 pounds . I am not sure how long durable it will be even if they ship me correct parts.I guest it is the same `` you get what you paid '' rule .
 Love the color but not sure what they look like assembled . Ordered two and neither one came with bolts or size needed to purchase !
 I just received this item from Amazon - delivery timing was as advertised - just in time for visitors arriving the next day . However , the product was completely unacceptable . It could not assembled as there were two of the left side panels rather than one left and one right . With incorrect routing for the seat and the back the chair can not be assembled . The barrier bar was too large for the loop diameter on the strap that comes from the bottom of the seat . Maybe I was lucky that I could not even assemble this chair so that I had no remorse in immediately sending it back . The workmanship was rather poor . Some protective material was taped directly to the wood leaving an adhesive residue on the wood itself . The picture is beautiful but the product itself is not nearly as attractive . There were small minor scratches on the seat and back that I would have rather had my grandson put there instead of purchasing it at a new price and already appearing to be somewhat used . I have requested a replacement and will update this review based on my second chance at this product . Even if all the correct parts are there , if the workmanship is poor , I will pack it back up and return it to Amazon and they can decide what to do with it . First chair gets ` zero ' stars.Update on the 2nd chair
 The buckle separated form the strap while my son was sitting in the chair . Also the opening is too wide meaning nearly 1 foot and he was able to twist around and get out of the chair.This item is a cheap imitation of higher quality chairs . I have just requested a refund for ours . This item should be recalled by Amazon and the manufacturer should be either correct or stop selling this item .
 Look nice but found to be very poor quality ... bought two recently-both have already had to be repaired ... wood and strap . Do n't waste your money .
 Grandpa here ! I bought this chair from Amazon for the world 's most precious two-year old granddaughter so she could sit in a big girl chair at the Thanksgiving dinner table . When she was here a month ago , we sat her on a five-inch dictionary . That worked fine , except she kept sliding off . The high chair looked perfect from the description , however I misunderstood the dimensions . The chair height is 28 '' but the seat height is only about 20 '' , or the height of an ordinary dining chair . Her chin would rest on the table and so we would still need a dictionary ! So we returned it to Amazon -LRB- no hassle , trouble-free -RRB- and my son found a portable strap-in booster chair at a local big-box store . The booster chair is about the same thickness as the dictionary and worked like a charm , although she still played in the cranberry sauce . The booster is much smaller than the high chair and so is easy to store for her next visit . By the way , the construction of the Excellante chair looked sturdy enough and there were no scratches or cracks in the wood as others have reported . For other grandpas and grandmas , I would recommend the booster seat instead of this high chair .
 WARNING ! The picture is of a much lighter wood than is actually shipped to you . WALNUT is in the description and that is what you will get . The PICTURE is of am OAK or MAPLE wood . You will NOT receive that color . WALNUT is much , much darker than the wood in the picture . I know - I sent it back !
 I had to return the item because it was defective and the replacement came with missing parts . I was given a mere partial refund but I will think it twice before ordering again through Amazon .
 The picture for this product is very deceiving ! The `` walnut '' color is actually a very dark cherry color . The chair is good quality , but if you want it to match your dining room furniture like I did , beware !
 Please pay attention to the estimated shipping time of 1 to 2 months.Your child might be too old to use the chair by the time it arrives.Is it any good ? I guess I wo n't know for another month or so . I 've been waiting 3 weeks and it has n't shipped . A few more weeks of waiting before they get around to shipping it.I guess they have to wait until they chop down some trees in a tropical rainforest and then send to wood to a sweatshop in China to be milled and then put in a cargo container to come across the ocean . Who knows . Why not just say ` unavailable ' if you ca n't ship it within a week ? Why make people wait months ?
 We purchased this travel system 2 months ago when our second daughter was born . It was bought to replace our older Graco system that we saved after having our 1st daughter . I bought based on they styling and cute girly pattern plus what I thought was a great value . Immediately when I got the seat out I noticed that it was much lighter and not nearly as sturdy feeling as our Graco seat . The sun hood is smaller and does n't offer as much coverage , and the carrying handle does n't feel tough and reliable . That was our first impression , then we put the seat in our car and started using it . Only to notice by day 2 that the seat sits much more upright than the Graco and caused our newborns head to flop forward . We used the best adjustment to try and prevent it and not luck , it is just designed to be more upright I guess . Still yet we have continued to use it but over the past month now that the baby is a little older we 've been out at least 3-4 times a week shopping and out to lunch and have discovered a new irritation . The seat WILL NOT fit the standard high chair stands -LRB- the ones that you flip upside down -RRB- in restaurants and I mean all of them . We eat out a lot and I have yet to run across a stand design that will work with this seat . They also will not fit properly on shopping carts either . The handle base is too wide and causes the problem , not necessarily the seat itself . The stroller is nice but also has the lighter , `` not made so well '' feel and the wheel base is much wider which is difficult for maneuvering while shopping as well . I have decided today with irritation after irritation that we will take this system to the consignment shop and stick with our old Graco . My 2nd time new mommy nerves can not handle any extra aggravation while out with two children . Please do not consider this as a suitable alternative if you are used to the Graco functioning and feel . I do love the look of the whole travel system though !
 On child # 4 , this is the fourth travel system I 've owned and the worst by far . The ONLY things I like about it are the handle on the car seat with the `` wiggle '' in it which is why we went Evenflo in the first place and the print . Otherwise my list of complaints is endless , but here are a few of my least favorite things ... 1 . The fabric is not soft by any means2 . The straps are absolutely impossible to adjust -LRB- seriously , we can not adjust them -RRB- , making it dangerous because they 're never quite tight enough3 . The sun shade is a joke as you can only pull it forward about 4 inches , we end up putting a blanket over it4 . The stroller is impossible to unfold one handed without hurting yourself5 . The stroller does not completely recline flat , so no diaper changing in it6 . The stroller straps are weird and barely fit my 4 month old7 . The tray has somehow managed to already break without any helpWe had a very similar set for child # 3 , born in 2007 which we were reasonably happy with for the price . I expected that the product would have improved but apparently that 's not the case . Had I bought this in a store instead of online I would have returned it . Unfortunately , we could not find an Evenflo travel system in our area and now we 're stuck with it . Totally bummed , buy something else !
 I 'll start with the Pros
 The car seat is good , resistant and relatively light . But the stroller is just too big and heavy for travel . It occupies most of my Mazda6 trunk -LRB- And it is a really big trunk -RRB- . The seat reclines much less than the publicity says , this makes relatively unconfortable for the baby to take a nap . I used to have another from Combi , which reclined completely horizontal . It was much better , lighter and cost almost the same .
 This breastfeeding pillow is nice , but I have the same issues I had with the boppy , I still need to stuff a blanket or pillow to keep it up high enough when I am sitting down . The whole reason I bought it was b/c the description said it would stay up higher . I have not found that to be the case at all and so now I am still stuck stuffing a blanket under it to keep my baby 's head at breast height . Had I known I would have just kept my boppy .
 For Parents ! My Brest Friend website states that they do not use fire retardants in their foam , but i read UC Berkeley article which found the pillow contained two flame retardants , TDCPP and TCPP . i wrote to the company and did n't get clear answers either . What a waste , the nursing pillow going to be in dumpster tomorrow .
 We had the version of this carseat that was recalled . I had JUST bought the seat when it was recalled a few days later . I got the replacement part and it was not a solution at all . It required you to strap the carseat to the base completely rendering the base useless . In fact , if you did n't use the base you did n't even need a new part . Anyway , I called the company and told them that this was not acceptable . They refused to take the seat back and said the only thing they were offering to the consumer was the strap . I refuse to buy anymore products from this company because they do not stand by their products and obviously do n't test them well enough before they are put on the market . Luckily , Walmart took it back because it was a defective product . I would not buy Evenflo products .
 This product SHOULD work , but only if your door does n't fall between 331/2 '' and 35 '' . My doorway is 34 '' wide and it 's a 1/2 '' too short without the extendtion and 1 '' too wide with the extention . I called the manufacturer and it 's NOT listed on the box but she confirmed that this is true !
 This pillow is not very confortable specially if you have C-section . It is very difficult to use when you have a baby in your arms and you try to seat and acomodate the pillow ... the pillow arm was a nightmare for me ! I ended buying the boppy , and I am glad I did ! The cover is nice and poket too ...
 I really dont like this pillow at all . Its to hard -LRB- not firm but hard -RRB- Its not comfortable to wear & I cant use this pillow for the football hold since the way the curve of the pillow is made . Im upset I wasted so much money on this pillow
 I used a boppy pillow with my first six yrs . ago . I could n't find the old boppy so I decided to try the new nursing pillow.It IS very supportive , it makes a shelf on your abdomen for your baby to lay on.But...-You ca n't safely hold baby while putting it on.-It 's quite large and an odd shape , which makes it difficult to store.-It 's pretty stiff and at times I feel like my baby is unsafe on the pillow -LRB- It feels like he 's going to roll off -RRB- . The Boppy...-Was more compact to store.-I could swing it on and off without putting down my baby.-It was multipurpose ! I used it for nursing , tummy time , and for sitting baby in a reclined position , we had lots of fun with that boppy.I have to find my Boppy !
 I brought this with me to the hospital to use while breastfeeding . I found it to be so awkward to use , the lactation consultant who visited me just told me to put it aside and use a regular pillow . I am thin and had a little belly left after my baby was born and this did not sit right on my belly . I felt like I needed a flat tummy to use this pillow effectively and I 'm not large at all . The regular pillow worked better . I wish I had gotten a Boppy or nothing at all ; at least the Boppy can be used for more than just breastfeeding and it would n't have been a total loss . Now , 2 months into exclusive breastfeeding I ca n't imagine struggling with My Brest Friend . I do n't even use a pillow now , it 's just not necessary .
 I , too , bought this at the recommendation of the lactation consultant I met during my hospital tour , and it was essentially worthless to me . It was too painful to use after my unplanned c-section , and once I started using the Boppy pillow to nurse , I never was able to get excited about the My Brest Friend - to many moving part to get situated for nursing . I read one review that said that the Boppy was `` not made for nursing . '' Come on ! The pillows are not necessary , but they are nice to have , and selling them as more than that is really disingenuous .
 I wanted to love this , because it received such good reviews , but we tried using it to no avail . If you are nursing I recommend you use pillows at the hospital to prop your baby up , and then decide once you know what positions , etc. you are going to use whether you need something like this . My guess is you will not once you figure things out .
 The cushion has two raised bumps . One of these bumps caused a dent in the baby 's head after prolonged use . We had to cut through the foam to remove reduce the bump so that we could avoid a cranio-facial specialist . I would have given it 4 stars if it did n't have these stupid bumps . It would also be better if it were longer .
 I was not impressed with this pillow ... I started using it right away in the hospital and at home . It was not comfortable for me and my babe didnt seem to like it either . This pillow is very rigid and is now put in storage . I really feel I wasted my money . I ended up using the Boppy and was much happier with that .
 I got one as a gift . It 's bit annoying to buckle it every time and also it was difficult to level it . I often times had to put extra pillow underneath it.After a month of using it I noticed that there 's a dent on my baby 's head . If a baby nurses for more than 20 min per feeding 8-12 times a day that 's a significant amount of time your baby is spending on that hard bumpy raised head rest . My friend 's baby also has a dent on her head . I started to use the bottom part instead . Also the thickness of the back belt does n't allow me to lean comfortably on the couch . What I am upset about is the bumps and how it dented my baby 's head .
 How are they getting away with selling a BABY product with such a toxic , gaseous smell ??! This pillow reeks with fumes , I think from both the plastic packaging and the foam in the pillow itself . Please do not buy this pillow for use near your baby .
 My package just got here . . I unzipped the plastic and I could n't believe the STRONG ODOR that was off-gassing . I got a headache immediately . I looked up `` Polyurethane foam '' and could n't believe what I was reading ! I wont have this near my baby ! I had to put it in the garage . . I 'd rather have a sore back than a SICK CHILD ! `` Polyurethane foam -LRB- essentially solid petroleum -RRB- is extremely flammable . To combat this hazard , industrial toxic fire retardants are added . The most common chemical fire retardant used to treat polyurethane foam has been pentaBDE , a toxin associated with hyperactivity and neuro-behavioral alterations . PentaBDE is not bound to the foam , and leaches out into the surrounding air.PentaBDE has recently been banned in Europe . It has also been banned by the State of California as of 2006 . However , there is currently no planned government action to recall the millions of baby mattresses presently in use that contain pentaBDE . ''
 Updated review : I wrote a glowing review of this earlier , below . I am going to leave it , because it was very helpful for nursing . However , I later discovered that it is made of polyurathane which disintegrates over time , breaking down into small particles . The neurotoxin toluene offgases from polyurathane . The manufacturers list some of the hazards of polyurathane on material safety data sheets - they include
 I like the idea of this product , but the gel padding in the straps was more painful than the original snugli -LRB- which I can wear for a few hours at a time -RRB- . They need to make the straps more comfortable and give instructions on how best to adjust them ! I returned the product after a few days of use . I hope Snugli comes out with another -LRB- more comfy -RRB- carrier with the cupholder though !
 This is a cute sticker and my son loved it when we put it up ; however after a few hours , it started to peel off the wall and eventually -LRB- after being restuck several times -RRB- fell down completely folding over sticking to itself ! We were unable to get it unstuck from itself without ruining it , not worth the money .
 I wish people who make baby products actually cared about wellbeing of our babies . How can anybody in their right mind make this product out of toxic smelling foam and glue ? It gives me headache just to wear it around my waist so I ca n't imagine putting my baby on it . The material and construction is so repulsively cheap and smells horrible . This is an unethical product and I 'm disappointed at Amazon for selling them .
 This product did not work for me . It was not high enough -LRB- or thick enough -RRB- , the width was not wide enough , and the back of the pillow hurts my back -LRB- rather than supporting it -RRB- when I sit on sofa , bed , or rocking chair . I bought a Boppy pillow and kept that instead for breast-feeding . I hope you 'll find your preference .
 It was just brought to my attention today that My Brest Friend nursing pillows contain TDCCP and TCCP , Chlorinated Tris , which has been determined in January 2012 to be CARCINOGENIC . See for yourself with any internet search . The Washington Toxics Coalition conducted the study and found that this fire retardant , which was banned from being used in children 's pajamas years ago , is STILL being used in a number of baby/child products , including My Brest Friend . I am returning this nursing pillow , which I had registered for , IMMEDIATELY . FYI , Boppy pillows were tested and DO NOT contain these toxins . I will be keeping my Boppy ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have bought this pillow after reading and viewing several videos about nursing pillows . I think this is a functional and useful design and a useful item to have with a baby -LRB- my baby is due in two months , so I only speak from reading and talking to other moms -RRB- . However , I do n't think I will be using this pillow ! Here is why
 This item and an extra cover were purchased as a baby shower gift on the recommendation of my daughter who breast fed both her children . She had used a similar product but had read some good things about the `` Brest Friend '' and and thought it appeared to be well designed for its purpose . When it was delivered , and before it was even taken out of the clear plastic packaging , my wife looked at it and said `` No Way '' . The fabric exterior looked , felt , and truly was way to abrasive for a newborn 's or infant 's tender skin . The additional cover was made of the same fabric . Because of the actual makeup of the fabric , its was not likely that even repeated washings would soften the fabric to any noticeable degree . My talented wife has been sewing , knitting and otherwise working with fabrics for decades and has years of experience with infants and their skin so her reaction comes from two areas of substantial experience/expertise .
 My personal feeling on nursing pillows is ... they are a waste of money . I 've tried three and I felt all of them were cumbersome . Of course , you wo n't know if you feel that way about nursing pillows unless you try for yourself and you may end up finding it to be a necessary component to your nursing success . My recommendation is to only try one ... and the one I 'd recommend that is a better option than this one is by Luna Lullaby -LRB- Bosom Baby -RRB- . Out of the three I tried , that one was the most comfortable and took the least amount of time to get situated on me and then get the baby situated . I felt this one , the My Brest Friend , was uncomfortable with that piece going around your back and up against the chair you 're in ... AND it is made entirely of foam and has a VERY strong chemical smell to it ... not something I was comfortable with my child laying against and breathing in the fumes . And even though nursing pillows were not something that worked for me , the Bosom Baby can be used for other purposes for years to come ... and the My Brest Friend can not due to it 's construction . Just my opinion !
 I got the Brest Friend pillow this time around , having used the Boppy for my son when he was a baby . I actually do n't really like this pillow . It 's big and bulky , hard to position correctly , and the velcro strap on the deluxe cover -LRB- which I purchased separately -RRB- itches like crazy against my bare skin ! I 'm not sure if the regular cover has the itchy velcro strap , as I removed the leaf cover immediately and have n't looked at it since.Most of the time , I just nurse using a regular pillow and would get by just fine without a special nursing pillow .
 It looked so great when it arrived . Right until the first wash . After I took the cover out of the washer , it was a disaster . Strings coming out of everywhere and seams torn apart . Not to mention , now the cover does n't fit the pillow because of its torn seams -LRB- which is nothing but a piece if foam , btw -RRB- . The pillow does n't worth the money I threw out on it . -LRB- Yes , I always use delicate washing cycle for my baby 's stuff . -RRB- Either get several covers to throw away the previous one without trying to wash it , or sew everything before considering putting it in the laundry .
 The foam smells horrible of toxic chemical foam & glue . The foam is cheap quality & is made of 3 pieces that have been cheaply glued together . It is made in china . This pillow gave me a terrible headache . Huge disappointment . My pillow is also one that says it does NOT have the flame retardant chemicals on it . So that is not the problem . I love the concept of this pillow . I 'd be willing to pay more for one that was made of quality & ALL non toxic materials , & made in the USA .
 I 'll give this 2 stars because it helped to position the baby , but propping up a couple of big pillows does the same . My main concern was that this pillow had a really strong odor when I opened the contents and immediately I realized I made a mistake in my purchase after getting just about everything else made out of organic materials . Polyurethane Foam and in China . I 'm taking it outside to see if it ever airs out , but sadly it will probably end up in a landfill where it will never decompose . So much for trying to be all natural and organic . `` Some of the health hazards listed on manufacturer material safety data sheets -LRB- MSDS -RRB- for polyurethane foam include
 When you first start breastfeeding , latching the baby on is a production . This pillow actually worked well with what it was designed to do-it makes it much easier to get the baby latched on properly . It 's just a production in and of itself to use the thing . I wonder about people who swear by the convenience of this product , because I just could n't understand a few key things . It 's huge , where do you store it while you are not nursing ? I kept it in my bedroom but if I was n't nursing in there ... Do you detach and reattach it every time you breastfeed ? When I became a little more familiar with the process of breastfeeding -LRB- after about 2 weeks -RRB- I threw it on top of the pile of maternity clothes I will end up donating . It just was n't worth my time and energy to go get the pillow , attach the pillow to me and then get the baby on . I do n't think I would spend 30 something dollars on it if I had it to do over again . She is almost 3 months old and I use a regular bed pillow for support now ... much easier .
 I purchased the Breast Friend over the standard Boppy thinking it was better designed to support the newborn during breastfeeding . I do think this is true but it has some major issues that make me wish I had just stuck to the standard Boppy . It is made of hard Styrofoam with makes it difficult to sit in chairs with arms while you nurse . You have to wrap it around you -LRB- there is no place to put that back support if you do not -RRB- which just digs into your back if you are sitting in a chair and leaning back at all . When you stand up , you have this thing clinging to you and no hands free to remove it -LRB- forget trying to get it off without waking the baby -RRB- which is a hassle too . Finally , it is not as versatile as a Boppy . It might work for some , but I just ended up using pillow -LRB- s -RRB- instead .
 I loved the concept of the pillow and how it made a level surface for nursing . However , the pillow smelled like industrial glue . Even after airing it out for a day it still smelled like glue . I have to return the pillow . When I took the cover off to air it out , I noticed that each of the pieces had been glued together . I am trying to find a similar option without the glue smell because I liked it better than the boppy .
 I bought this before my daughter was born and was pretty disappointed right from the start.first of all it 's a pain to put around and close it while having to hold a baby.My daughter never layed on it properly and I still had to use 2 extra pillows to put her in a good nursing position.Now my daughter is 3 months and does n't fit on it anymore.I am not happy with this product and would n't buy it again if I had the choice ...
 I 've been using this since my daughter was born . It functions really well . Good support and easy to use . Although , I do n't care for the round , elevated pillows . Also , it 's tough to quietly unlock this belt . I know this is foam , which usually has fire retardants , and I prefer not to expose my daughter to toxic chemicals . So , before using this pillow I went on their website , which states the following : `` We stopped using fire retardants with our foam some years ago . We test all of our foam and products using Intertek laboratories , considered to be one of the leading independent testing laboratories in the world . All of our tests have passed the legal and strictest safety regulations . We continue to test all residuals for safety , and the results show that they are either nonexistent or at a level that is considered to be `` non-detectable '' by the laboratory , and therefore considered safest . `` But , a recent report by Washington Toxics Coalition -LRB- WTC -RRB- tested the foam in a laboratory and found existing TDCPP -LRB- chlorinated Tris -RRB- . So , flame retardants are detectable and exist in this pillow unlike their promise.Here 's what the WTC report says about TDCPP in case you think it 's safe -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- : `` TDCPP was designated as a carcinogen by the State of California under Proposition 65 in October 2011 based on laboratory studies finding increases in kidney , liver , and testicular tumors as well as evidence of mutagenicity -LSB- 9 , 10 -RSB- . Previously , a Consumer Product Safety Commission -LRB- CPSC -RRB- assessment designated the chemical as a probable carcinogen and estimated the number of excess cancers due to exposure at 300 cancers per million adults -LSB- 11 -RSB- . Since most regulations are designed to limit excess cancers to one per million , this assessment put TDCPP 's cancer hazard at 300 times the level considered acceptable . ''
 My package just got here . . I unzipped the plastic and I could n't believe the STRONG ODOR that was off-gassing . I got a headache immediately . I looked up `` Polyurethane foam '' and could n't believe what I was reading ! I wont have this near my baby ! I had to put it in the garage . . I 'd rather have a sore back than a SICK CHILD ! `` Polyurethane foam -LRB- essentially solid petroleum -RRB- is extremely flammable . To combat this hazard , industrial toxic fire retardants are added . The most common chemical fire retardant used to treat polyurethane foam has been pentaBDE , a toxin associated with hyperactivity and neuro-behavioral alterations . PentaBDE is not bound to the foam , and leaches out into the surrounding air.PentaBDE has recently been banned in Europe . It has also been banned by the State of California as of 2006 . However , there is currently no planned government action to recall the millions of baby mattresses presently in use that contain pentaBDE . ''
 I 've been breastfeeding for 6 months now and had both the My Brest Friend -LRB- MBF -RRB- and the Boppy . I preferred the Boppy much more and here 's why : - Boppy is easier to use . I just grab the Boppy and and throw it around my waist instead of fumbling with a strap on the MBF and getting it clicked in.-Boppy is more comfortable . That piece that goes around your back on the MBF is just uncomfortable to me . The Boppy just seemed much more soft and comfy for baby too.-Boppy is multi purpose . I sat on it when my bottom hurt after childbirth , used it as a place to set the baby , and used it for every nursing session.-Boppy feels better made . The My Best Friend just felt cheap to me .
 This was the second monitor we purchased after our old monitor broke . First was the Graco 3 way-that went back within a few hours . I purchased this monitor because of all the features which are great . However the monitor itself made constant clicking noises and would fade in and out . When using the talk feature to speak to your child your voice is very distorted and hard to understand . Also when listening through the parent unit your childs voice and noises are distorted . That 's when you can hear through the static.We took this monitor back the same day we bought it . This monitor does not give parents the security in knowing their little one is OK . I would not recommmend this monitor to anyone ! ...
 The sound quality of this monitor is TERRIBLE !! We bought it because we liked the two-way communication feature and the sound and light show . The two-way sound is awful - hardly recognizable enough to comfort baby . The light show is awesome and the sounds are great -- but is n't this supposed to be a monitor above all ? On that count it fails utterly . We will NEVER use this again or recommend it to anyone ... not after we used it while in another part of the house and then discovered that our infant had been crying hysterically to the point of hyperventilating and we NEVER HEARD A PEEP with this monitor . Tremendously disappointed with this product . Stay away !
 I also got this monitor because I registered for it . What a waste ! All the reivews that talk about the horrible static and clicking are exactly right . What they failed to mention , though , is the random static bursts that monitor itself emits . They rarely fail to wake the baby up . What is also frustrating -- and one of the dumbest things I 've seen in a long time -- is the `` soothe '' function . I thought this was designed to actually soothe the baby . It 's not . If you have the light show and music on , and the baby begins to cry , it shuts off . Do n't waste your money . Get a cheaper monitor and a good mobile . You 'll be better off .
 If you think you are sleep deprived now just wait until you get this monitor . It has great features but it clicks constantly . You are up listening to the sound of the monitor rather than the sound of your baby crying . I called Fisher Price and they said that this monitor makes a clicking noise because of the transmission of all the features . There is no way to get rid of it . It is n't worth the lack of sleep .
 I registered for this monitor after seeing a local talk show host give it as a gift to one of her guests . We 're so disppointed with it ! The `` remote control '' receiver clicks so loudly when it 's unplugged that I ca n't carry it with me around the house -- it sometimes clicks when plugged in too . I 've also found the reception to be unreliable . I took it into the bathroom with me one morning while I showered and it did n't work at all ! I eventually heard my baby but only because he was screaming loud enough for his voice to carry into the bathroom . :-LRB- The base unit lets out occasional bursts of static , and will also turn itself on automatically . I originally thought this was an intentional feature to soothe a crying baby , but I 've often seen the light show in an empty nursery too ! I also wish the music/sound effects played for longer than 5 minutes . The sound effects puts out a nice white noise but I 've noticed that my baby will startle awake when the sound effects shuts off suddenly.I would not recommend this monitor to anyone .
 This is the cutest monitor we saw and I loved the idea of being able to tell the baby we were on the way -LRB- the FX show was a consideration , but of lesser concern -RRB- . HOWEVER - there is no way my husband or I can understand a THING that either of us says when speaking into the receiver of this plastic static-box . Not to mention that it scares the daylights out of the baby when a garbled , scratchy , duck-being-strangled voice `` transmits '' into his room . And what 's with the whirring tic-tic-tic-tic sound that we have to hear whenever we carry the monitor with us ?? It 's completely distracting and twice as bad when operating on the battery . -LRB- So much for going about the house and carrying the receiver with us . As an added bonus if you try to use the belt clip you will within 35 seconds hit the button that sets off the sound & lights display , a rude awakening for your baby . -RRB- Did anybody test out this piece of dookie before marketing it ??? I should have just connected two tin cans together with a string and performed shadow puppets over a flash light .
 This is a terrible montior . I thought it was a neat idea . You can hear nothing but buzzing and static . I can not even hear my daughter cry . I have to keep the volume on low because the static is so bad . Do not waste your money . I had to go and purchase another monitor .
 My baby loves the light and sound show but the monitor part of this is terrible ! At random times and in random places the monitor will click and get static . Seems mostly to do with electrical interference . I would not recommend this product and am going to pursue returning mine .
 THIS MONITOR IS HORRIBLE !!!!! I did n't listen to the reviews and now I 'm stuck with this MONSTER !!!! I thought the light show was so neat too , and it is , but I would rather not have static and clicking then have the light show . The static and clicking is constant !! At night I have to shut it off , because in the middle of the night the crickets start singing and wake up my son !!! So ... DO N'T BUY IT ... LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS WE CA N'T ALL BE WRONG !!!!!!!!!!
 We bought this monitor for all the wonderful features ... the ceiling light show , the fact that it was remote controlled , and you could talk to the baby and not be in the room . What we did not plan on purchasing with this monitor was the constant clicking and the LOUD blast of static that happens frequently . The blast of static is so loud it wakes us and the baby up all through the night . We called Fisher Price and they said the blast of static was most likely cellular phone and cordless phone interfernce ... but after reading all the reviews and how everyone has this problem ... I 'm guessing this is just a poorly made piece of equipment . We have baby number 2 on the way and are buying a new monitor . Fisher Price would n't replace our monitor either ... we were willing to send them the one we have in exchange ... but they refused .
 Do NOT buy this monitor . It 's noisy , it keeps you up at night more so than your baby ! The light show is great but $ 50 is expensive for just a light show ... spend your money on something else for baby and get a cheaper monitor !!!
 I bought this monitor in anticipation of the arrival of our baby . We 've just started to use it and it keeps us up at night more than our 2 month old due to the incessant clicking on the receiver -LRB- as well as the burst of static on the main unit -RRB- . I spoke with Fisher Price customer service and they said that the clicking is expected -LRB- but yet not communicated on the product info anywhere -RRB- due to the two-way function of this unit . I 'm now stuck with an expensive monitor that FP wo n't back up .
 We registered for this monitor because of all the great features . We were very disappointed , however , that the receiver was so loud it would keep us awake more than our new baby ! Even when our baby would cry , it was hard to hear him over all the static and humming of the receiver . If you want a real monitor , do n't get this one . We have tried two monitors since and recommend the Sony Baby Call -LRB- 27 channel -RRB- monitor . It is truly a high-tech piece of equipment and so clear it sounds like the baby is in the room with you .
 All you can hear is STATIC with this thing !!!! Definately not worth the price !!!! It looks cute , but do n't work ! Do n't waste your money on this one !
 This product was a big disappointment . The static is so bad that we can barely hear our son crying and to get the lights to even go to the second level he has to be crying histerically . Also , you basically have to have the monitor in the bed with him so he can see the projection on the ceiling . The only good thing I have found about this product is that you can turn the music on without going in the room , but when you do turn the music on you really can not hear your child at all . I would highly recommend going with another product .
 The montior has an intermitant clicking noise that is very loud . The monitor also has a significant amount of interference . The light show function has mysteriously turned on during the middle of the night -LRB- no the 1.5 month old did not turn it on -RRB- . The baby does enjoy the light show ... . but for -LSB- the price -RSB- the money would be better spent on something else . We are still searching for another monitor to replace the Fisher Price `` keep the parents up at night '' monitor . 1-20-03 purchased a sony monitor off of the the sony web site -LRB- 27 channels and 900 mhz -RRB- Monitor works well -LRB- very quiet and clear reception -RRB- and includes a voice activation mode . We still use the fisher price monitor for the light show but for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- you are better off buying the sony monitor for a good night 's sleep . Too bad amazon does not carry the sony moniotr .
 We registered for this product despite of all of the bad reviews . I thought if it is from Fisher-price and has all kinds of features to it how bad can it be ? Really bad . The monitor clicks loud enough to keep you awake whenever it is on and the base picks up static in bursts that wakes my daughter up from a sound sleep . My daughter enjoyed the light show , but we no longer use even that . It is supposed to go on whenever the baby cries , but it shuts itself off with the next scream . So if she is crying the monitor goes on and off - it does not help to soothe anyone . Even the night light is too dim to do any good . If you are thinking about buying this monitor think twice .
 This monitor is not worth the money ! The ticking that goes on through the night is enough to make you go through the roof ! And it drowns out the baby . The only thing we use it for now is the light show when we 're changing our daughter . She loves to watch it and listen to the music . It was rather disappointing !
 I bought this item for my toddler so I would be able to hear when he woke up in the middle of the night , but the static and clicking sounds are awful on my reciever end -LRB- sorta sounds like a clock ticking loudly -RRB- I ca n't even hardly hear my son over all the noise unless he is crying super hard . I had to go out and buy a new monitor to hear him.My son does like the picutre show on the ceiling we have to set it on the floor near his bed so it will position right.I expected more from Fisher Price this item was a huge disapointment I think they should lower the price to about $ 13 at the very most .
 We bought this monitor as a replacement for the monitor we currently use for our 3 year old son which was getting staticky after 3 years of continual use . We only used it for about 2 days before packaging it up and returning it to the store . When the channels are set correctly the monitor clicks and it is not nearly sensitive enough for our liking . My current old monitor allowed us to hear our sons breathing while the static on this model barely allowed us to hear other noises in or out of the room . We thought the lights and projection might also entertain our toddler but he was not very fond of them at all and insisted that we turn them off . Overall , not a good buy and I would not recommend it .
 I traded one disaster for another . I started with the safty 1st 900MHz and it kept beeping on me even when plugged it . So I traded it for the Soothing Dreams Monitor . I could not hear anything except static all night . And the projector has to be so far from the wall just to see it . To top it off there is no vol control on the music All around a very dipointing experience .
 We purchased this monitor thinking it would be a great way to help our 2 year old transition into his big boy room , but were quickly aware this might have not been the best choice . There is a constant clicking sound that comes through the monitor receiver , the lights are not indicitive of the baby 's cries , it turns on at random times and last night static surges woke our 2 year old up at 5 a.m. . What a disappointment since our son likes the light show so much ... but there is just too many negatives to keep using this monitor .
 I 'm a first time Mom , so I should have asked another new Mom before buying a monitor . I was one of the first to get the Soothing Dreams Monitor when it first came out . I saw the ad in a magazine at the doctor 's office and thought it would be nice to remotely activate the music and lights while I 'm walking in to her from another room ... but this monitor is for the birds!My husband and I had problems with it since the first time we plugged it in ! The constant click click noise is enough to drive ANYONE insane , plus ... the receiver gave off a LOUD static pop every 3 minutes or so ! The customer service representative at Fisher Price was MOST UNHELPFUL ! She told me that it was something that I would have to put up with , considering interference from cell phones , satellites and cordless phones in our neighborhood -- WHAT ? -- and , that if I wanted , I could return it to Fisher Price -LRB- by paying for shipping myself -RRB- and they 'd send a new one in 4 to 6 weeks . -LRB- Of course , my 1 week old would have no monitor for that time , unless I bought another one and returned it to the store once Fisher Price sent me the new Soothing Dreams monitor -RRB- . FORGET IT!We bought the Graco 2-way monitor a day later and LOVE IT ! Thanks -LSB- local store associate -RSB- for recommending it to us !!! We 're using the old Soothing Dreams monitor as a door stop !
 This was the second monitor we purchased after our old monitor broke . First was the Graco 3 Way which was returned within hours of purchasing it.We purchased this monitor because of all the features which are great . However there is a constant clicking noise and the monitor fades in and out . When using the talk feature to talk to your child your voice comes through distorted and is very hard to understand . Your childs voice also comes through the parent unit very distorted . That is when you can hear through the static . This monitor will not give any parent the security they are looking for in a monitor.After returning this monitor we purchase the Evenflo Constant Care 3000/two way communicator . We love it . We can our son crystal clear with no static in both the monitor & intercom mode . Save yourself the aggravation & purchase the Evenflo .
 I loved the idea of the lightshow and being able to talk back to my baby , but when I plugged it in the reciever end continuously clicks , to where it is cutting out parts of the sound from the babies room , SUPER annoying !!! I liked it so much , I took it back and got another one , SAME problem . Now every once in a while the end that goes in the babies room make a very loud static sound . I have not had my baby yet and if that scary sound would have woken her up I would have been a very unhappy mom ! I guess I am taking it back today .
 I had the same problem that one of the other people had . It -LRB- the music -RRB- turnes on and off when my baby cries and it 's not voice activated . I just bought it today and I guess I will be returning it tomorrow . Maybe the next one will work right . I will be exchanging for the same product . The rest of the features are great ! As long as you do n't have the same problem I 've had - this is the perfect monitor.I 'm giving this a second review ! I returned the first monitor for another one and it too did n't work . I gave up on it and I 'll be doing some research on getting another . I did notice more static on the second monitor . This I guess is just a poor product . Usually I am very faitful to Fisher Price . I guess they ca n't always have the best .
 I received this monitor as a gift for by baby shower . I registered for it because I liked the fact that it played music & had a light show . Well , where I had put the monitor , the light show would n't be over my son 's crib for him to see it . It did n't adjust very far . Also , the noises that the monitor & base would make were very annoying . The base would make a loud screeching noise every 20 mins or so and would wake up my son . The reciever also made very loud noises that it was hard for my husband & I to sleep at night . I called Fisher-Price and told them of the problems and they said it was probably some type of interference on my end . It was n't the monitor . So , I sent it back to Fisher-Price & they sent me $ $ back ... The above monitor -LSB- stinks -RSB- , do n't waste your $ $ .
 My husband and I recieved this monitor as a shower gift , -LRB- I did register for it -RRB- in the store it sounded so good with the light show and the two way communication and the music , but first off the music keeps my son up instead of putting him to sleep and it is hard to get the light show to go directly over the crib without having to put the monitor on a slant , i leaned it on a teddy bear . I find that it has alot of static , the static gets so loud in the night it wakes me up and then i lower the volume to get rid of the static but then the volume is so low i cant hear my son . Also when i unplug it even with a battery in it , it clicks a very very loud click that i have to just plug it back in and even sometimes when its plugged it it still clicks.I am defintly returning this monitor and i would not recommend buying it , even though it sounds enticing .
 I only gave this product 2 stars because of all the features . I love this product because of the features but it has horrible reception . My bedroom is across the hall from my daughter 's , about 10 feet , and there is a horrible clicking noise . If I turn it up , I ca n't even fall asleep because the noise is so loud !
 We bought this monitor because of all the great features . Unfortunately the only one that worked was the picture show and that was so bright , it kept our son awake . The static is so loud , we could n't hear the baby cry . The volume control does n't work . It 's on loud all the time . And to top it all off , it broke after just two weeks ! Great concept , but it needs much improvement .
 I have this monitor and I thought for the price that I would be getting a good one . I was wrong . It 's not a great monitor at all . It is very noisy and makes a loud noise every once in a while -LRB- I guess it 's static -RRB- . The receiver is VERY loud . I 've had to adjust it sooo low so that it wo n't keep me awake at night . I 've tried both channels and neither one is clear . It is very annoying and most of the time I just leave it off and use my motherly instinct to hear her anyway . I ca n't even hear the little noises she makes - I only hear her crying . I would n't recommend this monitor . I love Fisher Price toys and have never had a problem with them but I will buy another monitor for the next baby !!
 This product is a good toy but NOT a good monitor . My daughter loved the light show but the monitor had so much static that I could not hear her in her room . My husband went into the nursery and talked to me and I could not hear him either not to mention I could not sleep with all the noise this monitor made . There are other product to buy that provide the light show . The most important feature of a monitor is to provide safety for your child.I was told that these days it is hard to find a monitor that will work with all the cell phones and other electronics of our times . We bought the Sony monitor with 27 channels and it works really well , NO static and is very clear .
 Some advice to All parents ... DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! I bought this monitor thinking that with all the perks it offered , it had to be a great monitor . That along with the `` prestigious '' Fisher Price name and being a new mom led me to this conclusion . The static is loud at any volume you set it to . The receiver clicks nonstop , and I do mean NONSTOP . I called customer service and I was told that that is how I was supposed to know it 's working . Mind you , it 's so loud that I ca n't hear the baby when he cries . I thought that would be a pretty good indicator that it was working , however fisher price disagrees with me . Her exact words were '' With all the bells and whistles included in this product , that is really just a minor inconvenience '' . Whoaw . Do n't . . I repeat , do n't buy this . The swirling light show just isi n't worth it .
 What a wonderful concept if only it worked . We purchased this monitor because of all the `` great '' features . The light show and music are great but the monitor itself was horrible . We had nothing but static . We could not even hear our son . The monitor would shut on & off on it 's own . The intercom mode would be great if it worked properly . Voices come through very distorted on both units . This feature should be to reassure your child not scare them.My personal opinion for anyone would be to NOT buy this product if your looking for the security a monitor should give you . If you are looking for a light show for your child then this is for you . We have since purchased the Evenflo Constant Care monitor ~ We love it ! It gives all the security we expected from a monitor .
 We bought this because of the additional features it offered compared with other monitors . Several problems :1 . There is a constant pulsing on both channels -LRB- my friend 's monitor works fine in our house so we do n't have a local interference problem -RRB- .2 . Yes , you can talk to your baby using the handset but it 's distorted so much it 's scary ! 3 . The light show is nice but there is no focus adjustment so it does n't look that great .4 . The soothing sounds are not soothing due to the constant background buzzing . In fact , it just sounds cheap and nasty .
 I thought that I would ignore the reviews I had read about this monitor , `` It could n't be that bad '' I thought to myself , well I was wrong ! This monitor is terrible ! There is so much static and clicking in the receiver that I could n't hear my son and my husband and I could n't sleep with it on . The reason we got a monitor was to be able to hear our baby and all we could hear was interference with this monitor . Not only was the static bad but you ca n't position the projector where you want it so pretty much the only way to get the image on the ceiling above the crib would be to put the monitor in the crib . When I returned this monitor to Babies-R-Us the sales girl told me that no one is ever satisfied with that monitor and they almost all get returned . I bought the Constant Care 3000 2-way Communicator by Evenflo instead and it is WONDERFUL !!!! I can still talk to my son when I 'm not in the room , with the 2 way communicator and the reception is clear as a bell !
 I was disappointed with this monitor for three reasons
 Actually most of the negative reviews we have read about this product are seem to be a bit understated . In order to hear the baby , the monitor must be turned up so high that the bedroom sounds like the proverbial evil scientists laboratory all night with all the buzzing and knocking . After spending a few nights with this monitor I suspect that Fisher Price has received government funding for research on a special sleep deprivation project on new parents . In short , if you want to be an irritable insomniac then this is the monitor for you . However if you enjoy your sleep at night then I would urge you to look elsewhere . My wife and I will be headed to any place that is open to get a replacement today !
 I wish that I had as much luck as others with this product.My baby loves the light show & soothing sounds but this isnot enough for me to keep this product . When the system is in use a `` heartbeat '' noise can be heard through the remote . This noise is loud enough that the baby can BARELY be heard through it -LRB- the base being only 12 inches away from her . I have been told by the manufacturer this is a common problem with this product . If I did n't need a monitot this product would be wonderful .
 My husband and I have been very disappointed with this monitor . I am currently looking for another . The static and noise is terrible and keeps me awake at night . We really ca n't hear our baby all that much better than without it . Also , the design is very poor . It does not stand up well . The buttons for the light show and the voice activation are also very poorly placed . I find that every time I pick it up I hit one of the buttons by mistake and panic that I will startle my baby with light or sound . Finally , the volume dials are recessed and very difficult to use . I agree , the light show does n't work well unless you have it in the crib . So far , we have never used this and many of the other features . I would have to say that this was a big waste of money . Are there any better monitors out there ???? What I really want is to hear my baby , I 'm willing to do away with all the gagets .
 My wife and I registered for this monitor thinking the projector was a great idea . Problem is , if you do n't have a piece of furniture right next to the crib , the baby ca n't see the moving pictures on the ceiling . It would 've worked better if there was some sort of bracket to attach the monitor outside the crib railing . However , this is not the only problem . The interference is so bad that you can barely hear the baby . There is a constant clicking and hum . We are currently shopping for a new monitor set .
 I thought the monitor was awesome ... in the box . Since the monitor has come out of the box it has been nothing but a hassle . In order for baby to see the light show , it has to be right next to the crib . So , we have a Wooden TV Tray next to his crib just for the monitor . The monitor will turn on and off in the middle of the night even when you do n't want it on . The receiver has so much static it just clangs and clicks all night long . I ca n't hear my son whatsoever in it . When I want it on to soothe him , I 'll push the button and it will turn off 30 seconds later . What a waste . We have returned it 3 different times , thinking it may just be the specific monitor , but NOPE ... it 's ALL of them . DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM !!
 We had high hopes for this monitor . We thought the features were great . The pictures on the ceiling the noise of the crickets . Then we actually tried to use it . The receiver made a horrible clicking noise and the reception was not clear at all . I could hardly hear my child . Also the soothe button did not work well at all . We returned it and bought the Fisher Price Vibrating Monitor instead . That is great . We actually bought two . That is my next review to do .
 Yuck ... this thing was so loud and horrible . I took it back after one horrible night .
 Do not buy this even if your life depended on it ! The static and clicking noise coming from the reciever was just too much to handle . The stupid thing even cut out a number of time during the night . The only thing it is good for is a light show . But even that does not justify the cost .
 This monitor is nice for the light show but everything else is horrible . I also think it has a very annoying clicking sound and it the portable radio only works plugged in . The baby cries and I do n't hear a thing !
 I bought this monitor and the first night my son woke up crying in the middle of the night . There is a DEFECT in this monitor , when it is off and a loud pitch sound -LRB- CRYING -RRB- goes off near it , it turns on . All of the sudden anytime my sun cried or even talked the light show and music would go off . I called FP about this and they said that they know of the problem but have no way to fix it .
 This may be the worst electronic gadget we 've ever owned . The biggest problem is with the sound quality of the monitor itself . On one channel we get major static , on the other channel we get a high-pitched background whine with occasional tapping sounds which come through loud and clear . It sounds like someone clapping and it 's very disconcerting to hear that coming from the baby 's room in the middle of the night . We ca n't hear the baby unless we 're so close we do n't need the monitor . We 're also having the same trouble other reviewers have had with the `` light show '' coming on spontaneously . On the whole , we 're not happy with this product .
 I got this monitor as a shower gift and thought it would be great . Unfortunately , my husband tossed out the box or I would have returned it the first time I used it . This monitor has such bad reception on it that I could never hear when my daughter would wake up . It also had so much static on her end that it would wake her up with clicking noises and loud bouts of static . I really dislike this monitor . I would not suggest this monitor to anyone . We ended up with a video monitor that someone else gave us as a gift and still use it . Our daughter is now one and we can see her and hear her every move clearly . We are expecting another baby and are in the market for another monitor , because I will not be using this one.As for the light show , they were nice but my daughter would always get so wound up laughing and watching it that she would not go to sleep . We have never even been able to use that part of it . It has just been shoved in a closet with only being used a couple of disappointing times . A very displeased mom .
 I am down stairs at this very moment listening to this annoying thing -LRB- Tic , tic , tic -RRB- . Most of the reviews that I have read thus far have been right on it . I thought that it would be a great thing to have a monitor/toy for my baby 's nursery . You can not hear your child when he cries unless he SCREAMS . The point is , this is supposed to be a monitor with added bonus of sounds and lights for the baby . It 's not a monitor at all ! My 4 month old son just recently recovered from RSV . When we brought him home from the hospital we needed to keep a close ear on his breathing day and night . It was not possible to hear him cry with this monitor , much less cough , weeze , and choke . I am being quite dramatic I know , but the reason for this piece of equipment is to hear your baby when he needs you . If you want it as a monitor , YOU DO N'T WANT IT !
 I really wish these reviews were available when I registered for this item . Unfortunately , we also did not use it until we moved our son into his bedroom and had long since gotten rid of the box . The clicking and static on the receiver are intolerable . The base is not stable and we have to keep it in his crib to be remotely effective -LRB- fine until he can actually grab it ! -RRB- . The soothing feature is ridiculous . I am actually on my way to the store to purchase another unit and throw this one in the trash as I would n't inflict it on anyone as a hand-me-down .
 There is a loud static noise that wakes my baby during the night . I finally went out and bought a different type .
 Like others have said , the receiver makes a constant buzzing sound when on , and a repeated ticking noise when it 's plugged in . Not a good monitor to waste money on ! It also falls over very easily , and so far has been of no use in comforting my 4-month old son with the added features . Especially because of the rather high price , I feel foolish for having bought this .
 We received this as a shower gift . Although we had n't registered for it , we decided to keep it because it looked like such a wonderful idea . And cute , too . I did n't use it until my son was 4 months old , so he did n't sleep as heavily as he did as a newborn . The monitor made this terrible static noise . Kind of like static that you hear when using a walkie-talkie . The worst part about it was that it was n't a constant noise . It would randomly make this really loud noise . If it had been constant , it would have been a little bit easier to block it out . And since the monitor has a speaker in the base part , the static would scream through and wake up my son during random parts of the night.I really thought the design was cute , but the first time -LRB- and a few more times -RRB- that I used it , I was carrying it everywhere with me . That 's what these are for , correct ? To be portable ? Well , when I set it down , if it 's not leaning backwards , the little rounded knob legs allow the unit to tip over . Now , although I tried to catch it , I missed , and the button to activate the sound and light show hit the ground ! So , my son was no longer asleep . It would be much more user friendly if the legs were not rounded.I have since bought a Piece of Mind monitor by The First Years . This is working wonderfully and no more static is waking up the baby !
 Registered for this because of the light show . While that is a great concept , it is so staticky ! There are constant noises all night , and it has woken my baby up . I can barely hear her if she wakes up in the middle of the night .
 I put this moniter on my registery , and when I received it and set it up , I thought it was the cutest moniter in the world . I loved the soothing lights and sounds feature and the talk feature , but after the baby came home from the hospital , my opinion changed . I noticed that the moniter barely picked up the baby crying , and there is no way of turning off the music so you can just have the moniter going at night . At 2:30 in the morning , the baby wakes me up and then the loud music playing wakes up the rest of the family . Plus , the handset started making this really loud knocking noise , much louder than the regular noise a moniter makes . You ca n't even turn down the volume to make the knocking stop . The moniter is going back to the store today , and hopefully I 'll find one that is more practical and works better .
 My son loved the light show . The first monitor I bought lasted one month before the light went out . It was n't the bulb so I returned it to Toys R us . The next one I bought the light show did not work at all . I returned that one too . I tried one more time and the light show only lasted for five minutes . I called Fisher Price to complain and they have n't heard of any problems with it . I also had a problem with the clicking noise but only on the third product . So now I am in the process of looking for another monitor . I would n't waste any time or money on this product . It was a good idea if it worked .
 Great concept , the light show would be very entertaining for my baby . However , the monitor does not work well as a monitor . I agree with everyone else about the annoying clicking sound . Not worth the money .
 I like the light show and the music . We can hear the babies fine , but there is a lot of interference on both channels -LRB- the next room away -RRB- and such a HORRIBLE clicking noise that comes from both the receiver and the base unit regardless of if we are using new batteries , old batteries or have it plugged in . I wish I would n't have thrown the package away before we used it for a while first .
 Do not buy this even if your life depended on it ! The static and clicking noise coming from the reciever was just too much to handle . The stupid thing even cut out a number of time during the night . The only thing it is good for is a light show . But even that does not justify the cost .
 We were so excited about the concept of the light show , remote activation , and 2 way communication ... but alas , the only part that worked correctly was the light show . As a monitor , we had to turn it up all the way just to hear our son cry , and the constant loud electrical pulsating snapped my nerves in about 5 minutes ... We tried 3 of these monitors , hoping it was just a defect in one , but unfortunately , the pulsating was there in all 3 . I hope they improve the technology - I 'd be right back to buy it !
 I bought this item mostly for the two-way communication feature -LRB- for my husband and I to use when on different floors , not for me to talk to the baby -RRB- . My husband immediately noticed the clicking noise on the receiver . I had never had a baby monitor before and thought this was normal -- based on all the reviews below , I guess it is n't ! I had a problem that no one else seems to have had ... not always , but several times , when I turned on the music/projector show , it acted like it had a short or a loose wire and cut in and out very quickly . Instead of being soothing . . it was scary ! I took it back to the store and got a new one , but it did the SAME THING ! So I took it back again and am looking for something else . Ironically , my neighbor who has twin girls that are just three weeks older than my son bought it and she had problems with it , too . She also returned it and got a second one that still had the problems.Don ' t buy this product -- waste of money .
 My wife and I tried to do as much research as possible in an attempt to give our baby the best . Out of all the purchases for our new daughter , this item is definitely the worst and cheapest made product . There is a continuous clicking , humming sound that can not be deleted no matter what channel you put the monitor on . There is also continuous feedback from outside interference - sometimes you may hear people talking . We live in a small neighborhood w/o a lot of air/mobile traffic etc , so we ca n't understand where the feedback comes from . The clicking sound is worst of all because it drowns out the babies noises/cries . The light show is ok but not a great picture . The soothing sounds , as someone else wrote , is very annoying and cheap . Please look into other brand names . This one is a dud . Good luck .
 I purchased this monitor because I thought it would be nice for the light show and two way radio . I used it for a few days and then returned it ... definitely not worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . There is a CONSTANT clicking noise and it is so annoying !! Fisher Price ... you need to re-evaluate this product !!
 I registered for this product and received it and was very happy and excited to finally try it out after all the TV adds that made it seem so great . Well they were all wrong ! This monitor is the worst monitor . It has terrible static as well as a terrible loud buzzing sound . I was determinded that something must be wrong with the monitor so called Fisher Price and asked and come to find out that famous buzzing that everybody is complaining about is the motor that is in the base and it is being transmitted through the receiver . There is nothing that can be done about it . This keeps me and my husband up more then the baby crying , if we can even hear her ! Terrible product big waste of money . Now we are on a search for another monitor that will do its job .
 This monitor is TERRIBLE !!! The only thing I can hear is this loud , obnoxious whirring / clicking sound , and it did n't pick up my son 's cries at ALL ! He was in his room screaming , and all I heard was that clicking . The light show is neat , but we did n't even use it before taking this monitor back . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 We registered for this monitor before I could find any reviews because it was so new . I was unsure but I really thought the options would be great ! Boy was a ever wrong ! This thing is so loud with static that it actually wakes up my baby . I found this to be true with or without a cordless phone in the house . To add to my mistake , I like some of the others no longer have the box . SO I now rely on my own ears or and old Gerry monitor that used to belong to my sister 8 years ago . Fisher Price should take this off the market because it is junk !!!
 This monitor may have a nice appearance , and nice features , but it is the worst product I have ever dealt with . I was completely shocked , seeing that it is a Fisher Price item . The night show is nice , the music is nice , and all the features are nice-if they worked ! The first time my baby cried , it turned on by itself-which I thought was great . Until her screams persisted , and it would turn off , then on again , then off again . If I turn it on , and she cries , it goes off . Last night , I went to turn it on quickly because I saw she was waking , as soon as I touched the `` Soothe '' button , she let out a wail and it turned off . When it does stay on , it stays on for 5 minutes . Also , the most important feature does not work - I can not hear anything going on in her room . I originally had the Safety 1st Grow with me monitor , but it unfortunately broke , so I figured I 'd try this one . With the Safety 1st monitor , I could hear what was going on outside , I could hear her breathing , I could hear what was going on in the room next to it . With this one , I can not hear anything until her screams are loud . Even with her wailing , I have an annoying clicking noise that prevents from hearing anything that can actually be heard out of this monitor . The power switch is hard to turn on ; it is just a horrible product that I would not recommend to anyone . There are other ways to get a light show and music or sounds . I have the environment sounds machine , and I can do without the night show-it did n't even interest my baby .
 The first night we used this monitor , it seemed that my son enjoyed the light show and fell right to sleep . With minimal interference , but some strange clicking noise , we decided to keep using it ... but then the strange and seemingly random on/off of the `` soothing '' features began . The projector and music seemed to go on and off with my baby 's crying and sometimes for no apparent reason . Its going back to Babies R Us tomorrow ... still looking for a good monitor .
 We have purchased two different units of this product and have experienced the same problems with each of them.The volume control on the main unit is not functional , and the pre-set volume is too loud . This sound wakes my baby from a drowsy state , rather than soothing him back to sleep . Since the volume control does not work , we have not been able to remedy this situation and therefore proving that particular feature , useless.The remote for this system makes a constant clicking sound and makes it difficult to sleep with the unit turned on . This disturbing noise is present at all volumes of the unit.The remote does not work if the battery is low , even with the unit plugged in to an electrical outlet . It would also be helpful to have some sort of `` low battery '' warning light or sound.Also , the main unit does not have a high enough sensitivity for sound . We have found that the unit must be in the crib itself for it to pick up even loud crying . We have tried to set the unit on the table next to the crib , but then can not hear our son . This concerns me because the unit must be plugged into the wall to function , therefore leaving an electrical cord within reach of a baby where he may become entangled.Although we have the previous complaints regarding this product , we have found it to be one of the better units on the market . The range for the unit is good and it does not interfere with our cordless telephone . It does have an attractive design -LRB- except for the cumbersome remote with ridiculous antenna -RRB- and our son loves to watch the light show when he is awake . We find it very frustrating with the technology available today , that this is the best that Fisher Price can do .
 My husband and I registered for this monitor when we were expecting our son . The Fisher-Price name and great features lead us to believe it was the best monitor on the market . Boy were we WRONG !!! The light show enamored us but the clicking noise , buzzing and constant interference -LRB- especially with our phone -RRB- drove us crazy !!! We immediately returned it and bought a new one thinking it was just a `` bad apple '' . No such luck ! We returned the second one and bought the less fancy Fisher-Price Sound 'N Lights monitor . It has NO interference , buzzing or clicking and it comes with two monitors-very helpful regardless of the size of your home ! It 's great not having to constantly unplug and move a receiver when you 're moving from room to room cleaning or whatever . GET THE SOUND AND LIGHTS MONITOR INSTEAD !!!!!
 After lots of research on monitors my husband and I chose this one for the extra gadgets like the light show , two way intercom etc. . However , we too experienced after a few times using , an annoying pulsing noise that according to fisher price is always going to be there and is on all thier two way receptor monitors.Secondly the light show and music will go on automatically when my son exerts a high pitched noise AKA he screams . The problem is the lights stop after a few seconds which causes my son to scream louder until it comes back on . Now he has figured this out if he screams he quickly looks up to the ceiling to ensure he was successful , if no lights show he screams again . This as you can imagine is annoying and does not allow him to sooth himself back to sleep ! Fisher Price said this was an `` added unintentional bonus '' , not in my book !! I suggest a different monitor , unless you can get used to annoying pulsing and a possessed monitor which comes on and turns off by itself !
 Ca n't decide what was worse , the clicking noise or the fact that it turned itself on , or that I could not hear a THING on it !! I so wish iI had read these reviews before registering for this monitor . I returned this for the Sound and Lights monitor which is a much better product , ironically from the same manufacturer .
 If all monitors are made like this one I will have to sleep in my baby 's room . There was so much static/interference in just the very next room I could n't stand it . This item is going back and I will try another brand . If I could 've rated it lower than one star I would have . DONT BUY THIS ITEM ... YOU WILL BE SORRY .
 After reading other reviews , I realize that I 'm not the only one with terrible reception . There is a constant clicking sound in the monitor . My complaint is the so-called `` soothing '' . When you have the monitor set to `` soothe '' the light show or music or both comes on when the baby cries . The problem is , everytime it hears a loud noise it starts over again . In other words when a baby is crying , `` Waa waa waa '' The monitor stops and starts over and over again . This makes a frustrated baby even more frustrated and does not soothe them in any way ! I like the light show but I think I will exchange for a good monitor and something else with a light show .
 I , assumed the negative reviews must have had something to do with the users problem . I believed fisher price would n't make/sell a poor quality item . I believed they would n't keep the item on the shelf if it was so bad . So , BELIEVE IT ! It has an annoying clicking sound ... you ca n't hear anything above the sound or above the music it plays since the output of music is right next to the microphone -LRB- your child 's voice wo n't be as close -RRB- . It was a great idea but needs a lot of work before this product should be available to consumers .
 My dad bought this for our newborn son . I was so excited about all its neat features esp . the light show which my son enjoyed from day 1 . However , as its main purpose as a monitor - it stinks ! We could hardly hear my son who was in the other room due to this clicking noise . It did n't disappear even if we changed its location or outlet . As I read the other reviews , everyone complained about the same clicking noise . I was so disappointed since my son loved it . We had to return it and I purchased the 900 mHz vibrating monitor which was awesome . For a Fisher Price product , I was so disappointed since I always bought this brand due to the top-notch quality of their stuff . And I was a Fisher Price baby also .
 This monitor has a great projector and great advertised features . But do n't let that fool you . The projector comes on by itself at any given time without the handset being on -LRB- so it must have a short in it . -RRB- The unit is very noisy , it has alot of static and makes an annoying clicking sound . It does not give a clear reception . My baby was crying the other night and I could not hear her through the clicking and the static . It keeps waking me through the night because of all the noise it makes . I do not reccommend this product and I am now looking for another monitor .
 I have been trying so many monitors , this one is really bad . Ihad the clicking noises , and i hated it . I took it back right away and never used it . I wanted to get a new one thinking that one was broke . I went into -LSB- local store -RSB- with my screwdriver and battery , pluged it in and the same noises again . I called the company they said it was normal , no way , not normal to me ...
 This monitor is worthless !!! ... it is total junk . constant static . It looks like it would be great , but stay away ... far away . We took ours back and got a a 1st years -LRB- or something like that -RRB- dual reciever model for half price . . it works great . Save your money , babies cost to much to throw away money on junk like this !!!
 We took the monitor back twice . Then we finally called the fisher price hotline . The hotline told us that this monitor would have the static in the background because of all the fancy stuff it does . Seems strange they know it causes an interferance in hearing baby ... but hey , you get the fancy sounds and light show , etc. . . safety wise , this monitor should be put in the toy aisle and not with all the safety baby stuff . I plan on buying a different one , probably a fisher price with it concentrating on baby and not all the other fun stuff . I can entertain baby without all that !
 When baby cries the monitor 's lights and sounds go on and off and on and off ... -LRB- It 's supposed to go and and stay on to soothe baby -RRB- There 's too much static and when you have the parent unit on battery power it makes a LOUD clicking noise.Baby does like to look at the projection on the ceiling but we had to get another monitor -LRB- 900 mHz - love it ! -RRB- to monitor.Don ' t waste your $ on this one .
 I took this monitor back because the static was so loud I could not sleep and I could hardly hear the baby . The static did not improve when I tried to move the montior and receive around the house . This is a product you do not want to buy !!!
 I could not use this monitor because it had a lot of static , and it kept making a knocking noise , so I could not hear my baby at all ! Sometimes the soothing sounds would come on by itself , actually waking the baby . I bought a different monitor -LRB- the vibrating model -RRB- also by Fisher Price and it works great !
 The features that prompted me to register for this item seemed so baby and parent friendly . I was hoping I would be one of the lucky few that had this monitor work as promised . However , the rhythmic static I experienced was unbearable . I exchanged it for the Fisher Price Sounds N Lights with 2 receivers and I am very happy I made the switch .
 This monitor has alot of nice features but one feature it is missing is clarity.We have a quiet baby and a monitor thats noisy.There is a constant hissing and whirring when you turn it on , unlike the new 900mhz one we bought and can hear a pin drop in the babies room .
 Like many folks , my wife and I bought this monitor for the cool light show . Well , that 's the only good thing about the monitor . The constant static and the clicking noises made it very difficult to filter out the baby 's noises . We took this back and bought the FP Sights and Sounds for -LSB- less -RSB- and got an extra receiver . The Sights and Sounds monitor is excellent , very sensitive , and no interference . It is also smaller .
 I was so disappointed in this monitor . It is so noisy !!! The only good thing about this monitor is the soothing button that allows you to play music to the baby . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this monitor for all the fancy features , but I ended up returning it the very next day . There was a constant clicking noise , that sounded just like a LOUD clock , which kept me up all night . I called the company and they said that this is a problem with all the monitors of this type . I ended up buying the Light and Sound monitor from the same company , and I 'm very happy with it .
 We received the Soothing Dreams as a shower gift about 8 months ago . When we started using it about 6 months ago we had the same problems , terrible reception , static and constant bulbs burning out . Last week we saw the same product under the name of Sweet Dreams -LRB- also from fisher price -RRB- with a New Arrival sign on it . I purchased the new unit on 12/27/03 and it burned out on 01/02/04 . I tried to call FP and was disconnected due to heavy call volume after waiting 10 minutes on hold . They need to seriously review this product and offer some sort of compensation for owners who no longer have the box .
 I registered for and received this monitor and unfortunately I already threw the box away so I can not return it . I too heard a clicking & amp ; buzzing noise that I could not get rid of . I do like the music & amp ; light show but the & amp ; quot ; nature sounds & amp ; quot ; it plays sounds more like static . The biggest reasons I wanted this was to display the light show for my baby boy and to hear my him while he was sleeping in his crib but it only picked him up when he was crying which everyone can hear without the monitor ! I was just going to keep it until I tried a unit that was simpler and $ 30 cheaper and the cheaper unit enabled me to hear even the faintest cooing noise he made . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS UNIT , you 'd be better off buying a sound and light show machine in addition to a cheaper monitor .
 I was given this item and found the monitor aspect extremely poor quality . It has terrible reception and the listening device clicks constantly . The ceiling projection is very sweet though , so we bought a Clear and Near monitor with infinitely better sound quality and a rechargeable receiver and I leave the Fisher Price monitor set up just as an image projector .
 This product should be recalled !!! Within two weeks of bringing our son home , the light bulb burned out . We quickly discovered that the bulb can not be easily replaced . There was a constant clicking sound from the first day and within six weeks , the reception worsened to the point of pure static . The interference with our cordless phone was obscene -- far worse than the new monitor I 've purchased since .
 My child is 6 months old and I have used this monitor for 4 months now . Yes it does make a clicking sound that my husband and I got used to . And the light show is great , it put my son back to sleep several times . The worst thing that could happen is for the monitor to wake your child up . For the past 3 weeks a loud static noise came through on the childs receiver . You do n't notice it on your monitor it sounds like they just hit the crib with there hand . My son kept waking up in the middle of the night and I could n't figure out why till one day I was in his room and I heard the static noise for myself and saw him jump and start to cry . It has gotten worse with each week . I hear it everytime I am in his room now .
 We bought this for our new twins and have regretted not buying a simple monitor . The two way feature works so poorly it 's useless . It has startling loud bursts of static -LRB- great for sleeping babies ! -RRB- . The background static on the reciever is annoying , and the receiver is bulky and hard to clip onto your belt for mobility . The one good feature was the light show -LRB- in quiet mode -RRB- , but it quit working before the twins were a year old . Also in one year we went through 3 light bulbs . It 's one of those items that you wonder if they ever product tested before marketing it .
 Terrible reception ! We live in a one bedroom apartment and the reception is horrible from a mere 15 feet . Very poor sound quality . Plus there is in fact a continuous clicking noise that never stops -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . This monitor was a complete waste of money and sadly we had to purchase another . We 've tried cheaper monitors at friend 's and family 's houses and they are all far superior . Also the light and sound features are not all that great ... you 'd be better off using a different monitor in conjunction with a sound machine . I recommend that you do NOT buy this product .
 I registered and received this monitor as a gift . It makes a horrible buzzing noise . It has poor reception . After 2 months I noticed the 2 way option is not functional . It is not steady on its 3 legs and easily falls off the table . My son did like the light show and that is the only reason it gets 1 star . I wish I took it back sooner and got something worth $ 50 .
 I had recived this as a gift and of course wanted to try it out before its to late to bring it back in case of any problems . The features were great and being able to talk through them in neat . But the reception is HORRIBLE . we kept hearing this constant clicking noise that would n't go away . We tried to move it and to switch the channels but that did n't help . I think the features are nice but i think thats what causes all the interference with the product . I am going to take this back and get something else . For $ 50.00 you would think that this would work better .
 the thing is neat but , it has this constant click -- click -- click ! if the click would stop i would be satisfied but it is so annoying ! sometimes the click is low but other times it is so loud ! i also have a friend who is having the exact same problem . it is not interfearence and there is nothing i can do to stop it ! i try to turn the volume down some but if it is too low i ca n't hear my baby ! i am seriously considering returning the product . too bad , my daughter loves the light show but as a monitor it is not very good !
 My baby loved the light show ... that is until the bulb burned out after the first 5 minutes I owned it -- makes it way more inconvenient and costly than I bargained for . My receiver also had that annoying clicking sound , but so did the Evenflo I tried . The clicking is bearable if you keep the volume down a bit , but that does somewhat defeat the purpose . I did notice that when she made any noise , her voice faded in and out . Did n't notice the light show turn on by itself , but I do n't think I had enough time before the bulb blew . I am really disappointed that I had to return it because I think my baby would have really enjoyed it , but without the monitor working well , all of the fun features become useless .
 -LRB- sigh -RRB- We TOO , have had trouble with this product . We have all the same problems ... the spontaneous light show , the static , the clicking sound . . my husband spent 45 minutes looking for the source of the clicks only to discover it was the projector unit causing the interference with our phones and computer monitor ! My son loves the light show . I 'm so grateful he 's too young to miss it when it 's gone . Luckily we read the reviews before we went back to Babies R Us to exchange for a third time . This time we 're just gettin ' the Geoffery bucks .
 We were very excited when we first brought home the Soothing Dreams Monitor for our 21/2 month old . It immediately became part of our bedtime routine as our son ABSOLUTELY LOVES watching the characters pass by . This monitor provides a tear-free transition to sleep.BUT ! The first week we had it , the bulb burned out - in the middle of our bedtime routine -LRB- not good -RRB- . Next day , I ran out and bought more bulbs . Three more burned out during our bedtime routine -LRB- really not good ! -RRB- . I called Fisher-Price . They had not heard of this problem . My choices were to return it to the store or send it to Fisher-Price and they would send me a new one -LRB- this would take about a month - too long for us to wait -RRB- . I exchanged the monitor at the store for another - so far -LRB- one week -RRB- it works.HOWEVER ! We are only using this item for the light show because our son likes it so much . The monitor does not work well - it was not loud enough and there was too much background static . You could barely hear the baby cry . We tested a number of monitors based on the reviews on this website and found the Evenflo Constant Care 3000 to be the best for us.So before your kid gets hooked on the light show , test this out thoroughly in your house and make sure it works . Otherwise you might end up with two monitors , too ...
 I purchased this monitor , mainly because of the neat features and because of the manufacture . The features of this product are wonderful but the main idea of a monitor is to be able to hear your baby when you are not in the same room . The receiver makes a horrible loud clicking sound making it nearly impossible to hear the baby . It also becomes very annoying when you are trying to sleep not only because the clicking noice keeps you awake but the fact that you are not sure if it is picking up noises your baby may be making . I returned the product immediately and purchased a cheaper Fisher Price Monitor called Sounds N ' Lights and it works fine . The Soothing Dreams Monitor would be great if Fisher Price could fix the bugs in it . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This monitor is really entertaining BUT it does not work well as a monitor because of the loud static . It sounds like you are trying to tune into a radio station on AM . If you want it for entertainment it is great , but if you want it for a monitor do n't waste your time buying it . The best monitor I have found after trying 3 different monitors is the 2.4 Ghz monitors . Ours works perfect !
 My husband and I were so very excited to have received this monitor as a gift at our baby shower . We were very impressed with all the features it had . Once we actually were able to use the monitor , we were disappointed in the constant clicking noise it made . As well as the volume knob did not alter the volume very well . We even took the original one back thinking that the volume knob was broken , but the 2nd one did all the excact same things as the first . We were dissapointed as we really liked this monitors features . We did finally return this monitor and excahnged it for the Fisher Price Vibrating Monitor with 900 Mhz technology . We have had this one for a month and are extremely thrilled how it has performed . Great monitor for $ 10 less .
 The idea of this monitor sounded great ; a light show , music , being able to talk back to the baby . However it has very bad reception . As does other monitors I have tried . Forget about trying to get your baby to sleep , I could n't sleep with the constant fuzz sound and clicking . You can barely hear anything unless something is talking right into it ... Spend your money on something more practical and more efficient like a set of intercoms ...
 The static that come from the base unit is awful , it is quiet for awhile , then makes a loud noise that scares my newborn to the point that she wakes up . The part that you keep with you clicks horribly , the first night we put our daughter in the nursery by herself , I had to wake up 5 times because the monitor was clicking so bad . I could not hear her at all , I ended up hearing her on my own down the hallway . Seriously reconsider another monitor . It is a shame that the `` basic '' parts do n't work since the light show is a great tough .
 We regesitered for this monitor because we thought that the `` soothing option '' was neat . What a waste of money . The monitor would turn on by itself , playing music and it 's light show , in turn waking our sleeping baby . When it was not turning itself on , the clicking/buzzing noises were keeping me awake at night . I strongly recommend a different monitor . I am so happy I kept my receipt and was able to return it .
 As someone said , this does have it 's problems . It falls over easily . Ours just turns on whenever it feels like it . My son says it 's `` haunted '' . The blast of static has happened over & over on it . It has woken the baby up several times . We 've even gotten phone call conversations on it and they were n't from our phone ! I could here voices coming out of my daughter 's nursery , it was scary ! The clicking noise is annoying on the receiver . The projector works but only if strapped to the baby 's head so the picture comes out clearly . Save your money , not worth the cash .
 I got this as a shower gift because I registered for it . I wish I had read the reviews before hand . I also wish I had saved the box so I could try to take it back . The soothing feature does n't even turn on when my baby cries , and the static and interference make it impossible to sleep . I also ca n't hear the baby until he is crying hysterically . Kind of defeats the purpose . I sure wish I could trade it in for something else . After all this was not the cheapest monitor around . I just feel bad because my friend wasted all of that money on it ...
 i have done everything to stop this horrible constant clicking noise on the hand set . . sometimes it gets so loud i turn the volume down ! it clicks constantly and you can hear the baby unless she is screaming loud to over power the clicking . i am dissappointed about this especially for the price of it . too bad , my daughter loves the light show . she is 21/2 months old but i cant take this clicking anymore !
 My daughter loved having the projections on the ceiling as a baby ; so I was thrilled to find the projection/monitor for my son . Unfortunately , I ended up returning this item because the projector did not work after a few days , I changed the light bulb -LRB- which took forever , with all the unscrewing the tiny screws they use -RRB- but again a few days later it went out . I gave it a second chance with an even exchange , but the second projector did the same thing . I ended up returning it again and went with a separate monitor and projector which ended up costing less .
 We love the projection and the cricket sound . There are SEVERAL problems with the rest of it.It turns on automatically if your baby cries at a certian volume . Which can be creepy if you do n't know that . So , at 3 AM , if your baby is just crying a little and might go back to sleep , the light show will wake them . Or you can remember to turn it off every night after they go to sleep . Either way , its just one more thing to do.The room moniter also picks up cell phone calls . We would hear people talking in our baby 's room . It never woke the baby , but we ended up turning it off.The light bulb in the projector goes out frequently and is difficult to change.Positioning the projector so it reflects on the ceiling can be tough . It rotates side to side . Not front to back . We had to balance it on a window sill to project it over the baby 's crib.The nightlight feature is useless . It barely illuminates the stars on the front.Save your money . Be sure you really need a moniter . We found we could hear our baby without one .
 Horrible - I ca n't believe Fisher Price actually markets this as a `` monitor . '' If all you are looking for is entertainment for your baby , then by all means , spend the money and buy this . If you are concerned about hearing your baby when he/she needs you , DO NOT BUY THIS . The noises and light show are nice , but if you ca n't hear the baby to know when to turn them on , what good is the monitor ?? Just as the other reviews state , the `` clicking '' noise the receiver emits when it is on is incredibly irritating and drowns out any noises your baby may be making . To avoid interference and static , the receiver 's volume has to be so low you ca n't hear what 's going on in the nursery ! We returned this and bought the Sony Baby Call monitor and it is PERFECT - NO static , NO background noise , NO interference . AND , it 's cheaper !
 This product is great for the light show , and the FX . But it is not very good as a monitor . The sound is static filled , and there is no way my husband or I could sleep with the receiver in our bedroom ! We kept it because our daughter loves to watch the light show , but had to buy a second monitor so that we could hear her . I would n't recommend for anything other than a nursery toy .
 I loved the description of this product and did not take the time to research it . Yes , my baby loves the light show -LRB- I personally have not had difficulty with positioning it -RRB- and I like both the night sounds and the songs . BUT the two way does n't work on ours , there is intermittent loud clacking no matter how we adjust it , and there is a constant hum no matter where we place the receiver . We have been really disappointed with this product . I wish I had kept the box so we could return it !
 We registered for this monitor and thought that the projector and music features would be nice.However , we ca n't get beyond the constant humming heard in the monitor , which sometimes makes it difficult to hear the baby.Definitely a waste of money .
 We got this as a gift and could not wait to use it . We were very happy with how well the remote worked for the night-light/music and light show . Our baby loves to fall asleep to music and we could be in the other room to turn it on for her . But , as a monitor we could never hear her over the loud click . We returned it for a new one and it happened again . We called Fisher Price they told us it 's ment to do that so you know the unit is on . Then one night our friends came over with their baby and monitor -LRB- another product -RRB- and we were shocked how clear it was . So we returned ours and got the 900 MHz Vibrating Monitor . This one is very good ! Now we play a cd for her each night and she is fine .
 I must say i was very disapointed in the quality of this monitor . We had a horrible time trying to actually hear my son over the buzzing and clicking . The ONLY good thing i can say is that the light show is great . My son loved it , so we purchased the lullaby dream show from tomy to replace that part of the monitor . I really did expect better quality from fisher price .
 This is a bad choice for a monitor . For the price that this monitor cost , I expected it to pick up my baby and rock him back to sleep ! However , it did n't work as a monitor and was impractical as a light show.ALl i heard was static on the monitor . I could n't even hear the baby above the static . So , we quit using it as a monitor.Light and sound show ... it 's eerie ... it goes off all by itself ... so we have to leave it unplugged or it wakes the baby . We use it once in a great while as a light show . And to do that , we have to balance it on the crib so the baby can see it.I would highly recommend another monitor ... especially one a little cheaper .
 I had a problem with bursts of static coming through the transmitter of this monitor in the nursery . I could understand there being static on the receiver , but not the transmitter that was in the nursery . I called Fisher Price who said that was normal and it had to be interference within my home or around it . I had already tried everything - positioning it differently , changing channels , disconnecting cordless phone , etc. . I gave it to a friend who had the same problem and returned it . I purchased another 900 mz monitor -LRB- First Years -RRB- that works perfectly in my house . I was very disappointed with the Soothing Dreams Monitor and Fisher Price 's response to my concern .
 We registered for and received this monitor at our baby shower . Thankfully , we followed the instructions and tested it out before our baby was born . We were thoroughly disapponted in the performance of this monitor . The sound clarity and reception were terrible - it only picked up loud noises , not faint ones -LRB- so the baby would have to be hysterical before we could hear it -RRB- and the receiver had a constant clicking noise that did n't go away no matter what we tried . We 've returned it and bought the Safety 1st Super Clear monitor , which we already tested and were completely satisfied with . Do n't be taken in by the extra features of the Soothing Dreams Monitor , stick with the basics and you 'll be better off !
 I am not happy with this monitor . It makes a loud clicking noise through the receiver and has made a loud static noise that even woke up my baby . I was told by the company that the clicking noise is a trait of this particular monitor . The only thing I do like is the light show . I definatly do not recommend this one .
 This was my second monitor in a 2 week time . My son loved the music and the light show , but mom and dad could not take the loud and unbearable static noise at all hours of the night . I first tried the safety first monitor and that was horrible with the amount of static it produced , tried this one with no luck , and finally ended up with the even flow monitor that works beautifully with no clicking or static to be heard
 I put this baby monitor on my registry without really looking at other monitors because I thought the light show would be interesting for the baby to look at . I really like Fischer Price products , however , I would not recommend this particular monitor to a new parent . We never took the opportunity to use the light show and there is a constant hum that drones from the monitor . There are also sudden bursts of loud static from the receiver portion that is kept in the baby 's room.I went to Toys R Us to purchase another monitor and ended up purchasing a Sony monitor that I am extremely happy with . There are 27 channel settings on it , it has excellent clarity and it is super quiet . I wish the Sony monitor was listed online so that I could write a review , I would give it 5 stars !
 It has a great light show , the sounds are terrific , but between the static , and the constant clicking noise , and the sudden burst of some horrable static , that all of a sudden comes from know where that wakes everyone in the house , I say bring it back , it 's just to bad they try to improve these monitors to make them better , and end up making them so bad that you do n't want to purchase them any more .
 I can not begin to explain how horrible this baby monitor is . It makes so much static that you can even go to sleep . Being a new parent sleep is very important and at times hard to come by . Who can sleep with roaring static going on all night long ? If the static was n't enough it also makes VERY LOUD clicking noises for no obvious reason . If somehow you do get to sleep with all of the static , the loud bursts of noise will wake you from your sleep . Sadly there is yet another problem with this monitor . Sometimes the light and music show will come on for no reason at all . If it does n't scare you to death thinking that there might be someone in the room turning it on or a ghost in your house , it will again wake you from sleep . But to top all of that off , these problems will also wake your baby!If you do buy this monitor , at least save the box so you can return it . We threw ours away before testing it out and are now paying for it . Sometimes you have to learn things the hard way . Fisher Price either needs to fix the problems with this monitor or do every parent a favor and take it off the market !
 The monitor has tons of static . The receiving end ticks in an annoying manner and it is not loud enough . The monitor needs to be right next to my ear in a silent room for me to hear it . The lights and sounds show goes on automatically when the noise level in the baby 's room is high enough whether you like it or not . Also , the receiving end sits on three legs and falls over easily . I have to reach for it gingerly to turn it off and on when I feed my son at 3 am . I hate it !
 We bought this monitor for our newborn because it seemed like a really neat product . However , the receiver has an ANNOYING clicking noise that absolutely drives me crazy !!!!! Forget about sleeping with it in your bedroom . The clicking is so loud you ca n't hear the baby ! Also , the two way button it did n't always work ! We took it back for a refund and bought a less expensive model with better clarity in sound .
 This monitor is horrible ! I registered for it because of all the cool little features -LRB- light show , night light , songs , talk back feature -RRB- . Yes , the light show and songs are good , but the monitor part is terrible ! The quality of sound is so staticy !! You can hardly hear your baby and you have to listen really good to determine if they are crying , grunting , etc. . I thought that maybe it was just my particular monitor , so I took it back and got another one just like it . Yes - this monitor sounded just like the old one ! IT was awful ! ... The night light feature too stinks - it is so dim , we too had to put a regular night light in the room . Do n't buy this monitor if it 's a clear , good quality sound you want . You wo n't get that with this monitor . It needs to come off the shelf !
 This monitor is the worst ever I think . There is so much noise coming from the receiver that my husband and I could n't sleep with it going . We slept on a couch outside of our baby 's room till we could get a new monitor . Do n't waste your time or money on this . The light show is pretty neat , but the noise cancels out anything good about the special features . I feel guilty we put it on our registry and someone bought it for us . I feel like giving them their money back !
 We registered for this monitor based on a recommendation from a new first time mom . I received it as a baby shower gift and it is going back to the store . We plugged it in and placed it next to the crib . I walked downstairs and turned on the receiver only to hear static and clicking . We tried the other frequency and only heard more static . The light show and music is cute , however I ca n't listen to that static . It is going back ASAP !
 My son LOVES the light show that this monitor puts on the ceiling , and the cricket sounds seem to relax him . My problem with this monitor is that there is a constant clicking noise in the receiver , and the main unit has VERY loud bursts of static . It is very diificult to hear my son over the noise that the unit makes . I was told that the clicking noise in the receiver was beacause of a low battery , but I have taken the battery out and just plugged it in and it still clicks . Another problem is that when the receiver is not plugged in the batteries die very quickly . Overall I would not recommend this monitor .
 Constant static clicking noise heard from remote end when on . Static feedback sound from the recever was heard , keeping the baby awake . From remote end baby could barely be heard when reciving end was right next to him . Light display on cieling was okay but almost too light to capture baby 's attention .
 It has great sounding features . Mine has the same annoying clicking sound along with a constant hum that is really unbearable . I am tossing mine and getting anything else . Im extremely dissapointed .
 Being a new Mom , I thought this monitor looked great ! I registered for it and received it as a gift . Unfortunately , the static and continual clicking has drove both my husband and myself crazy ! If you plan on using the receiver without the AC adapter , stock up on batteries ! It continues to go dead after only 8 hours of use on battery . The light show is cute , however the music is too loud and can not be adjusted . I 'm off to Target to buy a new monitor ... this one will be going on sale on Ebay !
 I was disappointed with this monitor on several levels . The first complaint is that on the reciever end , I heard a continual beat of static . It goes on and on . Then after about 20 minutes or so , feedback bursts across my daughters end , waking her from her peaceful slumber . I really enjoyed being able to talk to her from downstairs . That is why we bought this one . The images that project onto the ceiling did n't go on our ceiling . We have angled walls and the projecter just was n't as flexible as we needed . It should go not only back and forth , but side to side as well . Love the soothe mechinism . Hate the draw backs .
 I loved this monitor when we 1st got it . It was nice because of the music & the lights . Then I realized there was no volume control for the music . My son was born a year ago today and a month ago the handset stopped working properly ! Lately the static has gotten so bad its been almost impossible to use . Someone else said something about clicking constantly , which is VERY annoying . I am getting ready to throw mine away & buy a new one !
 I have used this monitor for 7 months and I 'm ready to throw it out the window at night . My baby sleeps through the night but I do n't because of this darn monitor . It makes a loud clicking noise which I just got use to and now everynight we have to change channels twice because it makes another loud noise . Once we change the channel it is fine but that only lasts for a hour and then we have to change it back . I am done with this montior I 'm going out to buy a different one .
 I thought that it is my duty to write in about this monitor . We bought it in spite of all the bad reviews that I read about on the website . I was intrigued by the light show that it projects on the ceiling . First of all , the feedback is terrible , and with all the clicking you ca n't even hear the baby ! One night , I was awaken at 3am with the sound of Beethoven in the next room ! I walked in to the nursery to find our baby wide awake with the music from the monitor blaring and a light show on her ceiling ! It look me over an hour to get her back to sleep . I strongly recommend that you do not buy this !
 We recieved this monitor as a shower gift and it is horrible ! We live in a townhouse and the static is so loud that you cant even hear the baby crying .
 I bought this for my 2nd baby because I thought the light show and soothing sounds would be great . But all you can hear is annoying clicks and can barely hear my baby even with the volume on high . I am returning it and getting another Lights & Sound monitor that I currently use . It 's less expensive and you can hear your baby breathing which is more important than a light show !
 We got this for all of the features that it had , but were very disappointed with it . The parent receiver had so much static , and a constant humming and clicking , that after about an hour we gave up . We brought the baby back into our bedroom in his bassinette and returned the monitor the next day . Do n't waste your money on this one ! The Fisher-Price vibrating monitor is $ 10 less and SO much better !
 The lights and sounds make my four month old cry harder and hide his face and the rounded shape of both peices leads to them falling down . There is also as stated in other reviews - a lot of noise and it is very hard to hear your baby .
 THIS IS THE MOST HORRIBLE MONITOR EVER . THE STATIC IS SO LOUD , I COULD N'T EVEN HEAR MY BABY CRYING . I TRIED PLAYING AROUND WITH IT , BUT IT 'S USELESS . THE OTHER FEATURES ARE GREAT , BUT IT FAILS WHEN IT COMES TO IT 'S MAIN FUNCTION .
 I liked the light show and music , but I ca n't stand the noise . The receiver in our room made a contant buzzing noise . I returned it for the same one , now this one makes the same buzzing noise , but in addition the monitor in the baby 's room has bursts of static that will wake her up . It just makes this loud noise like a walkie-talkie . I am returning it again to get the evenflo 2-way 3000 because of the reviews . I was torn between getting that one and the fisher price 900 mghertz vibrating one , since you ca n't replace the battery in the 900megahertz one , I 'm going to try the evenflo .
 I received this as a gift at my shower . I really thought it was going to be great with all of the added features . Boy was I sadly mistaken . The monitor had this terrible clicking noise , had static and the music goes on by itself . I was outside and my friend went in to use the bathroom and said your baby is crying - I was shocked that I could n't hear her crying . The monitor did n't pick it up . I tried to get some help from Fisher-Price and they said that 's just the monitor and it 's not covered by the warranty . I was even more disappointed in Fisher-Price that they would put out such a poor product and not compensate dissatisfied customers because they have so many other good products .
 This monitor is terrible . YOu can hardly hear the baby over the static . The facny lights and music works well , but is n't the point of a monitor to hear your baby ? I have brought it back numerous times and each monitor is the same way . STATIC !
 The Fisher Price Soothing Dreams Monitor is a waste of money because the reception is not clear , and there is a pulsing noise every three seconds or so . It also gets periodic loud bursts of static . I tested it out with my 4 year old daughter while I was downstairs and she was upstairs playing , and I could not hear what she was saying unless she was right near the monitor . She could hear me , however , which is one feature I liked . My main concern was being able to hear my baby , and this monitor gives off too much static .
 Just got this product at a yard sale . Everything works , inasmuch as it ever works for most people . The light show looks nice , I guess , and the music/nature sounds are tolerable . It 's cool that you can turn on the `` soother '' from the monitor unit.However , like many of the reviewers , I got a `` clicker '' -- periodic wierd clicking/stuttering noise , every second or so . If you put the reciever on the lowest possible volume , you do n't notice the clicking much , and can hear moderately loud sounds if you 're lucky.The problem is absolutely , 100 % for sure the transmitter . How do I know ? I have two other baby monitors -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . Both operate in a similar frequency band . Both recievers -LRB- one Evenflo and one newer FP -RRB- will click VERY loudly if the Soothing Dreams transmitter is turned on . This means that you can not use another baby monitor of any brand -LRB- that operates in a similar frequency -RRB- while the Soothing Dreams base station is powered up -- you can change channels , it does n't matter
 This monitor is doing a great service for the 9-volt battery industry . The receiver goes through one every couple of days . Not a big deal , really , considering it comes with an AC adapter for the receiver . Which brings up another great service this piece junk provides - When I plug it in , I have to hold it in the air , jump up and down and try several positions to get reception -LRB- and by reception , I mean static -RRB- . All that stretching and twisting makes me nice and limber for the million trips up and down the stairs to check on baby since the monitor does n't actually work . I have to say , it is helping me shed the extra pounds . Baby loved the light show and the music , but after a week or so , the projector started to cut out and only the music still plays . So , I guess what we are left with is a $ 40.00 box that plays tinny music.So basically , I would highly recommend this item to anyone who enjoys tinny music , exercising and spending a lot of money to support the battery industry.I would not recommend this item to anyone who actually needs a baby monitor .
 I could n't hear a thing with this monitor because of all of the static ! I returned it for the First Years monitor . MUCH better - and it comes with rechargable batteries ! Do n't be fooled by the lights and gizmos !!!
 This monitor is simply too noisy . I turned off all the RF in the home -LRB- wireless network , cordless phone , . . -RRB- and still the transmitter was sending clicks/pops about once a second . Seems like a design problem with the unit based on other similar feedback listed here . .
 I bought this monitor because of the light and music show . I have never used either one of the features . As a matter of fact I do n't use the monitor at all anymore . It became so annoying and unreliable , I have returned it for another one . I put a battery in the monitor the first night so I could take it in the living room , and bedroom without the hassle of plugging it in and out . The battery was DEAD in 1 night and it was clicking so loudly , I had to turn it off . In the middle of the night while , the baby , my husband and myself were in a sound sleep , the music and light show went off 2 times , startling all three of us awake . I have also found it has some serious static and interference . I DO NOT recommend anyone to purchase this . It is an ... monitor and it is not worth the money .
 Registered as a gift . I thought it would be great , with the music and light display . But the receiver ticks -LRB- worse when it is on the battery -RRB- and the main unit will occasionally get this loud burst of static in the baby 's room . I will keep it soley for the light display , but I have purshased the Safety 1st Crystal Clear monitor ... and it is 100 % better . Sometimes you ca n't trust because it costs more means it is better .
 my husband and I thought this moniter would be great with all its soothing features for our daughter ... so we registered for it . What we found is this moniter is terrible ! All you hear when the moniter is on is this horrible clicking noise . . and the volume has to be pretty much maxed to even hear this ! When you do hear your baby its hard to tell if it is a cry or just a cough ! The soothing dream features are great my daughter loves the projection , Its a great TOY ... but we wanted a MONITER ! Unfortunally , we can not return it for another since the box was thrown away by well meaning relatives who cleaned for me while I was in the hospital . So we are stuck with this one untill we have extra money for a new one . . untill then I depend on my hearing which has inproved 100 % since I cant depend on my moniter to help out !
 Like the other reviews , the bulb blew before my daughter was even born ! , the music will start playing by itself -LRB- I thought a ghost was turning it on -RRB- , and there is a clicking noise and some static from the receiver . I threw the box away before testing this monitor out , so now I 'm stuck with it . I would not recommend this monitor . It sounds like a great product because of all the neat features , it just does n't work .
 We got this monitor as a gift . It has a ticking noise that is annoying , sometimes you ca n't hear your baby crying and sometimes the music will start playing or it will suddenly come on with a loud static noise . Sometimes it wakes my boys up with the sudden loud static noise . The only thing I like is the lights on the ceiling and the music .
 I was very excited when I received this product at my baby shower ! Once I used it my feelings changed . We get so much static , humming and pulsing that it has to be turned down so that we can sleep . The monitor also starts playing music when the nursery is quiet , waking the baby . I tried to return it to Fisher Price but they would not take it because it technically is not defective . I do like the light show and am looking forward to using it when my daughter is a little older .
 This monitor looked like it was going to be really good . I really liked how it had the projector and the soothing music/noises , however , those features are not worth the horrible clicking noise you have to listen to while trying to monitor your child . I called Fisher-Price and told them what was happening and they told me that the reason this was happening was because it was a two-way monitor . In other words you can talk to your child through the receiver . They told me that they do make a different model of this monitor that does not have the talk feature that does not make this horrible clicking noise . Fisher-Price was very helpful and they will let you send this monitor back for a refund voucher for other Mattel/Fisher-Price items . I definately do not think this monitor is worth the $ 50 it costs . I will definately be sending this monitor back to Fisher-Price for a refund voucher and will be buying a different monitor !
 I bought this for my daughters nursery and my monitor has the same clicking sound that others are talking about . Until reading other reviews I thought I just had a bad one . I love the light show and keep it just for that , but never used it as an actual monitor . I never tried to take it back , waited to long , but it sounds like they are all like this .
 I BOUGHT THIS MONITOR BECAUSE I LOVED THE FEATURES BUT , THE RECIEVER MAKES A HORRIBLE CLICKING SOUND . I EXCHANGED IT 3 TIMES AND THEY ALL DID IT . I BOUGHT THE SWEET DREAMS MONITOR AND ITS BETTER BUT I REALLY WANTED TO BE ABLE TO TALK AND USE THE REMOTE THAT THE OTHER MONITOR CAME WITH .
 I registered for this monitor for my shower and was so excited to get it . My daughter -LRB- four months old -RRB- absolutely loves to watch the lights . I do n't use the music , I play a classical music cd instead . However , the monitor part of it is HORRIBLE !! Our bedroom is only three feet from my daughter 's and I can not hear through the monitor . There is a constant clicking sound and a high-pitched buzzing . When my daughter does make a noise , I ca n't even hear it through the monitor because of the loud clicking . We have n't used this since we received it -LRB- as a montior -RRB- , just as a light show . I would definitely recommend buying a different monitor and then buy one of those new & quot ; light show & quot ; toys that are available from many different companies .
 We went through 2 of these monitors before giving up . The first one 's `` soothing dreams '' mechanism broke , while also being static ridden . The 2nd one seemed worse on the static , so we took it back . Do n't buy this .
 Apparently if you have a cordless phone in your house -LRB- and I do n't know many that do n't -RRB- you ca n't use this product . I called Fisher Price regarding this issue and this is what they told me . She wanted me to unplug my phones , move it away from the windows and play with the volume and when all else failed she told me that it could be because of my neighbors cordless phones . SO I followed her instructions and moved it right into the garbage . Get a different monitor .
 While the walkie-talkie feature of this baby monitor is nice , I am very disappointed in this product due to a static issue . Nearly every 15 minutes , a burst of static -LRB- loud enough to wake a sleeping baby -RRB- emits from the base monitor unit -LRB- in the nursery -RRB- . I am going to attempt to return the product to Fisher Price .
 I registered for this monitor mainly due to the Fisher Price brand - thinking that the quality would be good and that the biggest difference between monitors was the features . Boy , was I WRONG ! I agree with other reviewers - the clicking noise is not only non-stop , it is quite loud and annoying . We also never did get the `` talk to your baby '' feature to work AT ALL . The light show was nice , but not worth all the other drawbacks and honestly , the `` soothing sounds '' -LRB- mainly cricket chirps -RRB- were pretty annoying and not soothing in any way.We returned ours to BRU yesterday and came home with the Sony Baby Call Monitor -LRB- also available from sony.com -RRB- - what it lacks in `` features '' , it more than makes up for in clarity and range ! Although , our baby has n't arrived yet , we tested it with whispers and it 's FANTASTIC ! A much better quality product -LRB- for the same price -RRB- !!
 We received this monitor as a gift , and discovered it had MANY problems . At first we thought that the projection and the cricket sound would be wonderful , but we never really used them and in the end we discovered that these 2 features were really the only thing that worked!There is a lot of interference from telephones and the static is unbelievable.The monitor would often make a clicking noise that would wake up our baby . Also , the receiver would make a continuous buzzing noise , and the only way to minimize this `` buzz '' was to use it on battery power -LRB- which became very expensive because it takes a 9 volt battery every 3 days or so -RRB- . So we had to replace it , and purchased the Sony Sound-Sensor Nursery Monitor NTM-910 , which is absolutely FANTASTIC . It 's crystel clear , there is very minimum static -LRB- if none at all -RRB- . It has no frills , but it does what a monitor was meant to do . Also , it has a reachargeable battery , which is KEY . We would strongly recommend to buy the sony . Found it at the babiesrus store . We would not trade this monitor for anything else , no matter what added features it has .
 I received this as a gift at my shower and love the idea of it . However , we live in an apartment complex and the static is so bad on both channels that it is unusable as a monitor . Additionally , it has a ghostly tendency to turn itself on . While someone 's garage door opener is the likely culprit , it is very unnerving to hear nighttime cricket sounds start coming out if it -- especially when you are on the opposite side of the room . Still , my son likes the light show , so we are probably going to hold on to it and play with its other aspects .
 OK , I thought this would be great to have because I could talk to my son if I needed to ... well when I plugged it up in my room and turned it on , all I heard was click , click , click ALL NIGHT LONG !! I thought something was wrong so I call Fisher Price ... that 's what it does the lady said because it has two way communication . `` that 's how you know it 's working '' ... I do n't know about you , but I ca n't sleep with click , click , click in my hear all night long !!! It also occasionally pops really loud ... loud enough to wake up my son ! Bad choice ... taking it back and getting a different one ASAP .
 I received this monitor as a shower gift that I registered for . Well , I love the idea of the light show and nature sounds , but the monitor just did n't work in our home . I am not sure if it is our plaster walls or just the monitor but I heard nothing but static since I turned it on , even right outside the baby 's room . So now I have to return it , hopefully I 'll find something that works .
 We received this monitor as a gift before our little Miles was born , and were very impressed with the remote control and the intercom and the light show , but when we started to use it we found it to be TERRIBLE . It would turn on in the middle of the night for no reason , scaring us all to death , and we would have to unplug it before it would stop ! Even though we had a small house , it was impossible to hear anything from the receiver because of a bizarre knocking sound . And worse , one afternoon I was sitting in the living room talking to my husband with the receiver in my pocket and heard a strange noise coming from the baby 's room . I turned the monitor up higher , but could hear nothing above the knocking . I went into Miles ' room to check on him just in case , and the poor little guy had been crying for some time . That monitor went back to the store THAT AFTERNOON . Thank goodness for Toys R Us ' great return policy . We got a cheap monitor and it is crystal clear . I made the mistake of registering for the most expensive monitor they had , thinking it was the best .
 I was excited when I first bought this monitor because of all the features it has . Well , first of all in order for the baby to even see the light show the monitor has to be very close to the crib and it has no crib attachments . I ended up having to put it on a shelf and angle the monitor just right and brace it up just so that the picture would show above the crib . Also , it has a nightlight . You might as well have a separate nightlight because it 's not enough light for ANYTHING . I can hear my baby well in the monitor ... that is when the monitor does n't start clacking . It has a loud clacking noise that starts for no reason and it does n't stop on either channel . Even when it 's not clacking it has a constant loud hum . I will be taking this monitor back soon . Please do n't waste your money !
 I registered for this monitor because of the light show and music and received it at one of my showers . At first we were really impressed with it . Our daughter would instantly stop crying when we would press the `` soothe '' button and the lights and music would begin . Unfortunately that is where the positives stopped . Like someone else mentioned there was a horrible clicking sound that was constant as long as the monitor was on . Then one night at about 2 o'clock in the morning I was woken up by hearing the music playing . I made a mad dash across the house to turn it off before it woke my daughter up - I did n't make it in time . I thought maybe it was a fluke and tried it again the next night -- this time I could n't hear her cries and once again it went off at about 2 in the morning . It was immediately unplugged and the next day I took it back . Still believing that this was a good monitor , I exchanged that one for the exact same thing . Once again that first night , in the middle of the night , it went off with lights and music . Of course I took it back again . The lady at Babies R Us told me that there had been a lot of complaints about this monitor doing this . I exchanged it for the Vibrating Monitor and have been VERY happy with the clarity and the peace of mind in knowing that my daughter will not be woken up by her monitor . I highly recommend the Vibrating Monitor .
 After reading several other reviews ... there is a common theme ... we love the extras to the monitor -LRB- light show , music , etc. . -RRB- but the constant knocking noise is ANNOYING !!! Am returning to toysrus and going to try one rated better .
 The light show was great - my baby really enjoyed it . However , the monitor feature was terrible . There was a constant whirring/clicking sound that would sometimes get very loud . It was impossible to sleep with this monitor on . Also , the light show tended to go on for no reason at different times . Sometimes , this would actually wake the baby . I called Fisher price and they said that their testing also showed the monitor problems I discussed -LRB- but not the light show going on by itself -RRB- ...
 I 'm a broker of electronic computer parts and accessories . I test and review items before the company I work for sells them . This item is being returned due to it 's poor quality and will not be resold by the company I work for . It constantly has a pulsing noise to it and you can not hear your child over the noise . Perhaps they will work out the bugs in the near future and this will be an ideal item to have/sell but for now either avoid this item or physically test it in a store before purchasing it to be 100 % sure that it works .
 We bought this monitor before we read the reviews , because of the neat features . The hand reciever makes a horrible ticking noise when plugged in and you can not hear a voice speaking loudly into the mcirophone on the base . Even with batteries in the reciever it makes a buzzing noise and you still can not hear a thing coming through the mic . We were very disappointed , and are returning it to the store .
 We thought this was a great idea until we tried it . The whole idea of being able to talk to baby , and the light show were a great thought ... However , trying to sleep with this monitor is impossible , there is so much static & other annoying noises from interference on BOTH channels , that we ca n't sleep and also can not hear our baby unless he is screaming at the top of his lungs ... This is both annoying to have this noise going constantly and also dangerous . If we ca n't hear him choking , etc through all this other noise , it defeats it 's purpose ... I rate this really 1/2 star but the choices only go to 1 star ...
 I received this monitor as a shower gift and it is a great idea -LRB- i.e. ability to start a light and music show remotely -RRB- - however we have found several things wrong with it to the point I am considering looking for a new model . 1 . The monitor does not stand up well - we have knocked it over several times in the middle of the night . 2 . The volume dial on the monitor is difficult to turn and has contributed to the monitor falling over whenewver we try to adjust it . 3 . It makes a clicking noise when it is on . 4 . Every once in awhile there is this loud blast of static coming from the nursery monitor that has woken up the baby on more than one occasion . I would recommend that people look at some other monitors before deciding on this one .
 This monitor is very poorly designed . For starters , I could really use a second receiver and there are several models out there that offer this option . Secondly , when you pick up the receiver to move it from room to room it is very difficult to avoid the `` soothe '' button and the `` talk '' button . Unfortunately , the sudden soothing music is enough to wake them from a sound slumber . Finally , the cute stand for the receiver does not do it 's job and in order to get the receiver to stand upright you have to place it down very carefully . Most importantly the static is very loud . I have grown accustomed to falling asleep to the pulsating sound of the static of the monitor but when I have it in the living room I need to turn up the volume on the television to drown it out . I almost have a hard time hearing my baby over the sound of the static . There are plenty of choices of monitors out there and I would highly recommend choosing another .
 While I think that Fisher-Price had a great idea while putting this monitor together . Something is not quite right about a monitor that receives a horribly annoying clicking \ static sound on the receiver , no matter where it is used.We had a cheaper model of an unnamed Monitor that went bad on us . We decided to get this unit to sooth our baby with the video , sounds and my wife 's voice . Unfortunately the interference was so loud we could barely here anything out of the monitor when we tested it . My wife talking into the monitor produced a extremely muffled choppy sound on the other end . We tested this monitor from all different locations , including our house , my mother in-laws house and the store , with two different units , when we tried to swap the unit for a new one . You would think that Fisher-Price would know this is happening and fix it before putting this product on any shelf .
 Sorry guys but I have to say this is the biggest piece of junk I have bought . From the time we plugged it in , it was all static . I went and bought the TV monitor which I love and works great instead . I decided to use the soothing dreams monitor as a light projector for my son . Oh well , it probably took about a week to stop working . I took it back and exchanged since I had no receipt and so far it 's sitting in a corner collecting dust . Do n't waste your money on this monitor it 's not even worth the money
 I had originally purchased a Graco ultraclear monitor and received this one as a gift . I thankfully used the Graco one and loved it . I had this one plugged in upstairs in the baby 's room before we put her there . Out of the blue it started to play by itself which freaked me out . I tried to use it at my in-laws when she stayed there . You could n't hear anything but static . It was horrible . I would not recommend this product to anyone . It 's cute but does n't do the job .
 The lightshow on the ceiling is captivating and my son enjoyed it ... but as a monitor we found this very disappointing . The child 's unit produced large squals of static often that were startling enough to wake my son at times . The parent 's unit had a great deal of static and it did not register my son 's cries as it should . I was outside once and heard him crying from his room before it ever registered on the monitor . I also found the parent 's unit to be bulky to hold and I was always afraid I would push the `` talk '' button when picking it up . I must say that Fisher Price 's Customer Service dept is excellent . I was allowed to return the monitor for a full refund -LRB- no receipt or original packaging -RRB- . I am currently extremely happy with Clear and Crisp -LRB- something like that -RRB- by The First Years .
 We never use this monitor . It makes so much static and we have tried changing the batteries , and moving it to a different location , but nothing works . The remote even starts to make a buzzing sound after a while . The light show is cute on the ceiling , and have used that a couple of times , but now we will have to buy a new monitor , to listen for our baby . Cute idea , but What a waste of money . : -LRB-
 I thought this would be a wonderful monitor with all of the great features . I was wrong ! The soother -LRB- projector -RRB- feature of the monitor turned itself on all the time and it was also extremely easy to bump the button on the parents handset and turn it on accidentally . My other complaint is how noisy it was . Constantly , the monitor would make a horrible scratching sound in the middle of the night and scare both me and my baby . The handset also made a clicking noise on several occasions . My last complaint about the handset is that it is too bulky to clip on to your pocket and carry around . I have talked with two other parents who used this monitor and all of us have returned it for another brand . I do not suggest this monitor .
 I was lured to this product by all of the cool features ! Do not let this happen to you . I had it plugged in for a week when the light show stopped working . The music and sounds randomly turn on and startle my baby . It also randomly makes an extremly loud static sound that will scare you to death !! I wish I would have saved my box and receipt but I trusted the Fisher-Price name ! Now I am furios because I have wasted -LSB- money -RSB- on monitors that now sit in the top of my closet ! I am VERY upset that Fisher-Price continues to sell this JUNK !! -LRB- they also make a clicking sound that will drive you insane ! -RRB-
 If you remove the idea of using this for a baby monitor then it 's great . My new baby loves the sound and light show . The monitoring function , though , leaves a lot to be desired . Too much static to be of any use . In it 's defense , it has been my experience that pretty much all baby monitors that use normal walkie-talkie frequencies do not work . Think about it , as a kid we all used walkie-talkies and they did n't work beyond about 15 feet . But they were cheap and we were kids and did n't know better . These baby monitors are no different . If you need a monitor either look into higher prices ones that run at higher frequencies -LRB- 900MHz or 2.4 GHZ -RRB- that may actually work or buy one at a garage sale . Do n't ever buy a baby monitor new ... unless it 's just for the sound and light show .
 I think the idea was great . But , there is A LOT of noise on the parent end of the monitor and I did n't think it picked up the sounds of the baby very well . The lights do turn on when baby cries and the walkie talkie is great too . I would just buy a decorative lamp for the baby and save my money . The 2 star rating is for the light display only , not the monitoring itself .
 This monitor looks good at first glance , but it 's not practical . The good feature is the light show it projects onto the ceiling . The bad ones are : * loud static background noise * loud knocking noises -LRB- usually when you 're trying to sleep -RRB- * the talking feature because it just freaks the baby out when they can hear your voice and not see you -LRB- plus it sounds warped , so it wo n't sound familiar to baby -RRB- * the `` soothing '' light show & music feature turns itself on without warning causing a sleeping baby to awakeGet the Sony , `` Baby Call '' monitor . It 's voice activated so wo n't make a sound unless it 's the baby
 Ok , this has to be the worst monitor because of how much static and noise it causes !! I called fisher price and the lady who answered the call said if I have a cordless phone or computer in the house it wont work and you will hear the static , who doesnt have at least one cordless phone in there home now a days . I unpluged everything and I still heard the static . All that is good is the music and the light and the light show to say the least !! Never throw away boxes , big mistake I made because this would be returned !
 I regestered for this before relizing this site did ratings on products . When I received it at my shower I was delighted . That was till I set it up threw the box away and tried to use it . Horrible !! The static was so loud it kept my husband and I awake . I ended up having to shut it off , which meant I still did n't sleep . -LRB- Neverous new mom -RRB- My son does enjoy the light show . That 's the only good use I get from it . I was really shocked that this monitor was so badly made . Fisherprice usually makes wonderful products . I ended up getting Fisherprice 's Sound and Lights monitor . This one 's extremely better made and less expensive . No light show , but now mommy can sleep .
 We received this monitor as a gift . The lights and music were fun , but the monitor did not work at all . There was a loud buzzing and clicking noise in the background and we could n't even hear the baby crying . We took the monitor back and exchanged it , thinking that maybe it was just that one . Sorry to say it was that type of monitor .
 This monitor is absolutely terrible ! Static bursts that wake up baby !
 I thought this was going to be a great product because of all the neat features and because it 's made by fisher price , but I really wish I would have read the reviews first ! The LIGHT SHOW was the best feature , WHEN IT WORKED ! It was great at first , my newborn loved it and it really helped me out at night to keep her amused and not cry , and it helped me to have a little light in the room when I needed it . But the light went out after only about a month and a half , and when I replaced the bulb it still did not work . So I returned it to -LSB- the store -RSB- , -LRB- 2 mos . later without the box and the receipt , because it had been so long -RRB- , they exchanged me for a new one , I brought it home , used it , the baby was overjoyed and we finally got some better sleep at night , and then after a week the light show went out , AGAIN ! I 've replaced the bulb , and the same problem ... it still wo n't work ! I have not dropped , or in any way misused the product , so I ca n't understand the problem . This monitor serves it 's purpose only as a monitor , is good for soothing music for baby , would have been an excellent 5 star product if not for the constant hassle with the Light Show . I only hope that the store will exchange it , AGAIN ! My advice ... SAVE THE BOX & the RECEIPT !!!
 I wanted this monitor because of all the features and I received it as a shower gift . This monitor has so much static that you can not hear anything . We can be downstairs and the monitor does nothing but buzz and no lights flash and we can hear our son screaming upstairs in his crib . It also makes a constant buzzing and clicking noise that will drive you insane ! And the monitor that is in the baby 's room will make loud bursts of static that will wake him/her right up . The light show barely works and the music does not stay on long enough to soothe your baby . It also will scare you to death when the music starts playing for no reason . Please -- do not waste your money and return it ASAP .
 We received this monitor as a shower gift and I could n't wait to hook it up . the minute the lights and music went on our daughter was mesmerized . She loved it . I positioned it on the dresser -LRB- propped into a position where the projector could actually project over the crib -RRB- and went to bed . When we turned the monitor on we hear this clicking noise . I tried changing channels and that did n't work . so , we unplugged it and set up the one that we picked up at a garage sale for $ 5 . there has to be better monitors out there that are clear and have a good range on them .
 This bathtub sounded like a great idea , and when we brought her home for the first time and gave her her first bath it * was * great . The second time , she had enough muscular control to arch her back out of the water - She absolutely HATED being on the pad in this tub ! We used it very sparingly for about 4 months , being too broke to buy another one until she could sit up on her own reliably . Now she takes a bath in the kitchen sink or a big plastic tub . I 'm sure other babies would like it , but ours did n't ... Anyone want to buy a barely-used ergonomic baby bath ?
 I immediately fell in love with the design of this cribset and eagerly awaited its arrival like a child . I was greatly disappointed when I opened the box however . While the design and patterns were very cute , the quality of the materials seemed cheap . There was some embroidery on the quilt and the main bear on the quilt was done well , but the rest of the materials for the set were made with cheap cotton . I was concerned about the wear of the products after washing . Additionally , the bumper was not stuffed firmly , and I was afraid the baby would smoosh her face against it and suffocate . This set was priced less than other sets I had looked at ; I guess you do get what you pay for .
 My sister had a pod seat for my niece , and she seemed to love it , so when I saw this one online , I thought my little girl would love it . While the tray that is included with place mats and a toy is a nice touch , I was not that pleased with the actual seat . The foam is coated in a very slick , slippery coating that makes sitting up difficult for my daughter , and the dip in the back of the seat is very shallow . I was hoping this one would have a deeper dip in the seat and a more powdery coating on the foam to facilitate sitting upright , like the one my sister purchased . Instead my daughter slips and slides everytime I use it .
 i had to return this product as soon as i received it . it 's a great idea , to have your little one learn how to sit in his own little chair , but the reality is , it does n't offer great support . it states that it 's for children as old as 3 months -LRB- i 'm not sure if this one stated that it 's from birth -RRB- , as long as they 're able to support their heads , as it will teach your baby to sit . the back of this chair is way too low , so even if your 3 month old could hold up his little head , it does n't offer back support , not to mention , the seating is n't very spacious , and then when you add the tray to it , there is less room for your little one , especially if he has a little belly on him . this is definitely not for slightly bigger babies , had i to choose again , i would go with the bumbo .
 I bought this product looking for an alternative to a high chair -LRB- for many reasons -RRB- . It is not a good product . It looks very nice , `` cool '' design , BUT the baby can not stay upright -LRB- and my baby can sit unassisted -RRB- . Her back is very curved , and she is looking at the floor all the time . She is also touching the floor all the time -LRB- what a mess ! -RRB- . It is difficult to feed her . Also , my baby felt very trapped and did not enjoy sitting in the bebepod . The only nice thing about this product is the toy that comes with it . A last thing
 My daughter like this chair but when i put the tray on she keeps poping it off with her legs she is only four months old and we wo n't be able to use the tray for much longer as its getting to tight.So i 'm terrified that she is going to fall out of it .
 I had read only one review that spoke of this chemical smell.It was just one negative review against the many other positive reviews , so I ordered it . Huge mistake . The smell is so strong -LRB- this is nothing like a plastic doll smell -RRB- that even I began to get a headache being in the same room . And yes I washed it well and that helped for about 5 minutes but to my dismay , the stench has returned . Since it is made of thick molded soft plastic , I doubt if airing it out will help . I can only guess the other reviewer and I are the only unlucky customers because I find it incomprehensible a parent would allow their baby to sit in the middle of a foul smelling chemical product and expect it not to affect their child . So what if China says the bebepod is ` non toxic ' . I 'm sure they said that about the pet food they imported over here that killed many of our pets , too . Discovering its from China and being aware of just how strong the chemical odor is , makes me extremely wary about placing my baby in this seat . There is also the issue of the new warning against a little known chemical used to soften plastic call PHILATE . Its now known that it causes detrimental effects on mammals . It was in the news about a month ago . The media warned parents to be aware when allowing their child to play or put soft plastics into their mouths . I can barely find any info about Philates on the web but like I said , its a new warning . None the less , there is some info to be found . I 'm not saying this Pod has philates in it but like the food my baby ingests , I would like to know the chemical ingredients of the soft plastics products that are so prevalent in every baby 's life especially if they smell as strong as this BebePod . Its easy to overlook & take for granted a soft plastic teether but this is a large chunk of soft plastic that wreaks of chemicals . This has been a wake up call for us . Its a shame because this little chair pod is really cute but another drawback is our boy is 41/2 months & weighs atleast 20 lbs and it looks like he will be growing out of it in another month .
 I just received the Orange bebePod and it had an overwhelming chemical smell to it.I tried wiping it down with water -LRB- which did not work -RRB- ; then left it outside for 2 days to air out -LRB- which did not work -RRB- . After all that , I decided to give the bebePod a quick test-drive before returning it to Amazon . My baby was extremely content in the bebePod , but when I removed him from it his entire outfit had the chemical smell on it . AWFUL !!
 My child hated this seat , but he did like the toy as long as he was not in the seat . He never liked his car seat or high chair either . My husband always remarks that we paid $ 60 for a toy . If you have a child that does not like to be confined , do n't buy this . Our little boy has always wanted to stand and he was constantly trying to push out of this chair . Buy the toy separately and save yourself $ 50 . I have found the chair useful for feeding when I am at someone else 's home . He will stay in it as long as I put food in his mouth .
 The bebe pod plus has n't proven to be the product that I anticipated . Each time I have tried to put my baby in the bebe pod , she leans to one side and cries . It may be that she simply does n't like the bebe pod , but I have n't had much success with this product . She does like the toy attachment , but I think I could have found a much cheaper teething toy . I plan to continue trying to use the bebe pod as she gets older , she is currently 5 months old .
 BE AWARE THAT NOT ALL COLORS ARE THE `` DELUXE '' SLIPCOVER . Product title states `` My Brest Friend Deluxe Slipcover . '' Blue/white and -LRB- maybe -RRB- Green Starburst are NOT deluxe , but `` original '' slipcovers . They will both fit the deluxe PILLOW , but they are NOT `` deluxe '' SLIPCOVERS.Here 's the difference between the deluxe and the original SLIPCOVERS -LRB- not pillows . -RRB- The Deluxe cover that originally came with my DELUXE pillow uses a plusher -LRB- `` fluffy '' -RRB- material and uses a velcro attachment to adjust the fit of the pillow . Looser fit on my deluxe pillow.The `` original '' blue/white cover that I received is a plain cotton material , not plushy at all . It does not have velcro . You can adjust the fit by lengthening/shortening the strap on the buckle -LRB- think of how you adjust the straps on a backpack . -RRB- It fits snugger on my pillow.You can see these differences if you examine the product pictures closely . As far as I can tell from the my brest friend website , my brest friend deluxe pillows have two bumps on it , and come with said deluxe covers , and originals are completely flat , with the non-plushy original covers . This explains the difference in fit . The deluxe are probably looser to accommodate the bumps on the deluxe pillow.Product title leads one to believe all these colors are the same product . They are not . I thought I was getting the deluxe cover . Amazon should make this difference clear.The only way one can tell is by looking closely at the product picture as one clicks on the different colors available . Also , when it is added to the cart , the product name -LRB- in the cart -RRB- changes to `` My Brest Friend Slipcover '' -LRB- note the absence of the word `` DELUXE . '' -RRB- I am disappointed because the blue/white is grouped with the deluxe slipcovers and cost $ 17 , and I purchased it thinking it was the deluxe cover but it was not . But if you search for `` my brest friend slipcovers '' -LRB- no deluxe -RRB- you find some other designs under a separate product listing , for $ 14.50 , as of this writing . Boo amazon ! I would have returned it but did n't want to go through the rigmarole .
 The slipcovers for the brest freind pillow are made poorly . 1 . The zippers are cheap plactic that easily come apart and 2 . The zipper seam after 1st washing wont lay flat and becomes bumpy and wavy on the pillow.I received my extra ones and put them in the wash on delicate cycle . I hung them to dry but somehow the zipper pieces split apart from each other and the slider . The zipper and slider are all made of cheap plastic so you ca n't just fit it back on and the zipper does n't have a stop at the end to re-attach the slider . I had to slit open the fabric to find the end of the zipper which had just been cut off with no stop attached . I re-attached the slider , and then stitched back the fabric so the slide would n't fall off or apart again . If it does , the process will need to be repeated to fix . This pillow is so highly recommended for breast feeding it 's very disappointing that for the high price tag , they make the covers with such cheap materials to fall apart so quickly . My baby is n't born yet so I hope there are n't additional problems with regular use . I hope it 's something the company will look into correcting .
 Bright , fun cover pattern , but not well made . After only one wash , I was re-covering the foam insert and the zipper broke . I am very disappointed in the quality . The zipper on the deluxe cover , which I purchased at the same time , is better quality and has held up better so far .
 Poor quality . Pattern and colors faded after one wash ! I washed on delicate cycle and hung it to dry . It frayed also .
 Poorly sewn and cheap material but since I love the pillow itself I guess I am stuck using their covers . Being a new mom who has Time to make your own cover -LRB- as I type this one handed ! -RRB-
 Very poor quality . The bottom collapsed and the bassinet fell to the floor . I 'm so glad my daughter was n't in it at the time . She could have been seriously hurt . My daughter hated this bassinet . It might as well have been a carboard box with a thin piece of foam . The mattress was terrible . She would fall asleep on my bed no problem , so it was n't a sleeping issue . I had to buy a new mattress to get my daughter to sleep in it . I managed to salvage the bottom half to use as the toy box , but I just keep it in the corner of the room to hold stuffed animals .
 I bought this bassinett for my daughter , and 2 weeks into using it , IT COLLAPSED !!! Thankfully , my baby was n't in it at the time . My fiancee and I tried for several hours to figure out the problem , but we could n't . So we sent it back and promptly received another one . Aweek after we received it , it also collapsed . We had my father and my fiancee 's brother look at it to see if we maybe put it together wrong . When they could n't find the problem , I went and asked my neighbor . He said ... after looking at it for over an hour ... that it was a piece of junk and to just get our money back . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 Its ok . It served its purpose , but it is not worth the price . I would have gotten something more padded . The pad is pretty thin . I would have spent another $ 20 to get something with better quality more bells and whistles .
 I purchased this bassinet for my daughter -LRB- who has not been born yet -RRB- and I still am unable to get past step one . I am usually very good about assembling items and am stumped on this . When I go to put the screws in , they stick out and will not screw all the way in . I contacted the manufacturing and they were extremely unhelpful . I am returning this for a different model . I would have given this item no stars if that was an option . Save your money and sanity and do n't purchase this bassinet
 The picture showed a lovely bassinet . Supposedly made of wood . It did not state that the bassinet itself was made of a heavy cardboard . It also stated that you could get years of use out of it . It was made so poorly that in shipping the cardboard was all smashed in ... Could you imagine a child using it as a toybox ? I am completely disenchanted with the article and at this moment with Target for not describing it properly . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I did n't feel that this was sturdy enough for my 6 lb 6 oz grandson . The lacing was different than in the picture and is ugly . I choose not to spend alot for an item that would be used for 2 months and should have because this will not get passed on .
 This bassinet is not as sturdy as it should be considering I bought one out of the paper for $ 20 and it was a wicker weave and the base was stong . This one has CARDBOARD SIDES AND STAPLES HOLDING IT TOGETHER . It came bend in on the sides in delivery and generally I am very dissatissfied and will not order again .
 This bassinet was a waste of money . After tax and shipping it cost over $ 100 . I registered online and did not see it in person . From the moment I put it together it did not live up to my expectations . It does NOT have lights , sound , or vibrations . But the worst part was that it was falling apart from the beginning . It started with one wheel that always fell apart when it was moved , then another wheel . Then , a little while later it became very whobbly . Then , one night , with my 2 month old daughter inside , the frame completly fell to pieces . Thankfully , the top part where my daughter was sleeping is seperate and just fell flat on the ground . If you are looking for a crade or bassinet , I would not choose this one . I have seen countless other cradles that are cuter , and of better quality , and even cheaper , that I wish I could have gotten , but I 've already wasted my money on this one .
 A horrible bassinet that is not worth the money . Bassinet basket is made of cardboard . The mattress is very thin and cheap looking . The white Batiste bedding is cheap and is starting to shred after a few washes . The basket has broken off its secure snap latch after two uses .
 I have another basket similar to this one that I purchased from someplace else and the difference in quality is like night and day . This basket is very cheaply made and I am afraid that it will not last very long . It looks fine and fits a decent amount of clothes -LRB- I use it as a dirty clothes hamper -RRB- . I am currently using it but the quality definitely only warrants 1 star .
 This item has no scent whatsoever . Do not waste your money buying this baby cologne because cologne it is not . I would send it back but just rather throw it in the garbage .
 Do yourself a favor and stick with Gerber spoons or another brand . These are NOT dishwasher safe !!!! I have used them for only a couple months -LRB- have a ten month-old who did n't start solids until 5 months -RRB- . After just a month or so of use , the spoon color started to fade and bleed and change to a brownish yellow stain on each one . They are awful . I wo n't use them anymore because I 'm worried about what could be getting into my baby 's food . I highly recommend you avoid this item .
 The basin on these spoons is so shallow that you can hardly get any food on them . It is a mess waiting to happen . Save your money and do n't buy these . I use them for one thing and that is decoration of my son 's spoon cup . They are lively and bright little spoons and much shorter than his others so they make a great decoration . I think that saying a spoon 's best use is as a decoration says it all .
 I bought this as a gift for my nephew , but it was a disapointment . First of all , the trunks do n't link together properly and keep falling down . Secondly the trunks are not high enough that a baby can fit underneath it comfortably . Thirdly the toys are not that easy for the child to touch as whenever he does touch it the trunk falls down . Not a well thought out toy for a baby . There are much better similar products .
 The animals are hard to shape into the form they need to be in to stand up properly , I could see this toy as being a safety problem . I would not recommend this item .
 I 'd give this chair 0 stars if that was an option . The chair seemed great at first in helping my son sit upright and practice his sitting skills . He started using the chair around 4 months old . I was very careful in using this chair . I only put him in it when it was on the floor and I was always nearby to supervise . One day my son was reaching for a toy next to the chair and he fell completely out of the chair flat onto his face . Luckily he was n't hurt and there was no furniture nearby for him to bump into , but this could 've been a very serious and scary hazard . The chair seems like a great idea , but I really want all parents to know that it is not safe . I have written the company to complain and am awaiting a full refund . DO N'T USE THIS CHAIR FOR YOUR BABY .
 Yes this is a lifesaver , but at the same time , it is a big waste of money . We luckily bought ours used so it is n't a big loss for us , but I would say hold off . It is really only good for your baby when they are n't quite big enough to sit on their own and when they are strong enough to hold their head up on their own . My daughter really only used it about a month . It 's very akward and she always seemed uncomfortable in it . She spits up a lot in it becaue the middle part of the seat pushes into her stomach when she leans forward at all . It she drops a toy if front of her she leans forward to try and get it . I think when you are at a certain stage of motherhood you are looking for anything that can hold your baby for a minute while you go to the bathroom or wash the dishes or whatever . Get something more like a papasan . We have used that since birth and she still likes it . It has good support and you can strap them into it . Really , this thing does n't help your baby learn to sit . It only let 's you set them down without them falling over . I would n't invest in this .
 This stand broke while installing the bassinet , the bottom shelf completely broke away from the the leg . I have no interest in getting another one based on the reviews I have seen of the walnut version of this exact stand . Keep far away from this piece of garbage !
 I waited so much to get this base given I bought the UPPA Baby Vista stroller for my baby that when I got it and it was broken I was beyond frustrated . I did not get a chance to try because I sent it right back and asked for the refund . I did not want to go through the same process again . I think that baby items in particular , although it should aply to all items in general , should have a high standard of control over their products . I just imagine if I had placed the baby on that base and it came crumbling down .
 My wife and I purchased this stand to complement our new Vista stroller and bassinet . Based on the quality of the stroller , I was expecting good things from the bassinet stand , but unfortunately , I encountered the same problem complained about by so many reviewers here in the past . * The box arrived in perfect condition and yet , when I opened it up and removed the stand , I discovered a huge chunk of one of the legs was broken off near the bottom tray . The missing piece was just floating around loose in the box . For the life of me , I ca n't figure out how something like this happens inside a box with no signs of damage whatsoever . My only guess is that it was already damaged to some extent when it was packaged at the factory . Regardless , if this stand ca n't even make it to my front door without falling apart , there is no way I 'm using it with my son.Amazon handled the return and refund of this item quickly and with no fuss . I 'm just sorry I had to return it ; I was actually looking forward to using this . * For a complete picture of the extent to which other purchasers have complained about receiving broken stands , see the reviews listed here as well as those for the walnut version of the same product : UPPAbaby Vista Bassinet Stand , Walnut .
 It is unacceptable that a product made specifically to keep your breastmilk frozen until you need it would leak . We used these bags to store frozen breastmilk , and 50 % of the time the bags leak when they are defrosted . If you are pumping exclusively for your breast fed baby , you know how heartwrenching it is to see that breastmilk wasted . I strongly encourage anyone NOT to use this product . The best bags we 've found so far are Lanisoh .
 These are terrible . I normally use Medela or Lansinoh , but these were all that I could find in a pinch , and I had a coupon . They are definately not worth the money , even with the coupon . They are so thin I have ripped two just trying to open them , and I am afraid I am going to put a hole in them when I write on the bag . They are not less expensive when you factor in the ones you have to discard and the fear of contaminated or leaked milk .
 Though this product may be the most economical storage bags on the market , they leak ! I have experienced NUMEROUS times of these bags leaking when thawing . I recommend spending a bit more $ and buying Lansinoh bags - they are worth it .
 I started using these bags when my son was 3 weeks old -- he 's now 10 months . For the first few months they seemed to work great , but the last 2 boxes I bought leak when they are thawed . I 'm not sure if Gerber changed the bags or what , but I 'd recommend spending more for Lansinoh bags which also have a zip lock closure -LRB- that is much easier to open -RRB- and seem much less flimsy . It 's definitely worth the money to avoid wasting even one bag of milk !
 I normally buy the Lansinoh brand storage bags . I decided to try the Gerber ones because they were cheaper . Its really hard to right on them with a ball point pen . You 're not supposed to write on it with a sharpie because there 's a chance of contamination . The ziploc seal on two of the twenty five bags was not connected on one side . I also found them harder to pour milk out of . I like the Lansinoh ones because they have two ziploc seals to insure that no milk gets out . They are easier to write on , AND the part you write on is above the seals . I have never had a dysfunctional bag with the Lansinoh ones .
 I bought a box of these last week ; so far 2 out of 5 bags broke when I tried to open them ! To open the bags it says to pull gently below the zipper - the zipper part detached from the plastic bag ; on the other the plastic tore . The bags that did open without breaking were are in my freezer now . After reading some of the other reviews on here I 'm hoping they do not leak or break when we need to thaw them out . I 'm looking for another brand now .
 I used Medela milk storage bags for the first 5 months of pumping and never had any problems . I switched to Gerber Seal n ' Go bags to save money . Now that I have used up my supply of frozen milk in Medela bags I have moved on the the frozen milk in the Gerber bags . I HAVE HAD ALMOST 20 BAGS LEAK AS THEY TWAWED . The bags are flawed at the corners and leak . I have called Gerber customer service twice now and they have been unsympathetic and repeatedly suggested that it was a problem on my end with how I stored them . I kept the milk upright when freezing , kept them in a storage container in a deep freeze for under 6 months and thawed the milk in warm water in a bowl . I froze the milk as they suggested and in the EXACT same manner as the milk in Medela bags and THE MEDELA BAGS NEVER LEAKED . I have checked the lot numbers on the base of the bags and I have had milk leak from bags from two different boxes so it was n't just that one box was flawed . The customer service was terrible . The first time I called they said that they would send out coupons -LRB- which they never did -RRB- and the second time I called the lady said she would transfer me to someone else but just hung up on me . My adivice is
 From the start , I had to express my milk . When I started to freeze the milk for future use , I tried these because they were a little cheaper then the Medela storage bags . Now that I 've started to use my frozen milk , the bags have a hole and has caused my milk to leak out . Of course , I had to throw the whole bag out because I did n't want to take a chance of something being in my milk & then passing it on to my son . To say the least , we did n't really want to start formula until April 04 and as of the end of Jan , he is on part formula so I can conserve the rest of the milk that I have . Do n't make the same mistake that I have especially if you had to work as hard as I did to give my son the best . Hope this helps you out .
 When I received this product the box was open , I do n't want to use the bags because the box was not protected and I think the bags are dirty or they are not higienical . I feel upset because I wasted my money , I always thought the gerber products were the best but I was wrong .
 I stored 5.5 days worth of milk between these Gerber Seal-n-Go bags and First Year storage bags . Everything in the other companies bags was fine , just like previous times I used them , however I lost 52 oz worth of pumped milk that was stored in the Gerber bags . How you ask , all of it was spoiled . All the over 100oz of milk was handled and stored the exact same way , and only the bags of milk stored in the Gerber bags were spoiled . Thanks a lot Gerber , for producing bags that spoil milk !!!!
 These bags leak ! I 've purchased at least 4 boxes , and all of them have had leaky bags . Some leak upon defrosting , and some leak right from the start . I 've switched to Lansinoh bags , because these Gerber Seal N Go bags are such a huge disappointment from an otherwise reliable baby product company .
 I generally love Gerber products ; however , these bags are terrible . They are hard to open , leak if they re sealed and fall over and do n't stand when filled with milk . I 'm sorry , but this Gerber product is not alright with me . I 'll stick with Lasinoh or First years -LRB- the best , but extremly hard to find -RRB- .
 Terrible , waste of money and effort . The plastic in these leaked and melted on almost every bag . I froze milk in these for four months , and the majority of bags have leaked and resulted in a tremendous amount of milk being wasted . Do n't waste your time or money . Lansinoh worked much better - much thicker plastic .
 I saw these on sale so I thought I would try them . Wow ... what a mistake !! They are too thin , leak easy , and do n't seal properly . I use the Lansinoh bags and have much better experience with them . I especially like the double zipper on the Lansinoh bags ; gives me ` warm fuzzies ' to know I successfully closed the bag . The milk it too valuable to risk leaky and inefficient bags . I wo n't try other bags anymore ... Lansinoh all the way !
 these bags leaked terribly ... milk was only frozen for 2 months or so ... most of these bags leaked ... if you plan on freezing breastmilk , GET THE LANSINOH BAGS !!!! they are thicker , they have a double seal , and i do n't think we 've had a single lansinoh bag leak yet . the gerber bags are a joke , gerber should be ashamed for even putting them out for sale . you 'd be better off trying to freeze your milk in a sandwich baggie .
 I thought these bags were great at the beginning . Now I am finding that the bags get little pin holes in them and leak , which is quite annoying . I would not waste any money on these .
 My child is now 2 months old and I have been pumping breastmilk since her birth in order to build up a supply . Not only are the bags difficult to pour the milk into , they leak upon defrosting . Today was the first day that I defrosted a frozen bag of milk and soon found that it was leaking in the fridge from the seam at the bottom of the bag . I am very disappointed as I have worked hard every day in order to pump milk . I read similar reviews regarding the leaking but figured it could n't happen with every bag , however sadly I am wrong . I wish I had used Lansinoh as their bags are thicker , more durable and priced the same as Gerber .
 I used this with my first and it was very awkward . You have to snap it around your neck , it 's not very big so there 's a chance of not being completly covered and it does n't breathe . My daughter would overheat and have a sweaty little head each time I would use this . Look around there are much nicer cover ups better made .
 We received the wide-neck started kit and they were awful ! They leaked all down our baby 's chin , which is horrible when you 're fedding him in the middle of the night . We ended up buying the Playtex VentAire and have been quite happy with them -- but our baby has never been particularly gassy . I have a friend who swears by the standard size Dr. Brown 's , but I had such an awful experience with the wide-neck that I do n't think I 'll try another type of Dr. Brown 's .
 I bought these bottles thinking they were neat and inovative . Well , to my surprise they leaked like crazy . You ca n't make a powder formula bottle in them at all because that 's when they leak . There are also too many parts to clean and you have to make sure you do n't lose the little brush they include w / the kit . I ended up throwing the bottles in the garbage and purchased the very inexpensive evenflo 3 pack instead . Much better . : -RRB-
 I originally was using the Playtex drop in bottles . I saw the Dr. Brown 's and decided to try them . Within 2 days of using them my one month old son had severe gas for 2 days straight . I switched back to Playtex and have n't had a problem since . I strongly advise against these bottles .
 We bought this product based on its testimonials and thought it would be the best choice for our new baby . While he had no problems using the Playtex Nursers , he ended up having a problem with Dr. brown 's Natural Flow bottles . First off , they are a pain to clean . Each piece needs to be painstakenly washed -LRB- boiling the nipple , washing the bottle , and scrubbing each hole of the the insert and the reservoir . -RRB- It was certainly laborsome and time consuming . Anyhow , when he uses them , he spits up where he did n't with the competition . I tried to figure out why . If you tip the bottle over it drips constantly without any sucking . So my baby is not sucking or swallowing when he uses this product . He lets it build up in his mouth and then ends up having to push it out when he has gotten too much . Needless to say , we are planning to return these and will stick with Playtex .
 I researched for months before our daughter was born and decided on the Dr. Brown 's bottles . Well I spent lots of $ $ $ on these things and fed her with them for 2 non-consecutive days and she threw up after each feeding with them . Luckily some were still in the package and I was able to return them .
 After 3 weeks of using these I went out and bought new bottles . They leak way to much and you might as well deal with spit up . Cause after you are done feeding the baby they are soaked and you have to change them . Then they are awake fussy cause they have been moved around to the point that they spit up any way . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY TILL THEY FIX THE LEAKING PROBLEM
 I found these bottles to be completely useless at preventing gas and they leak like a sieve ! My daughter 's gas actually worsened with these bottles .
 My son has been very gassy and not only did these not help the situation , they only made it worse ! I made sure the `` even flow '' nipples were level 1 and they flowed to quickly . My son choked on the formula and consistently showed distress when drinking from the bottle . They made for a miserable feeding .
 This pump was a pain to keep squeezing repetitiously . My hand hurt after a while . I resorted to renting an electrical/motorized pump from the drugstore . It 's probably great for women whose milk is flowing easily and heavily .
 I just went to the store and compared the ingredients of this product to generic wipes -LRB- like Clorox wipes without bleach -RRB- and they have the same ingredients -- save your money !
 I am not sure what the difference is between these and other wipes ... outside of the expense . It 's not made with castile soap , and that seems like it would work better than these wipes . I was not comfortable enough with the cleaning power of these to use without thoroughly rinsing all pieces of my pump . I see how it seems easy , but now that I 've tried these , they are pretty much a waste of money .
 They are almost too wet , and leave a residue from the breastmilk . I wipe the parts as well as I can , but on the valve I always notice the sour milk smell by the end of the day . I have to bring a dry cloth to go over the parts after I clean them with the wipes .
 I really wish these wipes are what they are advertised to be , but to me they are just regular natural wipes packed for Medela and with a ridiculously high price .
 While the concept overall seems like a good idea , it is not for everyone . If your life is hectic and/or disorganized -LRB- like me ! -RRB- , this is not for you , because you need to make sure to boil water and then place the warmer in for 15 minutes -LRB- which means remembering to start the whole process 20-30 minutes before you leave the house -RRB- . The other big thing that I did n't see in any of the reviews was that this does not work for Avent bottles . I tried with a 4 oz bottle but the warmer was too small and there was no way to fit the bottle and warmer in the bag .
 This bottle warmer is terrible , however ; the electric warmer I bought for the car was worse . The one I bought for the car took about 45 minutes to get a bottle warmed , and you also had to be in the car the whole time with it plugged up . This particular bottle warmer works in 30-45 minutes . -LRB- depending on how cold the bottle is to start with , of course -RRB- So , it 's better than the standard plug-in type when you 're on the go because you do n't have to keep it plugged in . If you have a predictable enough baby , you can just start warming about 30 minutes before you think your baby will be hungry . If you do n't have a predictable baby , you can get stuck with a very angry baby for a very long time . I believe , in the end , that going to a drive thru and asking for a half-full cup of hot water , and placing the cold bottle inside -LRB- all restaurants are happy to oblige - even without a purchase -RRB- is still the best method ! -LRB- ready in less than 10 minutes -RRB-
 I tried using this warmer when we were on the go . After 30 MINUTES in this contraption , the bottle was still cold . My daughter was at a stage when she would only drink warmed bottles , so we were at a loss with a screaming 2 month old !!! Stay away !!
 I am a huge fan of Dr. Brown 's bottles and accessories . This particular 3 pack of nipples is incorrectly priced . I do not recommend anyone else purchasing this one . You can buy a pack of 2 nipples for $ 4 or you can overpay for this 3 pack and pay $ 18 . Does not seem like a fair deal !
 I generally like Dr. Brown 's bottles , although admittedly they do leak on a consistent basis . But by far the most frustrating aspect of these bottles are the impossible-to-read labels found on the underside of the nipple . My twins alternate between level 1 -LRB- for breastmilk -RRB- , Level 2 -LRB- for formula -RRB- , and the Y cut -LRB- for formula thickened with cereal -RRB- . It is ridiculously difficult to read the transparent raised label on the underside of the nipple , especially when it is a bleary-eyed attempt in the middle of the night.If I did n't get these for free from a friend , I never would have stuck with the brand .
 My toddler has been able to remove this as well as push button through the thin plastic .
 From the time she began to crawl , our daughter could defeat this . She would either pull it out and away from the VCR , or push the buttons through the plastic . -LRB- not stable , no way to keep it in place , etc. -RRB- We finally broke down and got an entertainment center with doors that we could hide all the electrical equipment in , returned these and bought locks for the cabinet doors .
 i HAVE TO AGREE . THIS SUPPOSED `` GUARD '' IS NOTHING BUT AN EXCUSE FOR YOUR TODDLER TO CONTINUE PRESSING THE BUTTONS YOU WANT COVERED UP ! My son justs run full force toward it and pushes the tv off and on . Do not waste your hard-earned dollars on this !
 I bought 4 of these plus 2 of the ones for the TV . Waste of money they are , especially if you have a TV that curves , where they can get their fingers in the sides . For the vcr , my 2 year old son just pulls the top and reach in . If anything it 's a pinching hazard . Toys r Us use to carry a VCR guard that fit into the opening of the vcr . I used that one when my daughter was younger , she 's now 4 , and even now they ca n't open that kind because it requires sliding a button while holding an alternate side , something she ca n't do even at 4 going on 5 . That one is made by Safety 1st and you can find it on the internet . Do n't waste your money on this !!!
 This product worked great until my 20 month-old daughter became strong enough to rip it off . Watching us take it off -LRB- because we had one button on there that did n't work on the remote -RRB- made her curious and one week after installing it , she figured it out . Now she takes it off at least once a day . -LRB- Just wish she could figure out how to put it back on -RRB-
 The sponge came off on first use . The sponge is harder than similar products so on insertion into the bottle neck the sponge ripped . They are a good price but honestly the more expensive ones are better quality . The small brunch is also difficult to remove from the end of the brush . It 's a pity - at this price , I really wanted to like them more
 These are the worst bottle brushes out there . They are not sturdy and bend while washing . I used mine only 5 times and the sponge at the top came off . I am pumping and then bottle feeding 5 times a day so I need a reliable brush to wash my breast pump parts and my Dr. Brown bottles , and these do not do the job . So far my favorite have been the Munchkin with the sponge on the top , they look like these but hold up much better . Unfortunately I ca n't find them on Amazon .
 This brush was light and not a great cleaner . The sponge of the brush came off after the 3rd use . The nipple brushes were standard . Do n't waste the money Walmart has a better brush .
 After a few uses the handle breaks . I have bought 2 two packs and all have broken the same way . The brush is good and the price is reasonable but it is disappointing that the handle breaks of .
 The sponge holds no soap ! And after only a few days of use , the sponge fell off -- it was hardly secured -- just in a bent -LRB- not even looped ! -RRB- wire .
 i ordered a set 3 times for my son and got girl ones each time .
 Unfortunately , I requested this item twice and I never received the ones I wanted . I requested the pacifiers for a girl and I kept receiving for boys . It was suppose to be a gift for a baby shower .
 I ordered these because the picture colors were red and blue for boy . These are the only ones my son wil take . when I recieved them , they came quickly , but I got the colors for a girl . why is there not an option to choose ? and all the colors should have been pictured so that ppl could at lest know to request the color they want by email or something . I emailed the seller to return , still have not heard anything back . But good thing I knew someone with a baby girl and I give them away . I am extremly unsatisfied and have ordered from anoter seller . Hopfully I get what I requesteed and paid for this time around .
 The pad itself seems nice and the hardware to securely fasten it to the furniture is great . However , it 's size is 33x17 - standard covers are 32x16 - also , the belt laps connects in the middle where the ` standard ' is on the outside - therefore , using standard covers wo n't work and you 'll have to buy the rumble tuff proprietary covers which there are very few selections .
 I had a changing pad and used it for the first 4 months of my son 's life . It developed tears around the straps -LRB- I never used them , just tucked them under the cover -RRB- . The store where it was from took it back and replaced it . The second one has a tear at one end , not near straps or any other wear spot , after only 8 months . The store wo n't take it back , so I 'll be contacting the manufacturer . I would n't advise this brand to anyone . We did not mount it on furniture - we just slide it out from under the crib to use it and then slide it back .
 Lets get straight to the point : Pros :1 -RRB- Very good reception and clarity -LRB- you can hear your baby breath , if you listen really hard -RRB- 2 -RRB- light weight3 -RRB- Battery lasts longer than other monitorsCons :1 -RRB- too many connections with extra long cords .2 -RRB- the alarm wakes your baby if it goes off . -LRB- sound like an emergency alarm -RRB- 3 -RRB- the ticking sound is really annoying4 -RRB- a baby mattress is too thick and bulky to slip a sensor pad under it and sensor any movement .5 -RRB- no matter what happens that alarm will go off . -LRB- mind you some babies are heavy sleepers and really do not move much at all ; they would have to wiggle or move noticeably every twenty seconds -RRB- 6 -RRB- what an overpriced product , comparing it in regards to the quality.Final Note
 I was so excited about this product due to all the great reviews , the peace of mind it offered and a friend 's recommendation . However , no matter what I tried , all I could do was pick up my neighbor 's monitor ! -LRB- I assume she had the same type -RRB- I tried moving both parts of the monitor and tried both channels . Unfortunately though , one channel remained pure static and the other was my neighbor talking to her daughter ! I had to return it . I ended up with the much-less-expensive Long Range 900mghz monitor which is FANTASTIC for at night -LRB- it 's crytal clear and uses sound and lights -RRB- and the video monitor for when baby is upstairs and we 're downstairs . I love both these monitors .
 I hate this monitor . I do n't know if it 's the area we live in or what ... but when it is plugged in I get HORIFFIC feedback - I hear phone converstations ... radios ... and what ever . I would throw this out the window if I could . The only time it works half way decent is if it runs on batteries ... but the batteries have to be replaced every 2-3 days . Do n't waste your money - this product is n't all what it is supposed to be .
 I recieved this product as a baby shower gift for my daughter . It worked fine the first few nights , but then we had problems with the alarm going off all the time . We tried repositioning it and everything else but it still kept going off . Finally , we stopped using it and bought a different monitor . I 'm pregnant with my second daughter now and there is NO WAY I am going to attempt to use this monitor again . I plan on purchasing a different brand and I would recommend to others that they not buy this one either .
 IT HAS A GOOD INTENTION BUT MAKES A LOT OF STATIC AS A SOUND MONITOR . I ALSO HAVE A SOUND MONITOR IT DOES N'T MAKE ANY NOISES UNNESSESSARY . I RECOMMEND BUY THE MOVEMENT MONITOR AND A SEPERATE MONITOR IF YOU PLAN TO SLEEP AT NIGHT
 This is a horrible monitor and a waste of money . I 've never even used the sensor pad because , like others mentioned , you have to put a piece of plywood or something under the mattress to keep it steady . Not convenient if you do n't have a piece of plywood laying around . Another frustrating thing with this monitor is that if you do n't put it on the right setting , it clicks , so I 've never even used any other setting than the noise setting . The biggest frustration of all for us has been the horrible static and buzzing that comes through on the receiver ! We have to put our electric fan on at night so we can sleep and not hear the monitor buzzing . It seems every other night we 're jiggling and playing with it to get the transmitter in the exact spot where it does n't have static .
 I am so very dissapointed in this monitor . I am giving it 1 star because you ca n't give it zero . I read the fabulous reviews and was so happy when I registered for it . I thought that it would set my mind at ease so I could sleep at night . Hah ! As soon as we got the baby home , we layed him down and the darn alarm started going off right away . The baby was moving around ! I was convinced that it must be defective so we exchanged it at our local -LSB- baby store -RSB- . When we got the 2nd box home , we realized that this one had been returned too . The book was missing and everything was unwrapped . We exchanged that one for a 3rd attempt . The 3rd one seemed to be ok until we tried the parent monitor . We had to hit it a couple of times to make it work . Then , a day later , the alarm started going off again while the baby was clearly breathing fine . I tried turning the sensitivity way up but it still kept going off . I am mad . I ca n't believe that so many people have had success with this thing and I have had such bad luck .
 I think this monitor has the right idea but unless your child sleeps in the middle of the crib directly on top of the monitor pad you will get false alarms . My twin boys are 7 months old and the only reason they ever wake up in the middle of the night is because the alarm on the monitor is going off . I had to set the sensitivity on the monitor all the way up and just like before we still get woken up in the middle of the night because one of my sons had moved to the foot of the crib .
 We hated this product and had to stop using the pad after a number of false alarms . Our daughter is a very active sleeper and would scoot all over the crib during the night . Even after putting a board under the matress the alarm would go off every time she was not directly under the pad . We 'd go running into her room every time the alarm went off only to find her sleeping peacefully . We still use the monitor but we would have been better off buying something less expensive .
 I 'd love to tell you what I think of this monitor but I ca n't . The reason ? Our crib has the wire mesh under the mattress , not a flat , solid surface . This device does n't work unless the mattress sits on a flat , solid surface . To make it work we have to measure the crib and buy a piece of wood to put under there . But , as I am sure you can relate with , being new parents to an infant we have n't had the time , which is why we ordered this on-line as a convenience ... yeah , well , some convenience.So there it sits , collecting dust.I honestly wish someone had warned me ahead of time that it does not work with all cribs ... which is why I am warning * you * .
 I bought this monitor after reading all of these wonderful reviews on Amazon only to find myself extremely disappointed . Aside from the several false alarms -LRB- I can live with that because at least I know it 's working -RRB- , this monitor has proven to be very non-functional . My first baby was born in May , and within the 3 months I 've been using this , there have been several times where the receiver goes dead -LRB- in the middle of the night-it was working when I went to bed -RRB- and I hear my baby screaming from his room and not on the monitor . I even went to the website and tried troubleshooting to no avail . Also , the interferance is awful with just 2 channels although interferance can happen with any monitor . Needless to say , I just ordered another monitor and will probably throw this one out because I would n't even give it to my worst enemy . I hope that mine was just a lemon and that no one else wastes almost $ ... like I did . I definately have no peace of mind with this monitor .
 We took ours back to the store because the alarm kept going off . We tried different settings and nothing worked . The same thing happened w / my friend who had purchased one .
 I bought every type of pacifier at Babiesrus to see which my son would like , I really liked how these pacifiers looked . However at 0 months is teething element really needed ? This is one of my sons least favourite pacifier , I 'm not sure what he does n't like about it , but he really hates it . It 's a shame because I like the consept but it just was n't for us .
 I love how they preach `` natural care '' and state how there is Vit . E and Aloe in there , but they `` forget '' to mention it contains parabens.Are you serious ?!? I know there are parabens in almost everything -LRB- sadly , even most baby products -RRB- , but wipes ? Really ?? Not only that , but they 're just not a good feeling wipe . They 're thick , yes , but it 's a feeling I do n't like . They just do n't clean well .
 I 'm a fan of Huggies diapers , but their wipes are a different story . On the plus side , they are thick . However , they 're not very soft - in fact , I find them fairly rough . They also are n't as moist as other wipes I 've tried . Worst of all , though , is how hard they are to pull apart . These non-popup wipes tend to clump together and pull out in a lump of 5-10 wipes at a time - definitely NOT what I want when I 'm holding a squirming baby on the changing table and trying to clean up a mess quickly at the same time . Once I use up the two packages I bought on sale , I 'm going back to Pampers wipes .
 I was very unhappy with these wipes . They are much drier than other brands and leave lint pieces on my daughter 's skin . I would not recommend these wipes at all .
 I was very disappointed to think I spent almost 30 dollars on a piece of wallpaper basically . When i read peelable , i was thinking it was like holiday decorations , self sticking on the wall but removable . No , this is wallpaper , you wet it and hang it . The picture is cute , but the quality and price are definately not worth it . I am very disappointed in this product . You can do other things with it which is what I will do , find some plexiglass or something , attach it to that , and put a hook on the back , so at least we can take it with us when we move , but this is the worst growth chart I have purchased . Guess that is what i get for buying online and not being able to see the product first hand to know what i am really buying . Buyers beware !! Do n't waste your money .
 It 's ok but keep your expectations low . I bought it as a gift for my niece , and when it arrived it was clear that it was just a basic paper poster and nothing particularly nice .
 Any time I try to use this I need to have the vacuum cleaner handy because the top pops off . If I try to hold it on the powder still flies all over . Now it 's happily contained -LRB- almost full -RRB- in a trash bag at the local landfill .
 The mini cradle is MUCH better - you can adjust the strap that goes around your waist/underbelly . This one is the size it is - mine is too loose and does very littls good . : - -LRB-
 I bought this thinking it will help with my back , but it 's very uncomfortable to wear , especially during the summer time .
 A few other reviews mentioned that the height fit them , but the waist did not -LRB- or the other way around -RRB- . I was hoping it would n't be this way for me since most of the reviews were positive , but it was - height was perfect , but the waist was too tight . Oh well . I was already 7 months along when I began using it , so maybe it would have helped more if I had started using it from earlier in the pregnancy ? It aggravated the pain I was trying to alleviate , so I ended up returning it and using a velcro adjustable one .
 Although the idea is good , the prenatal cradle has to be modified in many aspects : This product was not made thinking about fashionable and practical pregnant women.If you live in a hot weather , clothing is light and does not cover all your body , therefore , the prenatal cradle will show up either from one side or the other !!!!!!! -LRB- specially if you are proud of your new body and use low rise pants or short t-shirts -RRB- it also can be seen through your clothing because the cradle is white and made of a thick material . It is one added worry , every time I have to dress up for work , workout or just going out , I have to spend a long time thinking how to cover it . I am dissapointed about this product , it makes me feel frustrated .
 This is a harness of another sort . You have to put it over your head and hope for the best . The adjustable is by far a better option .
 I was very excited to try this product . This is my second pregnancy , and my first daughter weighed 10 lbs 6 ozs , and I am not a very big woman . This pregnancy has been rough , my body seems to be worn out , and to beat it all , I work at a hospital and am on my feet for 12-13 hours a day . I thought the cradle would help , but it is just a jumble of elastic . It does not support like it claims and I did not even notice ANY difference in having it on . AND , you can see it under your top , I wore mine with my scrub tops and I peeped out of the shoulder area and all day people asked what it was . Not cool :--LRB- Buyer beware ... save your money !!!
 I was suffering with severe groin pain during my pregnancy , so I purchased this belt hoping to find relief . I found this belt to be very uncomfortable . The elastic is so rough , it irritated me all day . Also the straps that go over your shoulders come up so high you are very limited on shirt options without the bands showing . Also , I had seen that it runs small and to order asize up , so I did . The band still cut into my lower ribs around my waist . By the end of the day I could n't wait to take it off ! I wore it once , then found a different support band and am much more comfortable now .
 We had great hopes for this -- because my wife 's belly was hurting toward the end of the day . We waited anxiously for the mail delivery and kicked ourselves for not shipping it overnight.Upon trying it out , the belt was too tight to be comfortable sitting -LRB- even though my wife was in the lower end of the weight range for the size she ordered -RRB- . This presented the problem -- when going out shopping , do you wear it or not ?? It ca n't be easily removed . so we ended up not using it , and wish we never had purchased it . It helped somewhat when standing -- if that is all you do all day . But for the average person , there must be a better designed belt .
 I very much looked forward to the support of this cradle during my twin pregnancy . They do n't seem to be sized for petite women ; rather taller women with long torsos . I tried two different sizes and neither fit appropriately for me . Both fit well through the shoulders but were baggy through the middle , thus not supportive , even in late term . Alas , I returned the cradle for a full refund .
 I bought this at the beginning of my third trimester I do n't know if it 's a combo of the third trimester uncomforts or just the sling but my baby hated it . It seemed like he was being smashed or something .
 These prefolds are very stiff and hard to use as burp cloths or prefold diapers . The snappi grips for prefold diapers do not attach well to these cloths . They also do not get better with washing and drying . I highly recommend osocozy brand prefolds for burp cloths and prefold diapers .
 I am happy that these introduced me to what pfs -LRB- prefolds -RRB- are . However after using these , and several others , these are the worst . I like my Chinese pfs and my unbleached Indian pfs much better . They also cost waaaaayyy too much for pfs . I only paid like 1.50 each for my -LRB- larger -RRB- Indian pfs which are much softer and non-pilly . They are absorbent though . I still use them as spit cloths sometimes , but mostly use them as stuffing for my pocket diapers .
 I put these on our baby registry , but did n't bother to read any reviews on them . -LRB- I 'm not sure why I thought that was a good idea ! -RRB- After washing them a few times to prep them , I noticed that they seemed to be getting stiffer and scratchier , not softer like my indian cotton prefolds . Our baby is n't even born yet , but I know I will NOT be using these on him or her.Other reviews mention that they make great burp cloths . I think that 's exactly what I 'll do . I 'll also read more reviews next time before buying a diaper !
 I bought these just to compare them to my Bumkins and Bummis prefolds and they turned out to be not as absorbent as either . I used them a couple of times and have just decided to put them in storage . They are also impossible to use with the snappis fastner . Definitely not usable overnight .
 This is not useful as a diaper , and is very `` scratchy '' . I am sure that I will find a use for it along the way . I suggest Sunflowerbabies diapers , they are great quality and support mama 's who make them from home !
 Before purchasing these I e-mailed the company about where they are made . They did not reply , so after a little research I found other retailers claiming they are `` made in canada '' . When I received them , the package clearly said `` made in PAKISTAN '' . I would NEVER knowingly buy anything made in PAKISTAN and I would NEVER use anything like that especially for my baby . I try to buy things only made in USA , but do make exceptions for things made in Canada , Europe , and a couple other places that are trustworthy . Needless to say , these diapers are being returned . I 'm not upset with Amazon , they are handling the return very well , but I do think that Amazon should require the disclosure of product origin within the product description !
 Aside from the additional uses , how do they perform as diapers ?
 While these may make good burp cloths as others have commented , they are not the best for diapering . They are basically flannel diapers and after just a few washes they have already begun to `` pill '' . They also are n't the ideal size as they are very long and need to be folded in the back as compared to other diapers . They are also very thin -LRB- but dense -RRB- . If you 're looking for cloth diapers , a better choice would be the traditional Chinese prefolds . I am happy with ones I purchased on Amazon and even happier with others I purchased at www.greenmountaindiapers.com / Happy cloth diapering !
 These are very unpracticle cloth diapers , but I do use them to clip onto teh bottom of my swiffer ! Way too big for younger infants and difficult to get a good fit on any kid . Leaves much to be desired in the world of cloth diapering .
 Planning to use cloth diapers vs. disposable , I ordered these pre-fold diapers . I am somewhat disappointed however , as when I follow the instructions to `` fold '' the diaper , it looks really , really small . I 'm not sure how long I 'll be able to use these and I do n't see any size indication that would suggest I could order larger ones . I probably wo n't be using these for anything other than burp cloths or mop-up towels . Very disappointing .
 I also bought the Gerber diapers - we prefer them to the Kushies . The Kushies are not as soft , even after repeated washings . We use the cloth diapers for everything - burp cloths , under baby 's head in the crib , on the activity mat , to catch dribbles ... and all of the other usual uses . I 'd recommed at least 2 dozen per baby !!
 The product looks great , and surely works wonderfully , if it had arrived complete ... It 's missing the screws In order to set the gate!Right now , it 's completely worthless ! I wish there was a way I could at least buy the missing part , so it 's not a total waste .
 I suppose this gate could be fine for some openings but it is not for me . I am using it at the bottom of the stairs . It is slightly too large for the opening with all extensions and with only one set the adjustable screw ends are at their very max which makes the gate VERY unstable and wobbly . I was going to purchase another for the top of the stairs but would never use this unstable product at the top - far too dangerous . I think this is poor planning - I ca n't be the only person who has to use the gate without one or both of the extensions and they should have made the end pieces long enough so that they are stable until it reaches the size opening where you 'd use the extension . So all in all I am very disappointed . My opening is well within the opening size they advertise . Buyers beware - it does not specify at how many inches each extension will be added so you will have no way of knowing if you will wind up in the same situation as me . Good luck if you buy this ! Dreambaby needs to make what would be an easy fix .
 If you plan to use this gate in a high traffic area do NOT buy it ! It closes automatically after you go through which will drive you nuts after 3 or 4 times of having to open it . We had to use a bungie cord to keep it open when the baby was sleeping or in his highchair . The latch on the top broke off after 2 months of use and now my baby can give it a good shake and get through . It is useless . We also own the First Years hands free gate and it is WONDERFUL -LRB- lasted 3 kids -RRB- . This one is going in the trash .
 We have a 3 yr old and 11 month old and we bought this gate for the bottom of stairs . . although the gate is sturdy and nice looking -LRB- in black finish -RRB- my 3 yr old can get it open by pushing it , she does n't even have to use the lever button on top .
 According to Proposition 65 warning on this page , dreambaby gate contains chemicals that is known to cause cancer , birth defects and other reproductive harm . Unfortunately , I contacted both amazon and dreambaby but no response so far ! I hope this is a mistake as I currently have two sets of dreambaby gates .
 My 3 year old can open this gate with ease . It does n't serve any purpose at all . It 's a shame this product is listed under safety gate .
 I really wanted to like this gate . We purchased it to prevent the dog from going upstairs . I researched and read reviews on numerous websites . This gate got the best review of the gates available out there , and it had the features I wanted ... . minor damage to the wall due to pressure mount and a swing gate . I ca n't understand why people did n't note the problem we found . It was easy to install and looked like it would work like a dream . Until I walked through and realized that the bar across the bottom creates the perfect hazard to catch someone 's toe . Mounted at the top of the stairs , I could picture my kids tripping over the bar and tumbling down the hardwood steps . Not a good idea . So we tried it at the bottom of the stairs . Not quite as hazardous , but the pesky bar remains which means that one has to skip the step the gate is mounted near . Awkward and again I could picture the kids -LRB- or their clumsy mom/me -RRB- tumbling . So , sadly , this gate is going back . While the pressure mount system is a good idea , the bar across the bottom is required to make that type of mount possible . Even in a doorway with no stairs nearby , it would create a trip hazard .
 Overall I like this gate , it looks nice and works pretty well , but the latch is made out of pretty cheap plastic . Pieces broke off of the latch in less than a weeks time . Since we have a little baby crawling around on the floor it is n't the safest thing to have small pieces of plastic breaking off and lying around .
 We ordered 2 of these gates and both of them are noisy and loud every time you open them . I thought maybe we got a lemon on the first one but when we installed the second one on the lower floor it makes the same rubbing to metal sound every time you open the gate . Also sometimes when it swings to shut the gate does n't always latch so you have to Double check to make sure that it latches . Not impressed . Would NOT buy again .
 Ultimately , we returned this item.The good
 I had high hopes of this gate working based on the reviews . I was planning on using it on the door opening to my child 's nursery as she is crawling a lot now and I want to keep her in her room to play most of the time . I guess my doorway opening are not perfectly aligned or my floors are crooked but I could never get this gate to close . It says all points have to be perfectly aligned so if your doorway or floor is off slightly , this gate will not work . You would never know your door was off until after trying to install it . Compete waste of time , going back .
 At first this gate worked fine , within a few days I noticed it did n't close on its own I had to make sure it latched . After a few months despite my constant re-tightening and re-adjusting it does n't latch closed enough and my 1 and 3 year old know how to pop it open . Waste of money , lasted literally 3 months .
 The extension is worthless , the tighter you try to get thing , the worse it buckles . The regular gate works just fine , but do n't bother with the extension . you 'll never get a good , safe fit .
 I 'm usually satisfied with my Amazon purchases , but we were very disappointed to find pieces missing from this baby gate . We did n't get a chance to try this gate becuase the box arrived without the upper locking set , rendering it useless . Most likely it had been returned by another customer who did n't care , as long as they received their refund . I will now only purchase toys , etc. online because I ca n't stand having to return things ! For baby gates and similar items , we will go to a store and visually inspect before purchasing , rather than rely on other parties to ensure all pieces are included .
 I have four children , one of which the gate is for . My 8 and 6 yr olds have no problem with using the gate and my 3 and 16 m old can not . I installed it correctly and easily . It looks great . At first I loved it , especially the one hand swing close mechanism . The first week my 3 yr old got a finger pinched trying to figure out the top latch . We moved past that , since I tightened it a bit more . All was well until recently . It swings close on one side but not the other as other reviews mentioned . The problem lies within the bottom latch . We have only had this gate 3 MONTHS !! This is unsafe in my opinion . My 16M has made it to the stairs a few times and to the top of the stairs before we have gotten to her . Not good since she thinks she can stand and walk up the last step . Because I homeschool , this gate gets a lot of use and just is n't doing what it is suppose to . Now I will have to replace it . I would not recommend for high traffic area and for saftey issues .
 i bought this item -LRB- i actually purchased two -RRB- because i needed to keep some dogs from going into a specific room . while the dogs are respectful of the gate , which is indeed sturdy , i am very concerned . the latching mechanism is rather lacking in design . a tiny piece of plastic locks the gate closed . and YES , i installed the gate properly . the margin between locked and unlocked is not well defined , and i have found that when the gate swings closed it does not lock many times . perhaps i misread the selling points . it says that the gate closes . and indeed it does . but it does NOT say that it locks when it closes which pretty much defeats the purpose of the gate swinging closed by itself . i can not trust this gate and will be forced to purchase a different one from a different manufacturer . Lesson learned ... $ 110 dollar mistake .
 This gate does what its intended to do , but I would not buy it again . The construction is a bit flimsy relative to other gates we own and the locking mechanism does not seem to engage on its own . The gate does feature an automatically closing door which is nice . This one worked better in doorways then stairs .
 This product is advertised as coming with two extensions to accommodate a max width of 39 inches , however it does not come with the extensions . The gate alone only accommodates openings from 28-32 inches , I never would have selected it if it did n't come with the extensions . Neither Think Fast Toys nor Amazon were able to send me a set of extensions to resolve the issue , so I had no other option but to return the gate . Very inconvenient !! Fix the item description , or send the correct item !!
 On the gate I got the gate was farther apart from where it should hook in to . I should have probably sent it back but I needed it quickly . I would advise any one else purchasing this gate to make sure it latches not only at the bottom but at the top as well . Easy to use !
 I purchased two of these gates . First one I installed properly , but when I went to open the gate , it fell off completely , denting my wood floors . I quickly noticed that the bolt that is supposed to hold the gate in place was missing the nut to hold it in place . Opened the second gate which had a secure bolt and installed it the same as the first . It must have been bent out of shape because only the bottom locking mechanism would line up properly . In order for the top to secure I had to force it shut , which takes the `` one-hand '' feature out of play . Also , the paint on the top of the gate was not complete , so it looked as if there was a giant scratch along the edge of the frame , even though it clearly was not scratched . If the products were n't defective , I think it would be a great gate . But after having TWO out of two gates defective , I 'm done with Dream-Baby products .
 This gate did n't work for us at all . It never seemed to get balanced perfectly enough to actually latch . At one point we thought it was and our daughter pushed against it , fell through and smacked her head . Having the latching system entirely dependent upon the tension is a poor design .
 I researched this gate prior to purchase and was encouraged by all the good reviews . I really wanted to like the gate and I really tried to make it work but it just does n't . I ordered two -LRB- this one and the wider on as well -RRB- and , despite literal hours of readjustments and ` second ' -LRB- ha ! -RRB- attempts , still could n't get either to install properly.The first problem is the mounting cups . Tightening the knobs to secure the gate means that the torque created as a result pulls up the gate at the bottom -LRB- even with my husband standing on it -RRB- and causes the mounting cups that were aligned before tightening to no longer be in the right place . Several attachments , removals , and ` holes ' in the wall later , I came back to read the reviews and saw that the mounting cups are optional . Would n't it be nice if the directions said that up-front ? I went back to my installations with new faith , thinking the removal of the mounting cups would solve all my problems . While that modification did make the process slightly less frustrating , the end result continued to be gates that would not tighten/close/adjust properly.In reading the reviews , I found that some of the high ratings cite things like ` could n't get all the latches to line up ' . To me , not being able to install a product 100 % as intended means it 's not a great design . I wish I had read the positive reviews in more detail prior to ordering these gates . I also could not get all the latches to line up the way they were designed to.The directions are very specific about keeping all of the spacing between the gates and extensions perfectly even , keeping it flat on the floor , etc. . I found it impossible to install properly . In the process -LRB- using a a laser level , a tape measure , a quilting square , etc. -RRB- I found that our doorways are n't square and our floor is n't completely flat . It seems to be that a better product design would n't require a completely ideal situation for proper installation and would n't be quite so finicky.The biggest problem with these gates is that we ordered two and could n't get either to tighten/line up properly . The only way we could get the latches to line up the way the directions advise -LRB- and as stated this is after hours of adjusting , readjusting , removing , starting over , going back to check the instructions , etc. -RRB- was to have the gate so tight that the door no longer opened or closed -LRB- or did n't do so freely -RRB- . I noticed that one end of each extension -LRB- on both gates we ordered -RRB- did n't fit as flush/snugly with the rest of the gate as the other extension joints did . The first was just slightly off and the second gate we tried to install was so ` off ' that it caused the gate to bow up and off the floor in that area even before we did any tightening or adjustments . In both installations , the sides with the seemingly defective extensions joints were the sides that continually pulled up and off the floor or would n't tighten down properly . This makes me think that our gates were simply defective . However , the odds of getting two defective products -LRB- of slightly different models , no less -RRB- seem rather small to me . The problems cited by otherwise satisfied reviewers reflected the other issues we were having with the gate so the bottom line is that I think this is just poorly designed . Even if it 's a great design and our particular gates were defective , I 'm pretty unimpressed by the company 's idea of quality control.These gates , like the Regalo gate that I ordered to replace these , are going back to Amazon tomorrow . Back to the drawing board AGAIN .
 This gate has a poor design that makes it impossible to function while tightly installed in a doorway to keep medium to large dogs out of a room . In order to function , the gate must be tightly installed so that the weight of the dog will not push the gate down ; however , when the gate is installed this tightly using the included fasteners , the `` swing-door '' in the center of the gate will not function because the tightness of the installation locks it in place . If you are just using this gate to maintain a small infant , it might work ... anything larger and it is a failure .
 I did not get the screws to fix the door , I just have the three pieces of bars composed of the door and two small side bars . Since I live outside the US I can not return the product and I can not find a way for the seller to send me the missing parts .
 The extensions on this suck ... you will need to order extra extension for regular hallways and stairs ... if you have a narrow hallway this will work otherwise do n't waste your money
 I purchased a package after reading all the reviews . However , I was very disappointed after receiving the package . The diapers are very heavy , thick , and inflexible . My baby hated putting them on . He screams while trying to take them off . -LRB- He is only 7 months old -RRB- . He calmed down right after I took off the diaper . We are living in a very humid environment and this diaper does n't fit the weather at all . Also it is so bulky and difficult to dry . Buy some light ones ... I tried the Thirsties ... and my baby seems like it better .
 I used Kushies ulta diapers for over 6 months . When it was time to move from the infant size to toddler size , I decided to try another AIO brand . It is important to share with anyone searching for a cloth diaper , that I did extensive research prior to buying Kushies . I read all the bad reviews , but due to the good reviews , and the affordability , I choose to try them out.The first thing I noticed was that the outer covers rubbed on the inner part of my daughters legs . So , I bought a pack of the basic cloth diapers , the ones that velcro but have no outer cover , they are just soft cotton . These soaked through all of her clothes . I bought one of the kushies diaper covers , it ripped in the first wash , so I never got to try it out . I ended up by Thirsties covers , which are soft and worked very well leak wise . I then noticed that a slight odor never came out of the diapers . I was soaking and washing the diapers just as kushies instructed . I tried different soaps , even charlie 's all natural soap , that advertises that it will get any smell out . The smell persisted . And my daughter still got rashes with the Kushies . So , when it was time to move up a size , I decided to try another brand.I just purchased Fuzzi Bunz AIO perfect size diapers -LRB- 12pack FuzziBunz Perfect Size Diapers - Gender Neutral Colors MEDIUM . WHAT A DIFFERENCE ! They were a little higher in price , but I did get them on sale and so worth the extra money . They are so soft on the outside and inside . My daughter does n't get rub marks on the inside of her legs and no rashes . The care is by far easier than the kushies as well . You do n't soak , you use the dry pail method . The poop comes right off the micro fleece , no bending over the toilet with gloves , scrubbing poop . They dry almost twice as fast as the kushies and the snaps work way better than velcro . Not only did my daughter constantly un-do the velcro , but even after you fasten the velcro together , the diapers come out of the wash all strung together . No smell yet -LRB- it 's only been a couple weeks -RRB- . They do n't leak , they even do well at night , which is a true test with my daughter -LRB- she 's a heavy wetter at night , she also sleeps 12 hours -RRB- . I really have to say micro fleece is 10 times better than the cotton . Not only for the easy clean up , but my daughter seems to move better , and no rashes . Sometimes I have to use a disposable diaper , and she usually will start to get a rash with just one disposable . I put the Fuzzi Bunz on her , and at the next diaper change , all redness is completely gone . I highly recommend a micro fleece diaper.You will read review after review about AIO 's not fitting snuggly . They do n't , and it 's just something you have to deal with when using cloth diapers , but it 's a small trade off compared to all the good benefits . The fuzzi bunz do n't fit any more snug than the Kushies . It may be because I probably could have gotten by with the small rather than a medium , but I did n't want to chance it.Overall , I would never recommend Kushies to anyone after trying just one other brand . I am not one of those people that likes to write bad reviews , but with AIO 's we are all making a pretty big investment and want the best for our babies , so I felt it important to write this review for other potential first time cloth diaper buyers . I would n't want anyone to go through what I did for 6 months , and I really am kicking my self for taking the more wallet friendly option . Spend the extra bucks , it will be worth it .
 This diaper is so bulky that most of my one year old 's pants do not fit over them . They also seem to make her walk funny . I was sold on the great price and good reviews , but I feel like I wasted money and now I still have to go and buy the more expensive diapers.On a positive note , they do hold a lot of wetness and seem to dry faster in the dryer than other AIO 's .
 These diapers are a lot of trouble when it comes laundry time . They have to be fastened inside out in order to really get them clean , it takes forever to get them dry at least an hour maybe more , and when they are dry you have to work them back into shape before using them again . They are the least expensive AIO diaper , but I would definitely recommend paying more for a better diaper .
 Our baby is 8 weeks old , and every time we 've had a poop leak , it 's been with these diapers . All our other cloth diapers are separate diaper and cover , so I ca n't say whether the problem is the Kushies AIOs , or AIOs in general . But , whichever it is , a poop leak is a poop leak , and I do NOT recommend these diapers . We 've stopped using ours completely . We 've been happy with Kissaluvs diapers with Bummis wraps .
 no diapers seem to work for my baby toby ! I have tried everything imaginible to the point where I was just about to give up on diapers for him , ya know ? just let him go naked . Well I brought these home and they gave my baby toby these terrible rash 's all over his face even though I did n't even put them on his face and I had rubbed plants all over his face to feed him ... but ya know what I give UP !!!
 Like a lot of other reviewers , I was wooed by the fact that these All In Ones seemed so easy and were so much cheaper than other All In Ones . I -LRB- stupidly -RRB- bought a complete set of newborn and infant sizes before my son was even born . Even the newborn size did n't fit him for weeks , even though he was born at seven pounds . They 're way thicker than seems necessary and very stiff , which both makes them hard to get on properly and seems restrictive to the baby . Once we did get them to fit , we found that they only contain maybe as much as one or two light pees before leaking , both up the front , so that there 's a pee-line around the tummy , and at the legs . And forget about them containing poop -- just forget it . I do n't think we ever had one successfully contained poop the entire time we used these . The issue , as you can see just by looking at these diapers , is that the legs are designed poorly . The elastic there is stiff , rather than stretchy , and the crotch is too narrow . Plus , the seam between the cotton ` liner ' and the waterproof ` cover ' sits on the outside of the diaper as the baby wears it . That means that the cotton can absorb the pee and poo , and transfer it to clothes . There 's really no cover at all.Lastly , they do take forever to dry -- two dryer cycles , even with a towel . Maybe this is to be expected with such a thick , heavy object , but it 's still an inconvenience . And even if you do fasten the velcro to the tabs , it comes undone and the diapers become a tangle in the washer -- I had to spend at least ten minutes separating them from one another each time.Spend more money and get something that works .
 I 'm sorry to report that I do not like these diapers at all . When I first ventured into the world of cloth diapers , I was appalled at how expensive they can be so I was delighted to find Kushies since they are such a reasonable price . However , I have found them to be more trouble than they are worth . I had many leaking issues with our girls ; if I tried to make them as tight as possible to prevent leaking , they left marks on the girls ; they got worn out within several months and started to tear at the seams ; they are very bulky , etc. I also tried a cheaper brand called Mother-Ease and I would recommend those if you 're trying to not spend too much money , but also do n't want to have leaking issues . But if you are lucky enough , try to find some of the really good brands second-hand/used . I just found 8 Fuzzi Bunz cloth diapers with 8 Hemp liners for only $ 5 DOLLARS at a yard sale !!! What a steal ?!? And they are AWESOME ! I can see why they are so expensive brand new because they seem to work great and they have long life and they are not bulky at all - they fit just like a disposable diaper!Sorry Kushies !!!
 I hate these . The `` all-in-one '' thing sounds great , but because they are so thick I have to run them through the dryer at least twice on the normal heat setting . -LRB- The instructions recommend using the low heat setting , but they never dry that way ! -RRB- For this reason they are not cost effective at all . The disposables hold MUCH more without leaking . I use cloth diapers , liners and covers that will wash and dry separately . It 's just as easy to use as these , and they dry much better .
 We got these at a recommendation from a couple in our birthing class . We only bought one pack . For the price , we wanted to see if we liked them before making a large investment . Our son was premature , so our newborn Kushies were too large for him until he reached about 6 and 1/2 pounds , despite the fact that they were sized 4 to 10 pounds . I found that though well made and wash friendly , they are very leaky . I much prefer the used velcro wraps and cloth diapers we got from a friend . They NEVER leak . At night , because we do n't change our son as frequently , to keep away diaper rash we use disposables , which are also leaky . The covers we got from a friend , can be used around the disposables , which keeps our son 's clothing and sheets dry all night . I have since found another cloth diapering system that is virtually leak proof . I recommend buying several types before investing heavily into one CD system .
 EVen though the feedbacks said they were bulky , I bought it . and they were right ! My twins hate them and I would never recommend these diapers to anybody .
 I bought 3 dozen of each size to cloth diaper my daughter.Pros :1 . No diaper cover needed.Cons :1 . Drying takes FOREVER2.Didn ' t see the savings -LRB- from running the dryer 2-3x each load -RRB- 3 . Big Time diaper rashes . Even though I frequently changed my baby .4 . Constant leaking out the sides of diapers , urine and BM ` sAfter discovering Fuzzi Bunz and Wonderoos -LRB- one size pocket diapers -RRB- . I Ebay 'd all my Kooshies . And could n't be happier.I would n't recommend this diaper system . Look into Fuzzi Bunz or Wonderoo 's you 'll be much happier .
 We bought some of these in the newborn and infant sizes before our first daughter was born . We quickly found that the newborn ones are useless , as no matter what combination of liner and diaper you use , the poop will get out of the diaper . Later , the infant ones became part of our cloth diaper rotation only as back-ups and only for use at home . The reason is that the legs lack proper gussets , so urine leeches directly from the lining of the diaper onto whatever clothing the little one is wearing . If your baby is still in the liquid poop stage , the legs completely fail to keep it in . The most absorbent , leak-proof , inexpensive , and eco-friendly option we 've found is a combination of bamboo terry squares -LRB- fastened with Snappies -RRB- , Kushies cotton liners , and Little Beetle one-size wool covers . If you want an all-in-one that wo n't turn you off cloth diapers forever , spend more money to get something good . -LRB- I 've heard great things about Bum Genius , for example . -RRB-
 I bought this diaper on a reference from a friend , I thought `` what a deal '' but it really is `` to good to be true '' . I was not pleased at first with how tight I had to make it on my daughter just to make it snug around her leg , we often have leaks in that area . After she grew a little more they became better . After only having and using them for four months they are begining to have holes in them near the legs and waist . the velcro is curling and I must change her with in 3 hours other wise her clothes get wet at the waist . I have taken care of them as the maker suggests . I find it upsetting and disappointing that choosing to make a change from disposable to cloth for many reasons including cost and this is not a cost effective diaper , I do n't see it lasting one child or even many more months . I am just very unhappy with this purchase . I only use them at home so if I need I have whatever I need here at my finger tips , extra clothes , etc. .
 I 'm a first time mom & really wanted to go cloth . The Kushies had some decent reviews , so I put them on my registry & rec 'd a 5pack . Tried them out when my daughter was 11lbs -LRB- well within the 10-22lb wt limit -RRB- . My daughter has a habit of peeing right when you change her , which is what she did in these diapers & they LEAKED EVERYWHERE !! I contacted Kushies to see about help , they informed me she was in their opinion a heavy wetter or I must be letting her sit in them for a long time for her to leak that much . -LRB- um not when she 's only been sitting in the diaper for 5 minutes -RRB- . I followed the instructions for care , washed them before sticking them on her & there is just not enough elasticity around her legs , pee comes right out!I HATE these diapers , hoping I can sell them on ebay or trade w / someone in my cloth diaper group for some Bum Genius or ANYTHING ELSE ! I 'm shocked so many people like these diapers ; I 've had ZERO leaks w / disposables , & even using the old fashioned cloth w / the plastic panties has worked , these diapers just SUCK !
 Not a very good cloth diaper . The inserts are very inefficient in pulling moisture away from the baby 's bottom . This can result in diaper rashes . You might as well use prefolds and use a cover and save LOTS of money rather than use these diapers.Besides all the leaks with this diaper , they are really stiff . I wanted to like this diaper , but am very disappointed . We are much happier with Happy Heiny 's and BumGenius for All-In-Ones .
 I was really hoping these would work as they are pretty cheap as far as cloth goes . Unfortunately they leak like crazy , little bits seeped out on a lot of my daughter 's jammies right off the bat and major leaks as soon as she started having good size bm 's , within two weeks or so it was really bad.So I decided to just use an additional cover and they are HUGE on a little newborn body , and my baby is not that small . I did try the technique that one reviewer specified on how to fit the diaper , which helped but did not stop the leaks . I had an 81/2 pound baby and with this diaper and the cover she actually wo n't fit in most newborn size pajamas ! Very disappointed .
 I ordered a few of these on rec of a friend . she must never have tried bumgenius or others . these were so bad i returned the rest of the ones i ordered . heavy and felt wet at first pee . not a good product . read my full review at themommablog.info
 I have used cloth diapers for all three of my children , starting with prefolds for the oldest -LRB- now 8 yo -RRB- , and adding pockets and AIO with my now 2 yo . I have gone through several different brands and have a good understanding of what makes a good cloth diaper , and what just is n't good enough . I 've never been completely dissatisfied with a diaper - I still use all of the ones I 've bought , though I use the pocket diapers more like a diaper cover and just wrap them over a soaker.That being said , I needed to add to my collection once I had 2 little ones in diapers . I did n't want to spend the money on a whole new set of expensive cloth diapers -LRB- bumgenius AIO , Thirsties AIO , & GroVia AIO are my favorites -RRB- . I knew these probably would n't be the best diapers , but I figured they could n't be that bad , and for so much less than most other diapers I thought it was worth a try . I was wrong . These diapers are HORRIBLE . Instead of PUL with an absorbent lining like most diapers , these are some sort of vinyl with a dense flannel lining . The flannel is not very absorbent , so these leak , and what it does absorb stays against the baby 's skin , causing irritation and a horrible diaper pail smell as soon as it 's even the slightest bit wet . Again , I have cloth diapered for years , and I pretty much have the whole system down . I 've recommended different types of diapers to people depending on their time/budget needs , and this is the first diaper I would very strongly recommend AGAINST . They are the only ones I have stopped using with my boys ; I prefer prefolds with a cover over these worthless things.Pros : Cheapsomewhat trimmer than more absorbent cloth diapersCons : Stiff and uncomfortableNot very absorbentleakyfunky smell -LRB- retains odors , even after washing -RRB-
 I have been using these Kushies cloth diapers for 2 months now . My son is now 6 months old . They only last about two hours before I have to change him . If I wait longer than that , his clothes get damp from pee soaking through the diaper . I never use them when I am out and about or know that he will be somewhere where people might want to hold him . The last thing people want is to have a pee stain on their clothes after holding a baby . I feel that the pee soaks through so fast because the cotton inside layer sticks out the sides around his legs . I have found that Flips cloth diapers and Mommy 's Touch cloth diapers work best.Mango Snap Easy Clean Pocket One Size Cloth Diaper by Mommy 's Touch with Microfiber InsertorFlip Individual
 Kushies ultras were the first cloth diaper we tried for our daughter . We liked the appeal of an all-in-one , and we liked the velcro closures.Well , it was a disaster.We tried week after week , trying to see if her legs would get a bit chunkier , but they 'd never fit into the diapers , even after she was well into the weight guideline . The crotch was too narrow , and the legs gaped , so everything would leak whenever she was on her side.Even if we 'd been able to get a good fit , the diapers took two trips through the dryer to dry and would form giant `` diaper snakes '' in the wash with all the velcro catching on everything.We switched to Fuzzi Bunz brand diapers , and realized that cloth diapering can be easy and convenient.There are plenty of good diapers on the market . It 's too bad BRU has gone with such a dud . If I was a conspiracy theorist , I 'd say it was a plot to sell more Pampers . : - -RRB- In all fairness , Kushies are cheap , and if they work well for you , that 's great . They just did not work well for us at all .
 The Kushies All-in-ones do n't contain runny stools well , nor are they very absorbant . A DSQ pre-fold held with pins or a snappi works better . The Kushies Classic diaper is less likely to leak and more absorbant fitted diaper .
 I bought these diapers for my 2 month old after reading great reviews . The infant size is listed for 10-22 pounds , which is quite a range in weight . My daughter currently weighs 13 pounds and these diapers are just enormous on her . I pulled them up as high as they would go -LRB- nearly to her armpits -RRB- and the leg holes were still gaping around her thighs.I do think these will be fabulous once she is a little bigger .
 I started out diapering my son with Kushies Ultra AIOs when he was about three weeks old . I did n't like them because :1 . They took EONS to dry .2 . They leaked out of the legs . My son has fat little thighs and they still gaped .3 . My son got horrible diaper rash from the cold , clammy wet cotton being up against his bum.The only thing I like about Kushies is that they are easily accessible to people who might be interested in cloth diapering but really have no idea where to start.Long story short , I ebayed them and bought Fuzzi Bunz . We are both so much happier ! Fuzzi Bunz are more adjustable , not much more expensive , and dry in just a few hours of hanging indoors . And the pesky diaper rash went away with the Kushies !
 I did n't even use these diapers . I could n't get past the fact that they felt like big , heavy , hard , plastic bags . I 'm surprised so many people are happy with them . I was also not happy with the bulkiness of these diapers . I have since purchased Bumgenius , Happy Heiny and Mommy 's Touch brands . The B.G. and H.H. are pocket diapers and the M.T. is an AIO . I have been very happy with these instead .
 Before my baby was born I thought I 'd love these , but it turns out that I really , really do n't . First of all they are extremely bulky which is n't very conducive to a baby learning to crawl and develop their muscles well because it forces their legs so far apart.My baby pees a lot and I just do n't see it worth putting these great big things into the wash after she just peed . I go through 17 diapers a day -LRB- because I change her immediately -RRB- . At this price this is WAY too expensive . I 've found using liners and just five covers works great for me . And seventeen of these would n't even fit in my washer every day.If your baby is a frequent pee-er you might want to consider using something else .
 Read the reviews and thought this would be a good value since the Bum Genius 4.0 2pack is 35.99 for 2 . For that , it deserves 2 stars . However , in this case , we got what we paid for . The velcro straps are too firm and scratchy , and rides up on the baby if she 's sitting up straight . The diaper is also very clunky , even for a re-usable . The outside material feels like a cheap swim suit and is not as soft as it should be for a baby 's skin . The insert also leaked on the first use . I have had 2 pairs of the bum genius diapers and they have not leaked since our baby was a newborn , and still do not leak to this day . The inserts are much more absorbent and the material overall is much softer . The packaging says it 's for 10-25lbs but I honestly do n't think this product would be appropriate for any baby under 15 lbs . It 's bigger , yet less absorbent than the Bum Genius . I would not recommend this product to other parents .
 I was set on using cloth diapers for our first baby , and was pleased to find that the highly rated Kooshies were available at Babies ' R Us . I bought two packages of the infant sized all-in-ones , and each one unravelled or frayed during the first washing ! Fortunately , I did not have a problem returning them for store credit . I purchased Bumkins all-in-ones at another online store , and have been thoroughly satisfied with them . I recommend to those who choose cloth diapers , to pay the extra $ and get Bumkins which will last . I also have found the Bumkins to be extremely absorbent and have yet to experience leaks during the 8 weeks I 've been using them .
 I do n't like anything about these diapers . My baby always had a rash due to the urine touching the skin . They do n't wick the moisture away from the babies skin . The diaper is so bulking , my baby could n't wear pants . Touching the inside of the soiled diaper could not be avoided . The bowel movements do n't stay in the diaper . I had to throw them away .
 We got these and almost did not use after a few leeks with them . They do not absorb and do not stay around the baby legs at all.Otherwise are very pretty looking .
 I recently was given several of these diapers to try out and I have to say , that after trying several other brands I think I will stick these diapers at the bottom of the pile.Although they ARE inexpensive , you also have to change them more frequently , so dollar for dollar the other brands are more cost effective.The inside of these diapers are made with a cotton flannel material and it does NOT wick away the moisture like a fleece fabric would . I actually insert my own fleece liner when using these . The flannel material soaks up the moisture quickly , but again it stays wet against the skin.The pocket they use is sewn in the back and it flaps around . I 'm not sure what the intent of this is , but on the flap there is a place to insert the Kushies liners . Here 's the problem
 I was so disappointed when these arrived , they were so large and bulky on my toddler and the velcro did n't hold up . They have become my back up diapers for laundry day . Id never order them again .
 They are nice looking , but not as convenient as cloth diapers . they recommend that you purchase liners for them as well , which I had , but there are built in liners that are not removable . they do not dry well in the dryer , and they are super bulky . We stick to using cloth diapers , and only use these at night with a cloth diaper underneath in case of late night accidents .
 loved cloth , nice patterns , cost good , leaked urine . The fit was fine but found them to leak urine onto cloyhing and bedding even after short periods of wearing . Felt like they still needed rubber pants .
 I bought a 5-pack of these , in addition to the disposable liners and the extra-absorbing liners that were supposed to work overnight.I tried them on my daughter one day , when she was 3 months old . I put an extra absorbing liner in , two disposable liners , then even added some rubber pants on the outside . Not only was the diaper so big and bulky that , if she were able to crawl , I doubt she could have , but within 2 hours she was soaking wet even through the rubber pants . And she did n't even poop!Now that she 's eating solid foods and drinking less milk , they may be more effective -LRB- I have no desire to try them again to see ... -RRB- , but they 're supposed to be useful from birth.I felt it was a complete waste of $ 75 -LRB- the diapers plus all the liner costs -RRB- . I 'm all for saving the environment , but if I used these I 'd have to change her every hour . It may help the environment , but doing all that laundry would create a drought where I live .
 Most mothers looking to buy cloth diapers for their child are not going to waste their time buying `` 5 '' diapers at a time . I used cloth diapers on all of my children throughout , and choosing anything less than around 3-4 dozen cloth diapers , per baby , would be something only an inexperienced cloth diapering mother would consider doing.Nevertheless , all -LRB- 3 -RRB- of my daughters used cloth diapers on their kids , and not one of them even considered using these cloth diapers in their households . All -LRB- 3 -RRB- including my daughter-in-law all used ordinary pin and fold cotton cloth diapers with rubber pants and diaper pins.They had my full support !
 I own the papasan swing so I went out and bought the seat thinking it would be equally good . I call the swing my baby sitter , it is fantastic . The seat is really cozy and my son loves the mirror . My main complaints are that the music and vibration turn off and it is too short . My son is not that tall and his little feet hit the bar at the bottom . The aquatic seat is longer and will run continuously . That said , I still use the seat I just wo n't be able to use it for as long as I would have liked .
 I agree with many of the reviews that the seat is cozy and plush for a newborn . We registered for it because it does n't look garish in our small condo , and because it looks so comfy for a newborn . My daughter was never really soothed by the vibration/music feature , but it 's a good place to put her when I need to take a shower or prepare her bath . However , when we washed the cover , the padding MELTED in the dryer . There is no warning about this anywhere -- only a weak mention of drying on low heat -- and Fisher Price should be a little more explicit about the potential for this problem . Given the price for it and the short term use of it , I was hoping to pass it onto one of my several friends who are expecting , but now it 's not in any shape to share .
 This bouncer is cute , but you could n't care less about `` cute '' when you have an upset baby on your hands ... you just want something that works . This bouncer has never worked as a soothing tool for our daughter . I mostly used it to set her in while I used the bathroom or showered -LRB- a very quick shower -RRB- . My daughter was too tall for it at 2 month old . The control box is situated between the babies feet , and she hits the box every time she kicks it -LRB- that might explain why she wo n't sit in it for more than 5 minutes -RRB- . It would be helpful if this bouncer had adjustable strap slots to move up as the baby grows . There is a ton of room above my daughter 's head , but her feet hang off the bottom . Like others have said , it is does not move and it vibrates , but does not bounce . The vibration is very gentle , so much so that I do n't think my daughter even notices it . My baby wo n't even look at the toy or mirror that go with the bouncer ... they do n't do anything but hang there , and it is n't enough to grab her attention . I wish I would have gotten a bouncer that actually bounces and has better activities . We never put on the music , because the singing voice is really creepy . The bouncer does fold up for storage , but it is still really wide ... it does not fit through my bathroom doorway .
 After seeing Baby Papasan Infant Seat in a magazine , I had to have it ! It looked like the most comfortable place for a baby to be ! We purchased it in October 2005 and our son was born in November . Unfortunately , much like another reviewer , our son prefers to bounce , swing or rock rather than just sit and vibrate . Also , when we bought the seat it did not come with the mobile . I guess that 's new for 2006 . -LRB- Maybe other babies were board too . -RRB- Unless your baby just loves to sit still and vibrate , do n't waste your money on this seat.However , we also bought the Baby Papasan Cradle Swing and I recommend it highly ! I will review it as well and give it 5 stars -LRB- more if I could -RRB- . It 's wonderful and well worth the price . It is a cradle swing so it swings side to side and front to back . Our son loves to listen to the music and nature sounds as well as watch the mobile and see the birds go round and round . He falls asleep everytime which is nice because he has reflux and there are very few positions in which he is comfortable .
 Fortunately , our friends lent us their Papasan before we bought one of our own . It 's upright position , the shortness -LRB- even for our newborn -RRB- from head to toe and the fact that it 's completely stationary with zero movement besides the vibration gave us only a few minutes before our newborn would scream to get out of it . It looks completely comfortable , but our little one proved us wrong . We went right out and purchased a Carter 's Cradle and Soothe Bouncer . Not only is it extremely versatile , allowing us to fully recline it for our infant to nap in , but it also has an upright position so when she 's awake , she can see us and look around . The music and vibration are bonus features as well as the adorable activity bar . An added benefit is that it comes in two colors , blue or pink ! How fun ! We love the fact that it lives up to its name as it does `` cradle '' our baby and make her feel as she 's being held . With this being our third child , we know the importance of being able to actually `` bounce '' a baby while they 're sitting in one of these . Additionally , the length lends us to believe she wo n't outgrow this as fast as she would the Papsan . This completely outshines the stationary and limited Papasan . With both at $ 49.99 , make the right choice and opt for the Carter 's brand that has many more options for your little one .
 This was not a very wise purchase on my part . I wish I 'd done a little more research when looking for a bouncer -LRB- why this even comes up in a search for bouncers is beyond me ... it does n't bounce ! -RRB- . My son only used this a handful of times . The vibrating made him instantly upset , and while it 's a nice feature that the music shuts off on it 's own , there should be a setting to make it stay on for longer if you so choose . There was NO bouncing with this chair , so he just kind of sat there ... bored . I used it more as a place to set him while I did a quick chore or two around the house . In the end I think this chair is WAY overpriced for what it is ... basically a stationary seat with some very soft cushions and a little vibration and music . I say pass ... you can find better for cheaper .
 I must say that every child is different so I am jufdging this product according to what I could experience with my newborn daughter . I chose this item thinking it was a bouncer but IT IS NOT . It does n't bounce it vibrates which is different . Some babies love the vibrating sensation but my daughter did not . I tried a friends bouncer and she slept beautifully there . Unfortunately , you have to try it before you get it , and I say unfortunatelly because how are you going to try something unless you buy it or borrow it from someone .
 I ordered this for my newborn and it 's just ok . The biggest complaint I have is that it does n't bounce at all . Which if I had read the description of the product better I would have noticed that . My child is two months now and I do n't see him being able to fit in this two months from now . The leaf with the mirror has n't been noticed by my baby . On the upside , he is pretty snug in the seat and it folds up nicely . I propbably would n't have bought this if I had it to do over again . I 'd have looked for something else .
 My daughter never really liked this seat , the vibrations , music , etc. . I 'd recommend getting one that actually bounces ! And/or comes with a toy bar for something to look at/play with . This seat is just a comfy place to put a newborn ! You could create this with a few blankets -- do n't waste the money . Plus , our boxer thought it would be a good place to sleep once and I could NEVER get the dog hair out of the fleece ... even after several washings .
 It is only my opinion , but this seat was to expensive and my baby does not like it at all . I bought this for a means of having a place to put my baby to get some moments of free time , I know no baby is alike but mine will NOT sit in this for more than a minute , it really does nothing you can barely feel it move and the music only got his attention the very first time he sat in it . the mirror and rabbitt dont do anything for him , I wish I had saved the money and bought the swing in this collection .
 While this seat looks and feels incredibly comfortable , and plays a soothing little lullaby , my son does n't like it . He 's kind of a restless baby in general , and the vibration alone just does n't cut it - he prefers a bouncy seat or swing with bigger motions .
 THIS CHAIR DOES NOT BOUNCE IT IS VERY STIFF AND THE VIBRATING DID N'T DO A THING FOR MY CHILD . I HAVE ANOTHER CHAIR SIMILIAR BUT IT BOUNCES AND HAS A LITTLE MASSAGER FOR THE BACK THAT ONE IS A LIFE SAVER HE GOES RIGHT TO SLEEP IN IT . THE ONE I LIKE IS FISHER PRICE .
 I wanted this papsan to match the cradle swing ... I ended up getting both , my daughter liked the papsan until she was about 2 weeks old ... never liked the vibrations or the music ... but , once she got a taste of the swing , the papsan sat in the closet . I 'm planning on letting her use it for her baby dolls when she is older . Not worth $ 50 .
 My son hates this bouncer seat . I thought it looked like it would be comfortable for a newborn . It was n't . My son is now 8 months old . He never enjoyed this chair at any age . I ended up borrowing a seat that actually bounces not just vibrates from my sister . He loved that chair . I also own the baby papasan swing . I highly reccomend the swing . But do n't waste your money on this bouncer .
 This swing does not swing , it hardly moves when turned on . I am very unhappy with my purchase and wish I had not ordered this product online . It is impossible to get it back into the box once assembled and by the time I would get my money back for it my baby will have grown out of it .
 I am a first time parent and my sister told me that this was not a good product . I bought it anyway and I have regreted spending the money on it every time I have used it .
 I would say the only good thing about this bouncer is it 's looks . It IS IMO the cutest bouncer , with it 's natural theme and neutral colors . I have the matching swing and yada , yada , yada . Unfortunately the buck stops there . Here is what I do n't like ... ~ It 's expensive compared to other bouncers . ~ It is bulky and not travel friendly . ~ The vibrating setting automatically shuts off after 5 minutes -LRB- if my DS was asleep , he wakes up -RRB- . ~ It does not allow you to put other toys on . ~ It 's round shape is not as cozy as the longer shaped bouncers.I also have this bouncerBright Starts Musical Melodies Bouncer -LRB- thank goodness someone gifted it to me -RRB- which I take everywhere in my car . It 's the opposite of everything I said above -LRB- except it is more expensive -RRB- , plus not only does it vibrate it actually bounces . When the baby kicks his legs because he 's bored/fustrated it bounces him thus soothing him ! I use this bouncer a lot and used the other one maybe 3 times . I also like theFisher-Price Ocean Wonders Aquarium Bouncer . My friend has it and it does everything mine does but I think it actually has a better toy for a much less expensive price . My son loves to watch the display on that one .
 please do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this product . I love the swing and highly recommend the brand but this seat is a waste . I have twins and currently own 6 bouncy seats . These are by far the WORST product that I have come across from FP . I think as adults we look at it and think `` Hmmmm fluffy and comfy -- if I was a baby thats where I would want to be '' . There are two main issues with this chair1 . most babies -LRB- 7 of the 8 I know -RRB- grow out of this in three months2 . the vibration turns off after 15 minutes and most babies wake upbuy the Sensory Selections bouncer by FP . I am still using it 6 months later . Everyone that bought the papasan chair that I know is upset at the high cost and low functionality . Two other mommys subsequently bought the Sensory selections oneTry to find a used one if you really think that it is great . The whole thing is washable so you do n't have to worry about cleaning another kids germs off
 I fell in love with how comfy this seat looked , registered for it and got it at my shower . My daughter hated it . She had to be asleep before even being put in it . There is no motion other than the vibration so after about 1 month old she did n't want to be in it ! We have the Papasan swing which is the best gift we received ! It plays music that is beautiful and has a mirror with birds that spin around it , she will lay in the swing and stare and then fall asleep when tired . The papasan seat does n't do enough ! I would recommend getting a bouncer that actually bounces and has something to look at !
 I 'm sure this sunscreen is great , but I bought it thinking my 2 year old would sit quietly as I applied it . Not the case . I went to Walgreens and bought a spray sun screen that works much better for a wiggly toddler .
 Product was damaged so I did n't even unpack it . I ca n't get anyone from Badger Basket Inc to contact me back . The productBadger Basket White Elegance Round Baby Bassinet with White Waffle and Pink Beddinglooks cheap from what i see .
 I ordered the white on white eyelet and instead got the white waffle with pink trim . This is not o.k. and can not find any way to get the skirt exchanged . I have to send the entire bassinet back to the company . This is not o.k. Further the skirt is made in such a way that I can not remove the pink ribbon . I am furious . Further I am unable to even find a way to simply order a replacement skirt ! Help - shopping on the computer is difficult or worse .
 This bag is a very gross color of brown . The pink and the brown do not even go with each other . The bag also has a black strap making this a very un-coordinated product . Returned it for something else .
 The bag is great ! Lots of pockets are nice . However , Amazon failed to send me the portable changing pad that goes with the bag ! This was big selling point for me to buy the bag , and they did n't even include it with the bag . I was disappointed with Amazon 's performance .
 I ca n't fit much in this bag without the magnetic closures popping open . The stitching on the liner on the inside that seperates compartments came undone after less than a year and is flimsy . I 've got two in diapers now and there is no way I can continue with this one any more . Three diapers , a half empty bag of Kirkland wipes , one change of clothes , and an insulator pack for breast milk , prooved to be too much for the main compartment . Pockets for the bottle and a water bottle on the sides are the only perks I can put on here , but most diaper bags have that , sooooo ... I think I 've said enough .
 These appliques made the nursery look absolutely awesome - in the beginning . About 4 months after I put them up , they started peeling off the walls , and they are not reusable as the description says ! I have followed all the directions and now half of them are in the trash ! If you 're looking for something temporary , go for it , but I was wanting something to last at least a couple of years . My review in the beginning have it 5 stars because the room looked awesome . Now , I give it 2 stars because they barely lasted 6 months !
 It 's expensive , and Inglesina has become terrible about customer service . At this price , buy almost anything else .
 I have to say that I was really excited about this bag after reading the review , but was completely disappointed after receiving it and using it once . The hard sides made it uncomfortable to carry and the zippers stuck on it , making it frustrating to get in and out of . I quickly decided this was not the bag for me and sold it on ebay .
 Great if you are looking for a short term , cheap product , but you get what you pay for . when ours came , it was already cracking on the folds - its that cheap plastic-like material . doesnt seem like it would last long .
 The item has a design flaw , it 's well documented -LRB- front legs do not snap and lock in a position -RRB- . Amazon should not sell this until it 's corrected .
 Length :
 The walker is advertised for 4 months and up . Our little one is 5 months old , normal height and is still not close to reaching the floor . Maybe it should be call the hovercraft - because that 's all baby can do on this . To add insult to injury , it was difficult to fold up when we realized we had to put it away for a couple more months . If your 4-5 month old baby is Wilt Chamberlain Jr. , go for it , otherwise hold off . Boo !!!
 Under the lid you have the two legs that hold it up well the right one would n't snap so it kept on falling while the baby was sitting in it .
 I just purchased this walker for my grandson and had it shipped to my daughter 's address . It had 2 left feet and it can not be assembled . My daughter has contacted the company and she has to return the seat , and was told then they would ship another walker . Very disappointing and who knows how long this will take .
 This item is useless as baby ca n't touch ground nor reach any of the toys . Ours is sitting in the garage as we could n't take it apart to return .
 Received this as a gift and only used it a few times with one child , and the seat broke . Called Saftey 1st and they want $ 20 + to replace the seat .
 TOO tall ! This just was n't workable for our infant/toddler who was quite tall actually . We were really disappointed we even put other babies in it and not a one of them could get their feet to touch the ground . I have to assume the people who designed this just did n't have kids !
 I purchased this walker for my six month old daughter . The first one I received , the `` legs '' of the walker would n't stay snapped into place . They would actually spring out and the whole thing would collapse even without the walker having any weight or being touched at all . I exchanged that item thinking that it just must have been defective , and the next walker I received had the exact same problem - except this time , it stayed together long enough for me to put my daughter in it until it collapsed and dumped her facefirst onto the floor , terrified and screaming . Needless to say , I do n't recommend this item .
 Safety 1st & Doral Juvenile Products do not support their products . We have a walker -LRB- not this exact model -RRB- which is 13 months old -LRB- based on their own manuf date code ! -RRB- One of the back weeks fell off and is lost . When contacted about replacement , they only replace the FRONT coaster wheels . When pressed for a reason , they could only say that rear wheels are manufacturer installed and are not meant to be replaced by consumers . So I guess that means - WE ARE SCREWED . Stay away from this company and their products
 I purchased 2 of these baby walkers and was very disappointed at the quality of the product . once i got the package and i wanted to return it but the shipping was almost as much as the walker . it came together pretty easy , but the high was not adjustable . the back wheels was fixed and ca n't turn . only the front wheels trun . its too bid and took too much room .
 This was a nice diaper pail and I was really excited to see it had a foot pedal to open the lid . However , when it arrived I saw how TINY it was ! I would fill this pail up in one day no problem . We sent it back to get a bigger version with no foot pedal .
 The product description says this pail `` Uses standard plastic bags '' . I received the product and none of the bags I had or had ordered specifically for it fit . Would have been helpful to have the capacity noted in gallons like every other pail , but this one did n't and I had to send it back - which was quite a pain because I had discarded the box and had to wait in line at the post office . No UPS returns for this - it had to be the post office .
 Update
 This pail seems to be great at keeping odors at bay , but does not hold even a days worth of cloth diapers for us . I ended up buying a regular trash can with a lid .
 this pail is tiny . i use fuzzi bunz cloth diapers and maybe 6 would fit in there . just did not work out . Instead just bought a nice aluminum auto open trash can . looks nice and holds a lot .
 This pail could be bigger . I was surprised at how small it actually is when it arrived . The one thing I disliked the most was the foot pedal that opens the lid . The pedal is narrow and works best if you have a very small foot . If you wear slippers to keep your feet warm your foot might be too large to fit into the pedal area . The pail will scoot away from you as you try to fit your foot into the pedal to open the lid , which can be very frustrating during diaper changes . The pail is very low to the ground . It is not really large enough for those who cloth diaper . If it was about six inches taller and 4 inches wider it would be a much more sufficient size . Also , the pedal mechanism needs to be larger and deeper to accommodate larger feet , especially for dads . With some small improvements this pail could be very promising . We are looking for a larger pail and might end up making our own out of something from Rubber Maid .
 This was a good price , but not as good as the diaper genie when it comes to smell . After putting just a few diapers in I could really smell them . Yuck !
 Really small , really cheap . Hard to put trashbags in and make them stay up . When you use your foot to open it , the pail just slides away because it is so light and cheap . You really get what you pay for . Too late for us to return , otherwise we would .
 These were terrible about keeping the odorous in . The step pedal did n't lift the lid half the time . I stopped using them after a few days
 This is a cheaply made bucket at a cheap price . Guess you get what you pay for . Top wont work with step feature , you have to open it yourself . Pretty useless . Consider a better made product .
 Do NOT buy this can if you intend to use it for cloth diapering . The top does n't open far enough to drop the diapers in . It will only lift up a few inches , then I have to bend over and lift it up the rest of the way . Not good ! Defeats the purpose of having a step/hands free pail . It is okay for now b/c my baby does n't move , but once he starts wiggling around I ca n't take my hand and eyes off of him to be fooling with the can.With a thick wet bag in it , the top does n't come off all that easy either . I could deal with this if the top opened properly.I will put it somewhere else and am ordering a new one .
 I use pocket diapers -LRB- FuzziBunz brand -RRB- . I needed a diaper pail with a foot lever and a place to put deodorizing disks . I bought this one because of the brand . Six months later , I still hate it as much as I did the first week.It 's too small . With two days ' worth of diapers in it , the lid wo n't close.Which is ironic , really , as the foot lever mechanism is so ineffective , the lid barely opens when I want it to . This means every time I have a dirty diaper , I step on that lever , the lid opens about 2-3 inches , and I then try to maneuver the dirty diaper into the pail without hitting any of the dirty diaper surfaces against the outside of the pail . Which is nearly impossible to do . So a long time ago , I just started lifting the lid up with my fingers , which creates a couple of other issues
 We bought this to use as a trash can in our babies ' room when they were a year old and starting to get into everything . I figured if it is marketed as a diaper pail it must be able to handle simply trash ! I was wrong . The pail is so light and flimsy that it flips over as soon as you hit the pedal with your foot . Nor does it close tightly . My kids were into it immediately , and we put this trash can in the trash a few days later .
 Arrived dirty and scuffed . It works fine , but . . gross . It looks like there was mold growing on the lid that someone hastily tried to wipe away .
 I purchased this pail for cloth diaper storage , but I found out after two days of usage that it is not good for it because this pail can hold only 4-5 wet cloth diapers , which not even one day 's worth of diaper supply . I think it would hardly hold one day worth of disposable diaper supply for disposable diaper user , which is only good if you want to dispose diapers everyday . Overall , I think this diaper pail is too small and only good as a secondary pail to use somewhere else in the house other than nursery .
 This does nothing to keep the smell of diapers from getting out . The lid is too thin . It is hard to take the lid off and on when emptying the pail . I bought it to have at my house when grandkids visit and did n't want to spend a lot . It was cheap and is worth less than I paid for it .
 This looked like a used item . There are some human hair in the product . Some nasty stains . Looked like poop . Very bad .
 I guess the old adage is true `` you get what you pay for '' I bought this item because I had a gift card and needed a diaper pail . I was mistaken in believing that this was a diaper pal . It 's not ! It 's just a small trash can with a compartment at the top for what I am assuming is an air freshener . This is a guess of course because no air freshener is included . That 's right , nothing but a few hole separates this from a normal trash can that can be purchased for $ 10 at your local store . Seems like an okay trash can but I will have to BUY something else to make it smell better before I but a diaper in it . Disappointing ...
 The description of this diaper pail says it locks closed , which is the reason I bought it . It does not lock . Also , it had a Safety 1st sticker on it , but the branding on the pail itself was Cosco , a brand known for its cheap baby products . I returned it .
 Nothing positive to say about this pail . I guess you can use your own bags , but a regular garbage pail would be better.Cons : Super smallDoes n't contain smellYou ca n't open it with your foot , because it just slides out from under you and falls over . I absolutely hate this.This is the one time buying things based on the rave reviews did n't work out . They must have redesigned this pail to suck . I can not see anyone who received this pail within the last couple months -LRB- May 2011 -RRB- giving this more than a one star . I only kept this pail , because I just use it for wipes . I use cloth diapers , otherwise , I would have thrown this pail out .
 MY ORIGINAL REVIEW : I read a lot of reviews on this product before purchasing . I am a disposable diaper user , and it works perfectly fine for me . Some of the reviews said that this did not `` hold enough diapers '' , especially for cloth users . I have 8 month old twins , and it holds their diapers just fine , and I prefer to empty it every day or two anyways . Some reviews said there was an odor when you open it , but there are dirty diapers in there . If you want to avoid all possible odor - the Diaper Genie II is the way to go . I had one for my -LRB- now -RRB- 5 year old daughter , and we used it on the twins until I accidentally broke it . To be honest , I was trying to be frugal and not have to buy the special bags anymore , so I just went with the traditional pail.It is what it is -- you can use regular plastic bags from the grocery store , and yes , when you open it , you will smell the odor , but for the most part , unless there is a serious blow-out diaper in there , you wo n't smell anything when closed , especially if you use the Munchkin Arm & Hammer Discs -LRB- or something similar . -RRB- I do agree with other reviewers that it seems like the pail does not open enough . It 's really not a huge issue for me , I can still get my diaper in there , but I can imagine if you use cloth diapers , which are more bulky , I can see your issue with that feature . ** REVISED Review - 8/8/11 - 11/2 months after using this product ** OK , I think I jumped the gun and gave too favorable of a review . My original review was within a week of receiving and using the product . The odor is so bad , I even went to double bagging , and bought scented -LRB- 8 gallon -RRB- bags to help with the odor . Yes , I do realize there are dirty diapers in there , but being a former Diaper Genie owner , this is just disgusting . You smell the odor -LRB- obviously -RRB- when you open/close it , which is understandable , but it lingers in the room . No amount of cleaning the pail , or spraying of Lysol , or Deoderizing Disks helps . I even emptied the bag DAILY , and it was still too smelly . I understand there is poo in there , and it 's going to smell , but after using it for a month , it got worse and worse.I have twins , and they are at Daycare 4 days a week , so this is n't even used full-time . This past weekend , I went out and bought the Diaper Genie II Elite . I am not thrilled that I have to buy the special bags , but at least my home wo n't smell like a dirty diaper pail any longer .
 It does a good job keeping the odors out . I do n't like it because every time you step on the foot pedal to put a dirty diaper in , it releases the odor . I use diaper pail bags . I empty it almost every day . Sometimes I take it out in the morning . Because the lid is open the smell will escape and makes the room smell . When the lid is closed there is no odor .
 I use cloth diapers and an elastic-top wetbag liner I figured the Safety 1st Simple Step Diaper Pail could work
 I ordered two of these to use with my 2 year old son 's cloth diapers . I use a PUL pail liner that I sewed myself . We currently have one in my son 's room and one in the bathroom . We use a diaper sprayer on the poopy diapers and then put those in one of these in the bathroom . For this purpose , I think this can is great . It 's not very big -LRB- a plus for our tiny bathroom -RRB- . I like that it has a space where you can put a baking soda disk to control smell . The pedal to open it is n't very powerful , so the lid only opens about halfway , but that 's OK . The can is really too small for my son 's wet cloth diapers in his room . I ca n't make with two days of diapers , so I think we will switch to a larger can for that purpose . We use a combination of mostly prefolds and some bumgenius , so I would guess that ours take up even less space that someone with an infant using entirely pocket diapers or all in ones .
 . . and neither of them work as they are supposed to . For being `` step '' diaper pails , they are not simple as listed , nor do they lift , which make it very difficult to even use when you have a baby in your hands . I have to bend down and throw the diaper in from the side to get it in ...
 This came in the mail off our registry today and I could n't believe they sell a diaper pail that 's the size of a small bathroom trash can . Guess I should have read the dimensions more closely ! Makes no sense to me why this is helpful when it can hardly hold anything . Especially for $ 20 for a trash can to be this tiny . I am headed out to just go buy a kitchen trash can with a lid.Also we have cloth diapers and this makes the size even more unrealistic !
 I cloth diaper and I do n't use any liner at all with this pail . I simply fill it 3/4 of the way with water , some Charlie 's soap and a couple drops of tea tree/lavender oil for odor & microbial control.I really liked it at first ! However , over time the pedal that lifts up the lid has ceased to lift the lid more than about 1/2 an inch -LRB- if that ! -RRB- . Therefore , I have to struggle with it each and every time I want to throw a dirty diaper in . Ugh . It is extremely frustrating ! If I could find something better , I 'd throw this one away . I even ran wire thru the holes that hold the foot pedal in place , to secure it better , but it just does n't work like it did at first.I am with another reviewer in wondering if the quality of the pail 's construction has deteriorated over time , because I own 2 of these -LRB- a testament to how much I liked it at first -RRB- , and on the 2nd one , the lid never did lift very well.It 's a real shame ; the manufacturer would need to make but a small adjustment to fix this fatal flaw ... . Otherwise , I think it would be a great little pail ... and I fit 3-4 days worth of toddler 's diapers in before needing to wash , so I like the size .
 Skip this diaper pail ! I have 3 children and wound up purchasing a new diaper pail for my most recent baby . Trust me , going from the diaper champ to this has been a bad decision ! We liked the diaper champ because it contained odors well and we did n't have to `` open '' it in order to put a diaper in . This new pail has a foot pedal which when pushed , quickly lifts the top of the pail causing a huge gush of stinky air to blow into the room . It 's positive points are that it is small and uses grocery bags from the store . My husband and I find this helpful because we are n't blowing through kitchen garbage bags twice as fast like we used to with the diaper champ . It is also good because using a small bag forces you to replace the bag more often . Overall , I would go with the diaper champ next time . Also , this pail came assembled incorrectly -LRB- not a huge deal -RRB- but it was also covered in dirty dust from the factory or shipping . I was kind of upset that I had to clean something that was supposed to be brand new . I love amazon and usually I 'm really satisfied with my purchases , this one was a disappointment .
 I bought it online because I wanted a small diaper pail that I can empty once a day or 2 days . Before this I owned Dekor Diaper Pail , which got rusty over 3 year use with my first kid . Safety 1st is just a cheap backet with a lid . Grocery bacgs are too small for this backet , lid does sit tightly which makes a really usless diaper pail or a trash can . Do yourself a favor , buy a regular garbage can if you want to safe money . It will look better and you can test it in so many stores instead of making a special trip to a baby store . Plus , regular trash can might cost you even less than this cheap piece of plastic . Oh , this pail will never hold any odor , for sure . By the way , Dekor does hold odor -LRB- not 100 % -RRB- mainly due to an extra lid that is always closed and opens only when a dirty diaper is pressing on it . At some point I stopped buying refills and used regular 13 gallon trash bags .
 I bought this diaper because of the good reviews however I found that it does nothing to keep out odors . I am going to purchase the odor disks I just saw on amazon . Hopefully this will help . My son 's room is very small and once I open the diaper pail his whole room begins to smell and its not like the pail is filled with dirty diapers when this occurs . I would only have 2-3 diapers in there when it begins to smell . I wish I had gone with a more expensive diaper pail because I ca n't take the odor . I hope this helps .
 I bought this pail despite the reviewers who said it was too small for cloth diapers . Well , trust them , it 's way to small for cloth , unless you want to wash every day . I found myself piling dirty diapers on top of it ! Ew ! The biggest problem is the foot pedal . Even if you 're not going to use this pail for cloth diapers , the food pedal does n't work all that well -LRB- and we had it connected correctly -RRB- . Stepping on it brings the lid up about 1 inch . Not very useful . Perhaps ours was defective . Also , grocery shopping bags are too small and kitchen trash bags are too big ! Save your money and get something bigger and better functioning .
 I researched diaper pails extensively and decided that I would try this product first since it was the least expensive . I was hoping for a low risk , high reward scenario but it did n't work out that way.The product is no different from a step-open trash can with the exception that it has a small holster in the lid to place a deodorant cartridge . If you were to buy a cheaper step-open trash can and tape a strong air-freshener to the lid you might not notice a difference from using this product . It does n't actually contain odors . It 's effectiveness is based on 2 features
 I ordered this pail after reading many reviews and was so disappointed when we received it . It is awful ! The design is so poor that it ca n't even function as a diaper pail . When you step on the pedal to open the lid , the entire pail tips over . It is so off balance that placing it against a wall does n't even solve the problem - it will flip itself over against a wall . We even tried putting a small can of paint in it to add some weight to it and hopefully prevent it from flipping over . That did n't work either ! It is quite comical . Did the designers never attempt to use this product?Maybe they changed the design recently ? Other reviewers had mentioned that the lid did n't open very much when you stepped on the foot pedal . Ours opened all the way.You ca n't easily open the lid with your hand to remedy the problem . There is no good grip on the lid to pry it open . So the flipping foot pedal is really the only option . This diaper pail is being returned .
 I ordered this from Amazon directly and it arrived used . It smelled like rotten baby poo and cigarettes . It was also a different brand and not in any packaging . I called Amazon and they are sending a replacement . I threw out the one I received as sending it back would have been a heath issue .
 I did quite a bit of research on strollers when my daughter was born in 2006 . I wanted a good stroller , not too bulky that would be a great stroller to use for her as a toddler . This stroller did not meet my expectations . It was not too bad to use when used as a travel system , but when used as a stroller for a toddler it was awful . You have to push with two hands at all times . The cup holder always falls off . The safety harness is confusing -LRB- my husband could never remember how to hook it up -RRB- . And for being such a light weight travel system , it is not even functional at the mall.We are going to get rid of ours before baby # 2 comes , b/c I do n't want to deal with the stroller again . We recently bought a $ 20 umbrella stroller at Babies R Us ... and the umbrella stroller is 100 % better than this Mosaic .
 Do n't bother with this stroller . There are much better strollers out there for the price -LRB- Chicco , Maclaren etc -RRB- . Canopy is tiny , wheels are rickety , stroller is heavy for it 's size , if you are over 5 ' 4 you will kick the wheels when you walk . Fabric is unattractive & rough , my daughter refused to sit in it .
 After one year , this stroller became very difficult to use . The wheels have become incredibly hard to steer and folding/unfolding is painful , you need both hands at all times . I 'm very dissatisfied .
 Yes , it 's lightweight and folds down in to a small size , but it takes two people to unfold it . The locking mechanism is so poorly designed . Pretty useless if you ca n't take it with you unless you have another person along just to help you unfold . LAME
 This would be the most awesome lightweight umbrella stroller for under $ 200 ever , if only the breaks were not set up in such a way that the breaks engage if you are trying to back the stroller up a step or curb with only one person . The step pushed the break into the locked position making it impossible to roll up the step.Otherwise it 's a great stroller but if I 'd known I would n't be able to use stairs without another person with me I would not have purchased it . Elevators only for this stroller .
 Did n't find this helpful for nursing at all -- a visit to a lactation consultant taught me that the baby should be breast-level , and the boppy puts the child much too low . Used it only a couple of times to place our son in to lay ; it would have been just as easy to use pillows . The Boppy seems like a money-making gimmick to me !
 I did not find the Bobby helpful . It was awkward for feeding , for I had to lean forward for my baby to feed . The pillow is not stuffed enough for small breasted mothers .
 Read all the rave reviews and decided to get this since I planned on breastfeeding my daughter and also because I was having a classical c-section and thought that this would help alleviate the pain on my abdomen when holding my newborn . Not sure who these boppy pillows were made for but if you 're a larger person these do not fit comfortably around you . I was much more comfortable sitting in the glider with the baby propped on a pillow in my lap . Even now after 3 weeks I 've given it another try and they still are n't comfortable for me and I 've lost most of my baby weight.Amazon has a 365 return day policy so if you do n't mind spending the money and giving it a try then go ahead but for me it was a waste of money .
 This product sounds like a great idea . Granted , there are other purposes I wound up using my Boppy for but breast feeding was n't really one of them . I found the Boppy to be far too small for me to comfortably feed my little one . I kept putting pillows under it . The great use I DID get out of it was when my little one was very new , I would place the Boppy in the bassinet to prop him up . Worked beautifully but still not what I thought the Boppy was for . I much preferred `` My Breast Friend '' and `` Luna Lullaby Bosom Nursing Pillow '' .
 I purchased this slip cover after my original boppy -LRB- with a different slip cover -RRB- was left behind on a trip . The brown color faded on the first wash ! The slip cover , though cute , looks like I have had it for years , not one month . Dissappointed , but 10 bucks is not worth the effort of waiting in the mail line to return , so I am just living with it .
 I ordered a Boppy with a kite cover which looked really cute in the picture on Amazon . Unfortunately , the fabric was not described . It was not the plush , soft fabric I have seen on other Boppy products . The cover was colorful , but harsh to the touch -- not baby friendly at all . I returned the item for a refund . I urge Amazon to identify the fabric on products like this so the buyer knows exactly what is being offered .
 Saying this is better than a pillow is like saying a rock is better at hammering nails than your fist . Should n't you just get a hammer ? There are others -LRB- Breast Friend pillow , etc -RRB- that are actually made just for breastfeeding , and are much more useful .
 I was told that as a first time mom planning to nurse her child that the Boppy Nursing Pillow was something that I could not do without . I was overjoyed at my baby shower when I received the pillow as a gift . When I opened it up , I was super bummed out when the room instantly filled with a nasty chemical smell from the flame retardant . Unless you plan to chain smoke while simultaneously breast feeding your child , these chemicals seem somewhat overkill . It does not say anywhere in the description of the item that flame retardant is present , but it most definitely taints this otherwise handy product . Two very enthusiastic thumbs down !
 I bought 2 of these while we were expecting twins.The twins are now at 2 weeks and we had almost never used the pillows.I hoped that these would help us while feeding the babies.Actually we just place the babies on our lap and feed them.I think if you have a small body or have difficulty in holding babies , this pillow might help . But you can also use a regular pilow and save your money . In my opinion this product is just a marketing gimmick .
 Everyone raved about the Boppy pillow but I found it too fluffy . I do like the cover that this one came with and wished I was able to keep just that . I ended up returning this product because it did n't make breastfeeding easier but more difficult . I did find a less fluffier one at Babies R Us which was more expensive . I prefer to buy everything from Amazon but I guess it was something I needed to actually touch and try first .
 This is completely useless for breastfeeding , or anything else . The opening is really small so it did n't fit around my waist . -LRB- Maybe if i was a size 0 right after giving birth it would have ! -RRB- Also the curves along the length of the pillow put a baby at the wrong angle for nursing . I have nursed 2 babies through one year and have never used it once ! I tried the first day at the hospital until a nurse suggested I use something else . If you are pregnant , do n't waste your money ! I use a pillow and blanket , or try a product called my breast friend .
 Over-Hyped unnecessary additions to the junk piled up in your home . Tried it for a week and had to return because , of serious quality issues . $ 15 will get you something which is far better than this Sloppy-Boppy at Walgreens .
 In order for boppy pillow to suppot uYour hand and baby correctly you need to always be sitting cross legged . It fit my waist properly but is higher in center and flat on the sides due to which it did not support my hands well.Also for feeding 8-10 times a day and for 1-1 .5 hrs per feed , sitting cross legged is extremly painful . Will not recommend for chair / sitting on bed feeds.I ended up having pain in legs and hand muscles using the boppy
 I must say , I 'm surprised this product gets such great reviews . I 'm a new mom -LRB- my son is now 8 months -RRB- and I have both the Boppy and the My Brest Friend ... I gave birth naturally and began breast feeding right away and am still nursing my son several times a day after 8 months . I found the Boppy to be too cushy for nursing . I 'd constantly have to readjust the pillow or place another pillow underneath the Boppy to get my son at the right level of my breast . He seemed to get a little lost in the pillow ; just was n't supported very well and kept falling in between my body and the pillow.So , on to the My Brest Friend - I 'm so glad my sister-in-law bought it for me !! It wraps around my torso fully and snaps together as tightly as I want/need it to be -LRB- awesome since I have shrank by about 25 pounds since he was born -RRB- . The foam is firm yet cushy and keeps my son well supported and up to the height of my breast . It also gives me 2 free hands to do other stuff while he is nursing -LRB- of course once we are settled in a chair or on the couch -RRB- !! AMAZING !!! if you 've used the Boppy , you are lucky to have one hand free at all while your kiddo nurses . Also , I find it is very helpful to have the pillow secured around my torso beacuse if he falls asleep while nursing , it is really easy for me to stand up while supporting him and not worrying about the pillow falling to my feet and tripping me up like the Boppy would.If you are on the fence between the two products , I 'd give the My Brest Friend a try , I do n't think you will be sorry ; especially if you plan on nursing for a long time like I have !
 I wonder how it gets so many reviews . . This just does n't stay in place while nursing . . You have to keep adjusting . . I wish I had not wasted money on this . . A normal pillow is much better .
 A blanket works better than this item . It is not warm because the sides leave large breezy gaps . Not good for cold climates .
 This cover is just that , a cover . It provides zero warmth and barely acts as a barrier between the cold and your baby . The paperwork included with the cover even instructs you not to rely on the cover for warmth and to dress your baby for the weather . I had hoped to use this while on a recent trip to canada as strollers are impossible on the snow and ice covered sidewalks . This was a huge disappointment .
 I had hoped that this product would be more like a sleeping bag , when in reality , it is just a cover with a big open back . There was no closing mechanism on the back side -LRB- besides pushing against my body -RRB- and the hood kept falling down on my daughter 's face.Tried it once , returning it.Looks cool , but not really functional .
 This stroller is way too heavy . My husband literally threw his back out moving it from the car to the house . Also the seats are not big enough for my child . She is very tall and she can ride it in but not comfortably . Plus with an infant seat attached there is no room to recline her chair . My advice is keep looking and good luck !
 *** Ammendment
 Prior to receiving this stroller -LRB- but after ordering it -RRB- , I spoke with a Kolcraft rep who told me this stroller weighs 55 lbs and was too heavy for her to lift in and out of a car . I was set to re-route it back to Amazon when I heard that , but decided to put it together and see if it was as bad as she said . Here 's what I found : The rep was wrong -- the gross weight of the box is 55 lbs , but according to the box , the stroller is 46.75 lbs . The frame accounts for all but maybe 6 lbs -LRB- the seats -RRB- . It took about 20 minutes to put it together with almost no issues . Note , you 'll want to air it out as it stinks !!! It is very easy to remove the seats to change their position -- the rear one sits a tad higher , and for larger kids , there might be no room for feet if they sit facing each other.The seat depth appeared very shallow -- maybe 8 '' . The legrests are great and do go up and down , but there are basically no footrests . The kids must be buckled , as it 's easy for them to slide out under the bar due to the shallow seats.The sunshades are way better than shown -- they are much longer than I expected and if the kids are facing each other , you can almost cover them putting both down.The seats do n't `` recline '' ; they tilt . Could be issues if you tilt the front one all the way back -LRB- think airplane seats ! -RRB- . The basket is HUGE and very accessible from the back , front and sides . Holds 10 lbs.There are no snack trays for the babes , but these foam-covered bars -LRB- yes , the kind kids like to chew and pick at -RRB- which swivel to allow the kid to go in and out or remove completely fairly easily.The fold is quite compact IF YOU REMOVE BOTH SEATS FIRST . There are rubber grips to lift it , but I have n't used them -- I found the stroller manageable to lift , but I am not a small person . Putting the seats in and out is a hassle , but easy enough to do . The whole thing fit well inside my Mazda5 with the rear seats down . Several of us commented that they should have made the handle bar adjustable so that it would be even more compact when folded . As it is , it is a foam-covered bar.The wheels are plastic -LRB- not rubber -RRB- but seem durable . The stroller pushes well , but lags somewhat due to it 's weight . The front wheels swivel , but stick out and I found I was bumping into things or running into walls because I could n't judge their width.There is reflective tape on the 5-pt seatbelts and the fleecy headrests are easy to remove for older kids.There are a few `` odd '' infant carseats that this stroller can not accomodate , but it does accept all Graco and Peg products . It comes with one adaptor bar , and you can purchase another through Kolcraft.Overall , would I buy this product again ? It 's definitely an head-turner -LRB- for those that are stroller-obsessed like me -RRB- , but it is very heavy and somewhat awkward . I think that once the babes are past a year-and-a-half , and/or over 27 or so pounds , it wo n't be as useful . Not worth purchasing if you have older babes as you wo n't get the use out of it . Nor would the resale be great due to the brand name . If you are a small person , you will not be able to lift it in and out of the car . If you are looking for an `` off road '' stroller or a jogging stroller , this is n't it , but it would be great for long walks . My son -LRB- 14 months and 24 lbs -RRB- sat in it with his friend -LRB- 12 months and 22 lbs -RRB- , and they both seemed very happy and even fell asleep in it . I think the price needs to come down a little to make up for the excessive weight and awkwardness before it 'll be a big hit .
 Yes , this DOES push/handle like a dream come true , however that is the ONLY thing it has going for it . It is EXTREMELY heavy and yes large -LRB- as all doubles can be -RRB- . The seats do not come off as easy as people say . One seat can be reclined , but the other can not comfortably -LRB- even in the same direction -RRB- . When they face each other , they are too close and kick each other . The seats are SO tiny . My 21 month old -LRB- in the 50 percentile -RRB- will not be able to fit in another year . The sun shade is only 2 inches over my sons head and very short -LRB- does not protect him much from the sun -RRB- . The sun shade falls back and sits in the other childs lap . No tray or cup holder option for the kids . An assembly screw does not fit well so the handle is loose . And I have been bitten twice by the cheap seatbelt clasp - they are hard to open and close . I am returning this and going with a Greco Quattro Tour - It is heavy too and is hard to push , but everything else on it is perfect ! Please do not make the same mistake that I did !! Go with the easy fold Greco ! Kolcraft has a great concept but thats about it .
 This thing is so huge , it takes up my 3rd row in my mini van when i take it with us . it 's seats are also to small to fit my daughters legs -LRB- and she is really short for her age -RRB- it also takes a litle time to unfold.Good for big trips like the zoo , when the kid gets warn out and wants to nap -LRB- kinda -RRB- but not something for every day . Be sure you have somewhere to store it .
 I returned this stroller because b/c of 3 major issues :1 . the car seat must be strapped in after snapping it into the adapter , and the adapter does not hold the car seat unless it is strapped in VERY tightly which is difficult to do . Our car seat almost slipped out on several occasions while walking on a bumpy path . The strap just adds one more step to the process of loading the kids in the stroller .2 . The big kid seat -LRB- s -RRB- must be removed in order to fold the stroller flat enough to fit it in a standard trunk - I have a VW Passat with a large trunk and it barely fits . Again , one additional step in loading the kids into or taking them out of this stroller .3 . The seat is too shallow and too short for my 30lb toddler . He barely fits and if he grows any taller he wo n't fit at all . This stroller is not designed for kids over 2 .
 I bought this stroller for my two year old and newborn . I loved being able to change the seats around and it steers like a dream . Then , I had to put it in the car . To fit in the back of our minivan , I had to completely remove both seats . The fold down is awkward and lifting it over the Odysee 's lip is nearly impossible . I read one review that had the weight listed at 40 lbs , but the shipping weight is 53 and I think it has to weigh 50 pounds . Our now almost 3 yr old weighs 24 lbs and the seats were not deep enough for her . After 2 months I found that I would rather carry the baby and chase the toddler than deal with this stroller , so I sold it and I am looking for a replacement .
 When I first bought this stroller I just absolutely LOVED it ! I liked the fact that my twins could face each other whenever we went out . I 've now had the stroller for 2 weeks and I now have to say that this stroller is so poorly made for having cost me this much money ! 3 days after I bought it the tray cover on the handle broke off . A week after that both adjustable footrests broke and will no longer adjust . A few days ago , One of the seats broke and now ca n't do anything but recline so one of my kids has to be in a constant laying position whenever we go out . I was very gentle with this stroller ... it 's not like I took it off roading or anything , so I ca n't believe that after only having this stroller for 2 weeks it is now completely nonfunctioning ! Do yourself a favor and save your money on a Duoglider or spend a lil more on a Peg Perego , because this stroller MOST DEFINITELY WILL NOT last for as long as your child will need it !
 I purchased this car seat for my 6 month old son , based on reviews online and saftey tests . The car seat is beautiful , very plush and roomy , however , the crouch strap is too short making the leg straps too tight and they cut across my son 's upper thighs . He is average height and weight and I do not understand how this is n't a problem for more buyers . The only way to prevent this problem is to loosen the straps and that is not an option because if the straps are not secure there is not protection in an accident . Needless to say I returned this seat and purchased a different brand . I would recommend to anyone considering this seat , go to a Target store , use the display model , put your child in the seat and adjust the straps to fit , just to make sure you do not encounter the same problem .
 I just looked at this car seat tonight and I did n't buy it because of the short length of the buckle strap that goes between the legs . It is too short which would cause the hip straps to go across the legs/hip sockets instead of across the hip bones as recommended . I agree with Christina H . How can this possibly pass NTSB inspection ? If anyone knows - boy would I like to hear it !!!!!
 i 'm so bummed that this carseat is not the quality i expected and hoped it would be . we bought this for our 14 month old son because of the rave reviews and tons of personal recommendations . while very comfy and fits tightly in the vehicle , the restraint system has a huge problem . the lap belt goes on my sons upper thighs , not his hips ! if we were to get in an accident this could cause dislocation of his legs . like my husband says `` it 's just basic physics '' . i ca n't believe this seat is considered the * best * and i 've only read one other review that mentioned this problem . nonetheless , i 'm am taking it back tomorrow . we will test the marathon to see if it is a different restraint system , but if not , we will have to find something else . again though , it baffles me that no one else has mentioned this problem !!!!!
 I had high hopes for this toy to entertain my 9 month old in his highchair or on the stroller . While it is a cute and fun toy for him to play with , the suction does n't work well . My son was able to remove it immediately with normal play . I have to actually hold it up for him to play with it . It is a bummer because he really likes it ... when it is standing up .
 We were very disappointed with this toy that we bought as a gift for a friend 's baby . The daughter absolutely loves it , but the suction does not work at all . It is really too bad , because it would be perfect for a high chair toy .
 I know of a lot of people who own and like this carrier but my baby hated it !! She cried evertime I put her in it . I got a Hotsling instead and she is very happy in it .
 I purchased this carrier when my daughter was about 3 months old . I could n't even get through the trying on process with her . I found it very difficult to manuver the plastic slide latches on the side . I think that it is very hard to slide it together with a moving baby . And my daughter hated the very small and cramped arm holes . I ended up with the `` 6 Position '' chest carrier made by Infantino . Babies ` R'Us does n't carry this brand , but I got mine at Walmart . It was very soft , and has many different options . And there is plenty of room for little arms .
 I was given a gift certificate to use toward a Baby Bjorn , but I decided to save some money and get a Snugli . By the time I figured out the straps -LRB- it took two people ! -RRB- , my son was quite annoyed . Once we put him in it , he looked awkward and uncomfortable in it , like the back was too high and flappy . I felt like I needed to hold my baby up . I thought it would save time when going to the mall , but by the time I got it on , I was frustrated and ready to go home.My advice
 I have tried to use this carrier a dozen times , but to no avail . My good-natured son cries and cries in what seems to be discomfort . Though he 's only 11 lbs , my shoulders ache after having him in it for only minutes -- I guess the straps are not padded enough . I thought I would be saving money by purchasing a Snugli instead of a Baby Bjorn ! I gave it two stars because it was easy to set up and it positions nicely -- just did n't work out for us . I recommend trying it out at the store before purchasing .
 Loved loved loved my first , $ 19.99 snugli . It was easy to use , secure and safe . Unfortunately my son has out grown it -LRB- he 's becoming a big baby -RRB- . I bought this front-back pack hoping for an inexpensive intermediate carrier before buying a metal framed backpack . I was certain it would be the same good quality as the first , but not so!The main difference , and it 's a huge one , is that the back straps of the bare basics model criss-cross behind the parent 's back and automatically adjust to fit your body . On this model , in order to be worn on the back and in front of the carrier , the straps ca n't cross . Instead there is an adjustable horizontal strap that connects the vertical arm harnesses -LRB- it crosses over the chest or shoulder blades depending on how you are wearing it -RRB- . Probably it works fine if you are uses this carrier as a backpack , because the questionable strap is in reach and you can adjust it as needed . As a front carrier , though it slips constantly , not being sewn in place or having stable guides . Also , it is out of reach , and leaves you with the arm harnesses falling off your shoulders - A terrible flaw as an active squirming baby can readily fall out . I returned mine immmediately.I really miss carrying my boy around eye to eye , and was lookking forward to watching him discover the world in my arms . What a disappointment !
 I purchased this for our 6 month old , adopted son . He is a stocky boy but well within the stated limits . I read the directions and fastened the multitude of straps . That was a task in itself.I tried to put him in -LRB- not easy alone ! -RRB- only too realize he was too big to be comfortable.I went back and exchanged it for a nojo baby sling , which is much easier to use alone and does very well in accomodating our -LRB- not so little -RRB- guy .
 We tried a bunch of these carriers , not wanting to spend a lot on a baby bjorn , but ended up returning all of them . This one was cumbersome to put on and get baby in and out . I also found it uncomfortable . The baby bjorn is expensive , but has been well worth it . I wish I just purchased it from the start .
 I too saw the great price on the Snugli and chose it in a heartbeat over the Baby Bjorn . Recently a friend let me try her Baby Bjorn and it 's entirely better . The BB is much easier to get into and adjust for different sizes ... whereas the Snugli has , I think 4 different adjustments for the person carrying . Then , to get baby in , there are FOUR buckles , including the two side slots , which are not easy to work when baby 's in . The BB has only one buckle to get it on yourself . It 's quilted fabric as opposed to the nylon backpack fabric of the Snugli . The Snugli has a panel up against you , whereas the BB allows baby to be next to you , without a barrier . Getting baby in is way easier in the BB which has heavy duty snaps . The crotch is narrower in the BB -- my baby was doing the middle splits sitting in the Snugli . Incidently , my 10 week old MUCH prefers to face outward , now that she can hold her head up . The adjustment for a smaller baby facing outward in the Snugli is to just push a panel down into the pack to get it out of her face . Yeah right . On the BB , the panel folds over and snaps to get it out of her face . Maybe she 'll do better in the Snugli when she 's older and not so fussy . But for now , by the time you get her into the darn thing , she 's kicking and screaming . She has actually fallen asleep in the Baby Bjorn -- quite an accomplishment for a rather fussy baby ! My advice -- SPLURGE . Get the Baby Bjorn .
 I had used this snugli a few times when my daughter was first born . It was okay , especially when I needed to walk the dog too . I did n't think it was the easiest to get her into and out of , and if you plan to walk for a mile or more , it does hurt your back after a while . Anyway , that was fine with me to deal with until this past weekend when I tried to use it again ! My daughter is now 16 pounds and I put her in the front position , following the directions the thing came with . I came back to discover my baby 's legs were turned a bright blue !! I was terrified and could n't get her out of there quick enough ! When I finally did I saw where the carrier was cutting her little leg 's circulation off due to the positioning , which was correct according to their instructions ! She was fine and unaware of what had happpened , but I have never been so scared in my life - or furious as a mother ! I thought maybe it was just me , but have heard from another mother I work with that this happened to her too ! I will never try to use this again and wish I could get some sort of refund , but it might be too late now ! Figured the least I could do was warn other people !!
 Bought this elsewhere and am now browsing for alternatives . Was looking for the next step up from my soft newborn carrier . This one seemed very sturdy and stylish , and the color was great for one who hates all of the cutesy and/or navy blue baby stuff from which we are normally forced to choose . However , I was heartbroken to find it tough to use with my six month old - hard to believe that she would already be too big to make doing up the side closures practical , but that seemed to be the case -LRB- despite what Snugli 's specs claimed -RRB- , so hated to waste the money . I 'm thinking of getting someone to custom design me one !
 I got this carrier when my son was born because I thought the price was good . Fortunately , he did n't need to be held a lot , so I did n't need to use it much . When I did use it for walking -LRB- 1/2 hour max -RRB- , I thought it was very hot for my son-he was always sweaty , even in April ! Even the `` breathable '' mesh did n't help that . Plus , it really hurt my low back . And the side buckles were hard to use . Now he 's able to hold his head up , so I was excited to use it forward-facing . What a joke ! He simply will not fit into it . Yes , it adjusts for his length -LRB- barely -RRB- , but not for his girth -LRB- he 's 20lbs now , but is in no way abnormally large -RRB- . The head flap takes up too much room within the carrier , and I could barely get one of the side buckles hooked , let alone both of them ; he was very uncomfortable when I tried and could hardly breathe , poor thing . So , I guess this is ok when your baby is young and has to be facing in , but it 's definately not made for older babies . It wo n't expand to fit a growing baby . I 'm taking it back . For our next child , we 're getting a baby bjorn .
 I was hesitant to buy this product since I had a different Snugli and did n't like that one . I bought it anyway to give it second chance . What a waste of time and money !!! My son 's legs kept turning blue when he was in it ! He was so uncomfortable in it and besides the fact that it was cumbersome to put on , it killed my shoulders ! The waist band feature is a joke -- it offers no relief and after even 5 minutes of wearing it , I had to take it off . Also , not a summer item -- VERY HOT wearing it outside . I returned it and found a WONDERFUL product from Canada called the First Journey . This is an amazing product and after three clicks , you are set to go . It costs more -LRB- about or less than the Baby Bjorn -RRB- and super comfortable -- no should pain at all and my baby loves it . Look up babytrekker.com and check it out ! I 'm so glad I researched more -- it paid off .
 We got this from our friends who swear it works fine and is a lot cheaper than the baby bjorn . Well my son hated it ! He just did n't sit right in it , facing in or out . We finally spurlged for the Nicole Miller one , and it is sooo much better . And is better looking . The snugli is so complicated to use . Trust me , the baby bjorn or Nicole Miller are worth the money .
 I had read the great reviews and registered for the Snugli . I was so excited to try this with my daughter , but was quickly discouraged . I adjusted it according to the directions , but it still really was n't comfortable and getting a squirmy newborn in the seat is another project ! I tried this several times making different adjustments with my husband 's help , but was not satisfied . I should have known it was going to be a hassle when reading the reviews that basically restated how to adjust all the straps . I eventually returned the Snugli and purchased the Premaxx sling . One slip over my head and baby is in-no clips and no need for an extra set of hands . I definitely recommend taking the different carriers out of their boxes and trying them on before purchasing or registering for one .
 I registered for the this carrier because I did n't want to ask for the expensive Baby Bjorn carrier but I wish I had asked for that one . This carrier is not easy to minipulate and put on there are far too many buckles and straps . The material is very scratchy and every time I have attempted to put my baby in it he got upset and was very uncomfortable . My sister who has a Baby Bjorn uses it every day . Her baby loves it and is very comfortable because it 's made out of soft material , it does n't have a bunch of straps dangling around , and it is so simple to use . If I could go back I would have registered for the baby bjorn instead of the cumbersome Snugli .
 This product looks great but it 's not worth purchasing for Moms / Dads who are home alone as it 's very difficult to snap buckles on the back and get baby into the carrier . I 've tried multiple ways of getting the baby in the carrier and it 's very inconvenient . In fact , I 've not used the Snugli because it 's too cumbersome to put on . Before purchasing , be sure to try this product out at a baby store -LRB- preferably with baby -RRB- so you can see if it will work for you .
 The price and ease of use for this carrier is pretty good , however if you live in a warm climate you and your baby will burn up wearing it . It is dark colored and quite thick , my baby and I are both sweaty after using it . My biggest complaint is the rough texture of the materials and the placement of the front latches . My son has gotten mild scrapes and redness on his legs and face from the carriers material and front latches . He likes to look out the side which means he is wedged against the strap . I have ordered '' The Ultimate Baby Wrap '' as a replacement carrier . It comes in lighter colors -LRB- retailers other than Amazon carry light grey and tan -RRB- , has soft material , and has no latches . I can also breast feed in it which is an option the Snugli does not offer.I do highly reccomend investing in a carrier of some type . My son is enjoys being in a carrier and is much happier in a carrier than a stroller , particularly in crowded or noisy settings . I also find it much easier for me to go places using the carrier instead of the stroller or carseat carrier . It is great when shopping and for going to dr appointments .
 When I registered for baby items , it did n't know if I would use something like this . I always thought it looked strange when people walked around with thier little ones strapped to themselves . Once my son was born , I realised how great a carrier could be , and I was thankful that someone bought this off my registry.I tried so hard to like this product . The problem is , you have to try very hard to make it work for you . If you can borrow someone 's Baby Bjorn , do so . Once you can compare the two brands you will see why the extra money is worth it.The snugli was very cumbersome . The straps just do not make sense . Again , I liked this product fine , until I borrowed a Baby Bjorn for two days.My husband , being a new Daddy , wanted to use it too . Well , that meant I had to keep adjusting the staps , which TAKES A LONG TIME . Plus , you can not put the baby in easily . You would have to lay him / her down , or have someone help you . I think this defeats the whole purpose of using a device to keep your hands free.Plus , my son kept sweating ; the fabric is n't very breathable . I found he slumped down into the snugli all the time . Once we switched , we did n't have these problems.It 's a great idea , but you get what you pay for . I recommend registering for this item , then return it to Babies R Us for a Baby Bjorn . I 'm soooooo gald I did . I still use our B B , and my son is nearly 8 months old . I would have stopped using the Snugli a long time ago . It takes 15 second to put on and strap the baby into the Baby Bjorn -LRB- I timed it for a friend -RRB- . It took much longer to use the snugli ; that 's a big difference when you 're in a store and your baby begins to wail ...
 We received this Snugli carrier as a gift . We are first time parents and just focused on the price compared to Baby Bjorn . What could be so much better , right ? Well first when our baby was a newborn she did not like how long it took to get her into the carrier . It was very frustrating trying to hold her and get the carrier fastened up . Plus another thing we forgot to consider is how it fits us . I ca n't use it and my husband barely can . He wears a size M or L shirt . I highly recommend trying them on in the store .
 I also bought this carrier as an alternative to the costly Baby Bjorn -LRB- BB -RRB- . I had been using a cheap -LRB- The First Years -RRB- carrier that I found at a resale store and decided to purchase this carrier thinking it would be more comfortable for my 9 week old . My son loved the cheap resale carrier -LRB- nice cotton quilted material -RRB- so I thought it would be worth it to invest in something new.The material on this carrier is synthetic and heats up quickly -LRB- the air vent on this carrier is a joke - it 's like bringing a small fan with you to Death Valley in the middle of summer ! -RRB- The material is also sandpaper rough . The flap that you are supposed to fold down is also a joke.Despite the multitude of straps , I still can not get it adjusted to the correct height so my son will fit comfortably , and the side buckles are horrible to fasten and unfasten . They are the worst I 've ever seen . My son just screams when I try to put him in this carrier . I have given up . I 'll either keep wearing my cheap resale carrier or -LRB- gulp -RRB- spend the money on the BB . =========================================================== 07/16/04 Follow-up
 When I put this carrier on , I felt like I was going backpacking in the Amazon or something . It was uncomfortable and I just could n't take having to adjust all those straps . The material is a bit rough too . My husband is tall and bigger , and after I finally had the carrier adjusted to me , he then had to readjust it for himself . We ended up trying many different carriers on at Target and the most comfortable one was the Bjorn ... Sad to say , because it 's so $ $ $ . We ended up returning this one and getting a used Bjorn on EBAY . When I got it , it looked practically new . You do n't use a carrier for very long and so getting the used one and it being the BEST and most comfortable ... I was thrilled with my ebay purchase .
 Whoever `` designed '' this product , in their infinite wisdom , did n't include a width adjustment for the baby . My 15 pound baby is compressed horribly when we try to get him in the carrier . Now he merely has to see it to begin screaming hysterically.Thanks , Snugli .
 I really did not like this carrier , my son did n't either . I decided to get the Bjorn and we both love it . My husband even likes to carry him around in it = -RRB-
 This pack takes 10-15 minutes to put on . Who has 10-15 minutes when you 're getting out of the car to go shopping , or whatever ? This is not an ideal carrier at all . The previous Snugli design was much better , more comfortable , and easier to work with .
 We purchased this mobile for our daughter since it matched her bedding . It is really adorable . I really did n't check out other mobiles -- I just wanted something to match her bedding . I wish I had looked around . Do n't get me wrong this is really cute and my daughter likes it -- but it does n't play very long . I wish I had gotten a battery operated one instead . My daughter loves watching the bunnies move around -- but when they stop she gets upset . You ca n't use this to put baby to sleep .
 This mobile plays for TWO MINUTES . Enough said .
 I received one of these as a gift . The zipper snapped off after two months . I really liked the size and shape of the bag , so bought myself another one on Amazon . It took three months for the zipper to snap off this time . I was very careful with the bag , and made sure to keep the zipper dry and free of milk . However , apparently no amount of effort can prevent breakage in a bag of poor quality . NOT recommended.Edit
 This bag is great when the zipper clasp is functioning properly . Within the first month of my purchase , the zipper clasp broke off with normal usage . I received a new one from Amazon and the zipper on the second also broke off after about one month .
 I registered for this bottle bag because of the positive reviews on other sites . I could fit 2 8 oz bottles and maybe a pouch of baby food inside . It really kept everything cold - the best I 've seen so far . The problem is the zipper pull broke off after about 1 month , then the entire zipper broke off after 11/2 months of use . Very disappointing and annoying , especially because it 's not a cheap bag .
 I was really excited to get this bag . It 's made by skip hop , which makes great bags . Although it was a little small -LRB- I could only fit two Dr. Brown bottles and a snack , no formula powder or ice packs -RRB- , I liked the design . I like that it had a separate pocket out side and the mesh compartments inside . I like the extra long strap and a smaller strap that you can attach on your diaper bag.My husband didnt mind carrying it . So that was a bonus . I had no problems with the zippers , as mentioned before in other reviews.Unfortunately , my love for this bag came to an end when I had a few milk spills and realized that the bag was not washable . I mean ... seriously ? That 's a huge flaw ! I had about three bottle spills and all three spillled out of the bag and on to the outside material of the bag . It says to wipe it clean but the bag was drenched a few times . So I decided to hand wash it and when it dried it smelled horrible . I tried to clean it again and it smelled worse . So I had to throw it out and buy something else .
 I purchased this bag from a brick & mortar store before reading the reviews . As mentioned in other reviews , the zipper on mine was severely defective ! -LRB- The tab broke off on the very first day , and the zipper itself detached altogether within a few days later . -RRB- It 's a shame , because I otherwise really loved the form factor of this bag . It was light , small , and could fit a couple of bottles with room on the outer pockets for two diapers and some wipes . However , given the manufacturing problems , I would not recommend this product .
 While this bag does have relatively good insulating ability , it 's not worth the hassle of the zipper -LRB- as mentioned in previous review -RRB- . I , too , have been through a couple of these bags because the zipper pull keeps breaking off . What you 're left with is just the part that moves along the teeth , which can make opening and closing quite a hassle . I had our bag replaced by Skip Hop directly as I have some contacts there and did tell them about the problem . They are aware , yet they keep making these bags with zipper pulls that pull right off . Do n't waste your time ... find another bag .
 The zipper broke on this bag within a week of use . Also it was very small and does n't hold all that I need it to .
 We liked this bottle bag overall , mainly because it attached to our diaper bag , was a convenient size for one baby and complied with CA safe food storage regulations . However , within the first year of use the zipper handle snapped off , making it very difficult to open/close . With baby # 2 on the way we are looking for something slightly bigger and will not purchase this one again due to the zipper issue . Having read another review discussing the same zipper issue , Skip Hop needs to look into the quality of the zipper on this product .
 The first time I purchased this bag , I loved it . Then it lasted less than 6 months . The metal part that keeps the tab for the zipper on broke off . So I returned to skip hop and they finally sent me another one . That one lasted 3 months and the SAME thing happened . Sent that one back and got another one and literally in less than 5 mins ... unzipped it , put bottle in , zipped up and it broke off AGAIN . I am done with this product and quite possibly skip hop . This is my first skip hop product and I worry that other product quality may be like this . I wanted to love the product , but the quality of the zipper is horrible .
 I bought this bottle bag because I have a diaper bag made by the same company that I was happy with . The bag is quite attractive , but I was pretty disappointed when I realized that it is near impossible to fit three 9oz Avent bottles in it . Then after a week of use the zipper puller broke off . The bag is now useless . I recommend you get a Playtex Fridge-to-Go instead . I have been using one for months and it still works great without having to mess with icepacks . I also bought a Munchkin bottle bag instead that works great . Do n't waste your money on this bag !
 I am very disappointed in this cooler bag . The cooler bag does have good storage space to store milk bottles . However , the zipper is made of cheap plastic that broke off shortly after I bought it . Also , the `` teeth '' of the zipper does n't always close completely when you zip the bag . I 'm returning it . Cheap , cheap zipper .
 This is great ... at first . It is easy to put on , it has the front flap which is brilliant . It has everything going for it except ... this is the cheapest plastic I have ever seen . I have used it for two months and the ENTIRE front flap has cracked so badly , that it is completely unusable . It is a real shame , and I was very surprised that they would use such a poor quality plastic . I have not had a chance to find an aftermarket replacement , but I remember seeing something at BuyBuyBaby , but I have not gone there to see it . I will update this if I find anything .
 I only used it twice . I did n't get the hang of the shawl , I could n't see my baby when I was feeding him . my baby ends up pulling it out of place.it makes a great car seat cover but that 's about it for me .
 I bought this because I thought the ones with the wire opening would allow others to see down . I used this and my baby hated it , made her really hot an would fall in her face . It took 3 hands to get her latched - 1 to hold my breast , 1 to navigate the baby , and 1 to open the cover . A friend gave me her cover with the wire opening and I love it ! So much easier to use .
 I chose this shawl because I hate the patterns that others tend to have . However , people buy those for a reason and that reason is that they are actually useful . The coverage on this shawl is poor . Additionally , there is no wiring around the neck that allows you to peek down and see your baby . My baby is not the best breastfeeder ever and especially early on he needed a lot of guidance from me . It is very difficult to keep yourself covered and see your baby at the same time with this wrap . I 'd recommend you get one of the more traditional shawls instead -LRB- Bebe au Lait , Hooters Hiders , etc. . -RRB-
 I have a couple of different nursing covers -LSB- Bebe Au Lait , MyBrestFriend , & Udder Cover -RSB- but I decided to try this one because it covers the back too . I thought this cover would provide great 360 * coverage , but what it really provides is only front & back coverage with insufficient side coverage . Especially if you have a squirmy baby ! The front & back are a good length but the sides are drastically shorter , making the entire cover full of gaps . It is also hard to see down inside of the cover without the rigid neckline that comes standard in a Bebe Au Lait . The fabric is about twice as thick as my other covers , so I think it 'd be unbearable during summer . But I do tend to run warm these days ! ; -RRB- Lastly the little pouch is a nice idea , but who has the time to fold a cover up once baby 's done eating ? Usually I am trying to get baby right side up to burp while putting myself back in order.And in response to this product touting itself as a versatile 4-in-1 , all the things this product claims you could do with any other cover , so do n't let that be a buying point for you .
 Not a good buy =-LRB- It 's easier to use a recieving blanket . It is pretty though .
 Despite the lovely soft fabric using this shawl has been an exercise in frustration . The soft fabric and neck seam means you can not see your baby . Particularly when first learning you need a hand for baby , one for breast and then extra hands to hold out the neck so you can see what you 're doing and yet another to keep the fabric in place so that you 're not exposed or so the fabric does n't get all entangled between breast and baby . There is not enough coverage on the sides so that you 're mid-riff is exposed and it is too short . Every time my baby waved an arm she would pull the fabric up and either get herself tangled or expose me . I hated using this thing ! Purchased a replacement with stiff neckline and long , wide material that tents over my baby so that she does n't get entangled , bothered or distracted by the fabric .
 I bought this based on reviews , but would not recommend it . I tried to use it but it kept slipping from side to side and the baby did n't like having it lay on his face . I 've heard that the Hooter Hider is a better option since it has a wire in the top so you can see the baby .
 The concept behind this shawl is wonderful . Unfortunately , I found that it did n't live up to it 's premise of modest nursing coverage . It did not stay in place well , and needed to be constantly tugged back in to position to keep my cleavage covered . Once I managed that , my sides and back would be exposed . I was uncomfortable using it even at home around our older children - I certainly would n't take it out in public . I finally found what I needed with a well constructed nursing tank.Nursing Tank By Undercover Mama -LRB- Medium , Dark Brown -RRB-
 I tried it out once and did n't like it . I was not able to see my baby to help her latch on despite the large neck opening . And the opening was too large to the point that in some positions I would 've felt too exposed if around anyone else . I decided the ribbed neck covers are much better for me . However , if you 've somehow mastered the nursing covers without the ribbed neck , then this might be okay . The material is unbelievably soft and it 's very attractive .
 While the fabric is nice and soft , and the shawl is attractive overall , this product fails miserably in its fundamental task
 After receiving this cover from my registry , it looked very chic and easy to use . Once I started using it , however , I realized that without the built-in hoop that many of the other covers have , it is very difficult to see down while your baby is trying to latch on . Also the hole for your head is way too big - so most of my time was spent trying to keep myself covered while I stummbled with my baby underneath the cover all the while , not being able to see what was going on to get the baby in the right position .
 Could n't write the review until the baby was here :-RRB- And now that I am breastfeeding , this shawl is pretty annoying . I agree with one of the reviewers here . The hole is too big so I struggled with trying to cover myself . at the same time , I ca n't see my baby . The best I can do is what you see in the picture , but I you ca n't see my baby 's eyes . and at that exact position , I 'm not even sure I 'm decent in front of everyone . so I ended up buying another . I got the bebe-au-lait one and am going to give that a try.i liked this one b/c of it 's multi function use . but if the main function I need it for is not working , what 's the point ? maybe it 'll fit better when the baby is older . my baby is 6 weeks -LRB- exactly how long it look me to breastfeed -RRB- . I liked how discreet this looks too . . poncho vs an apron look but by the time you tell everyone you 're breastfeeding , they will be expecting your apron look anyway -- made popular by The Office , I think : -RRB- Hope this helps .
 Though I like the appearance and soft feel of this shawl , the coverage is not good . The neck opening is too big and so hangs down too close to the breast . As other reviews said , the sides are also too short to provide good coverage . After trying this shawl , I bought one of the Bebe Au Lait ones with the stiff neck opening for better viewing of the baby . I like it so much better - it 's much easier to use . So I would recommend you skip this one and go straight to Bebe Au Lait .
 This one is so much easier than the manual food mill by kidco . I like it first . It 's simple and gets the job done.Until one day I was making a whole batch of food and a slightly bigger chunk of steamed apple got caught between the blades . After a few seconds trying , I smelled something definitely toxic like burned plastic from the motor.I threw it out immediately.I later found an old hand blender with chopper actually does a much better job . Something like this : http://www.amazon.com/Cuisinart-CSB-77-Blender-Chopper-Attachments/dp/B0006G3JRO/ref=sr_1_2?s=home-garden&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1286334562&sr;=1-2I also realized that you only puree food for baby for a very short period of time . It 's such a waste of money to buy an extra appliance only for that . Just buy a regular kitchen appliance and you can use it for many other things afterwards .
 I am sure this item would be handy for some , but I found my regular blender to be more user friendly . You have to stand there and hold the button top down to make it go . Not time efficient for those who have more than one thing going on in the kitchen .
 I bought this product last July to ground food for my infant son . It 's already broken last month after less a year of usage . The motor stopped working completely . I 'm shocked at the low quality of this product . I 'll not recommend buying it if you are looking for something more durable .
 I initially had a dex food mill which was just perfect . It prepared the baby food in just seconds and made a smooth paste as my baby liked it . However accidently it broke and I had to purchase a new one . Thats when I thought will try something new and got this kidco food mill . But to my disappointment its not working as expected . The motor goes on as soon as I connect it to the power supply -LRB- even before I press it down as per the instructions -RRB- . Also the food is not mashed completely and my baby is not enjoying it .
 While it has the motor power and a good size cup to hold the food , it has some really frustrating design flaws . As I type this , I ca n't open the top to remove the food that I just blended ! The lid frequnetly gets stuck onto the cup . And , the motor fits onto the base by this tiny little button that you have to perfectly align to get the thing to work . Soooo annoying !
 Despite this being called a food mill , it is not . It 's simply a blender . In case that matters to you .
 I gave this to a lovely person for her to make baby food , but she is not going to use it because it does not have an `` on and off '' button . As soon as you plug it in , it starts chopping.NOT GOOD .
 I ordered this item on 1/4/09 . I received it and tried to use it twice . Both times the lid got stuck and I had to pry it off . Afraid that bits of plastic would chip off into my baby 's food , I decided to send it back . While trying to clean it before I sent it the blade got stuck in it and I could n't get it back out . When I emailed Strollerbabies they told me that I would be refunded but less a restocking fee and less the $ 8 something it cost them to ship it because they could n't sell it as new . Well , I 'd hope they did n't resell this at all . I wrote them a note saying that this was unfair because I did n't send it back because I did n't want it I sent it back because it 's defective . Well , none of that has mattered so far anyway because as of 2/10/09 I still have not received a refund . I emailed them asking them to get it taken care of , providing the tracking information . They said that I would be refunded yesterday , still has n't happened .
 I purchased this item for my son who has a feeding disorder . At the time I had to puree pretty much all of his foods . It worked fine and did what it was supposed to do . I liked that it was very compact.I used it about once a week . Alittle over a year after I brought it it died . The engine makes a sound but the blade doesnt turn . It wont work at all . I ended up purchasing a regluar food processor . I would not buy this again . When purchasing small elec like this one would expect that it would last for longer than a year . Very disappointed .
 I bought this for my daughters birthday and when she tried it out it worked once and then quit . When I requested help from Kidco I got the response , sorry it 's been over thirty days . I am a very unhappy customer and will NOT order from them again !!!
 My wife used it once and we are returning it . Our 6 month old chokes when we fed her apple made with it .
 I was given this as a gift at my baby shower before my daughter was born . Now 5 months later she just is starting to eat solid foods , so I used it for the first time . First off I agree with the other reviewer , the lid gets stuck easily . Very annoying ! Second , the motor turns on as soon as it is plugged in and the only control you have is to ` turbo ' speed . ` Turbo ' is a nice feature as it helps get all of the food pureed , but I wish the motor did n't turn on until I pressed the button . Having to unplug the unit to turn it off is just annoying especially if you have a baby in your arms.It was a gift so I 'm using it for now , but I really wish I had just a plain old food processor .
 Firstly Amazon sent me what seems to be aused productAside from that , there really are no controls on this . Just one button . So you can really change speeds to vary the consistency very much . Also I realized that for making batches of baby food , its better to use a full size blender that makes a batch that can last a week or more . This thing is tiny !
 the only reason i 'm giving this two stars is that it actually does puree foods , especially meats , which i found important . this is only accomplsiehd with the turbo setting , though . i thought i read that it had 3 pieces , so i thought it would be easy for clean up , but really , there are 6 pieces
 I placed this order while working overseas . Due to having to travel on a regular basis in a hostile environment I am now just able to try and use this product . I had a colleague receive my mail so it would not be returned . This product has just been opened for the first time 16-Apr-11 . It does not work , there is a piece missing that holds the blade in place . I am past my return date , nor is it an option any more to contact the seller . I GUESS I MUST INCUR THIS COST , EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED
 i was so luking forwad to this . . but when i got the food mill it was not working . so now i am stuck with a non working food mill and money loss !!!! i wouldnt give a star for this product but i cant post this review without giving a star ... Kidco Babysteps Electric Food Mill
 I ordered this because I wanted to start making my 5 month old homemade rather than store bought foods . It does n't make any food thin enough for him to eat . Everything that I tried to puree including carrots , peas , bananas etc , came chunky . Not only that but it also took forever for everything to process . There is no automatic button like a blender has either . So if you want to make something really really thin , you have to stand there and hold the button for like 5 minutes . On top of that the motor is in the top of the machine where the button is so if you have it running for like 5 minutes it gets really hot . Hot to the point where you can not even hold onto it . I returned this item and found that although it is every deep , my normal blender did a much better job of making puree foods .
 Blade became dull within a month . took too long to puree baby food . Took about 5 minutes to puree steam chicken and carrots first months and then takes 7 minutes and then overheat and stop working for good within 2 months of purchase . Now , I just use the regular blender where I do n't have to stand there to hold the on button the whole time . What a waste of time and money . I regret buying this piece of junk . I give one star for easy to clean .
 I received the package on time , however when opened it only had 4 of the 5 wall hangings . It appeared to have been a used packaged , which really was dissappointing because it was listed as `` New '' and clearly the package was opened and an item removed . What was even worst in my opinion is that they shipped this without checking the ordered item to ensure that they were shipping what was ordered.The Product
 The idea for this product is great . The problem is with its design and/or choice of materials regarding the buckles.The buckles are plastic and as such they bend and flex . This caused one of the buckles to regularly separate when any weight was applied to the strap as the outer teeth were not rigid enough to stay in place . They instead tended to bend towards the center of the male end of the buckle causing it to slip out of the female end of the buckle which then caused the car seat to fall off the luggage.If another material had been used for the buckles or another type of buckle or fastener was used this product would have been perfect .
 This product was very disappointing.More importantly , it is NOT SAFE/SECURE . The product I received had a snap buckle that would just pop open again when a little tension was applied to the strap . This would have meant the car seat toppling forward , maybe even injuring my child . I had to bend the prongs on the male part of the buckle several times before I was able to get the buckle to stay fastened when pulling on the ends of the strap . Even though I eventually got it to stay buckled , I was n't comfortable using it to tote my child , because I wondered if over time the buckle would bend back again and suddenly pop open , or if it had been weakened by my bending it and might just snap.Also , it is not as easy to attach/remove as claimed . Adjusting it correctly takes quite a bit of fussing with the straps , and detaching/reattaching -LRB- to go through airport security , for example -RRB- is a pain . Just unclipping the straps -LRB- which for some reason clip on opposite sides of the luggage , so you ca n't do both at one time -RRB- still leaves you with the straps dangling awkwardly from your bag . You then have to tie them up out of the way so they do n't get caught in the x-ray machine or in the wheels of the bag , for example.I also was n't comfortable with the stress this design puts on the pull-up handle of my rolling carry-on . I have a Samsonite -LRB- pretty durable , good quality -RRB- , but the way the weight of the seat + child pulled on the handle of my carry-on , it felt like the handle might bend or break . If you used this to carry just the car seat itself with no child inside , then it would be okay -LRB- but still more trouble than it 's worth -RRB- . Finally
 I recently purchased the Traveling Toddler and the Tote-A-Tot Car Seat Travel Accessories . After test driving both in the house , I returned the Tote-A-Tot as it felt less secure than the Traveling Toddler , mainly because of the use of plastic buckles on the Tote-A-Tot versus metal rings on the Traveling Toddler . The Traveling Toddler is also less expensive than the Tote-A-Tot . When I put my daughter in the carseat with the Tote-a-Tot , the straps strained when I pushed her around . I was afraid they would pop open at some point.I was happy with my decision as the Traveling Toddler worked wonderfully on my trip -- see separate review under that product .
 I tried this and it would not keep my carseat off the ground . The carseat was too heavy or I could not get it cinched tight enough . After fiddling with it for 20 mins with my toddler standing and waiting for me , I just dragged my carseat through the airport strapped to the suitcase with everyone staring at me . No way would I put my kid in it . Waste of money .
 I bought this in anticipation of a solo flight with my 17 month old . It was hard to pull while walking backwards , but utterly impossible to push or to pull while not watching it to make sure it stayed absolutely level . I wo n't be using it again .
 Wow , was this a disappointment ! It 's nothing more than a poorly-made storage compartment with a strap . I would have like to have something useful for travel , but this is not it . I sent it back !
 I bought this for travel by myself with two kids . I had one in a backpack and the 2 + year old in the TOTEaTOT . It works well but you need a certain size handle and a strong suit case . I did not have problems with the buckles opening up though ! It worked okay but it can be hard to pull with a 30 + lbs on board . Also a HUGE draw back is that you can not roll it all the way to your seat as the car seat does not fit down the ail . Something I had not thought of and was crucial to traveling alone .
 I purchased 3 flower quilt holders and was very unimpressed . For the money I would have expected real wood and it 's pretty cheap particle board attached to large clips . I could have made these myself . Even the paint job was poorly done . I ended up painting them myself.Overall I wiuld not recommend this product . Even if you 're only a little crafty you could easily make these yourself .
 Very disappointed that most of the package were glow in the dark circles and stars stickers . I have small hands and I had a difficult time removing them from the backing or trying to stick them where you wanted them . I used the product , but it was not what I thought I was getting . The stars did hold the glow in the dark feature well .
 The stars may be really nice , but the package I received looked already open . The 3 sheets with stickers appeared as if someone soaked them in water and the package was missing the putty to stick up the bigger plastic stars .
 If you have a popcorn ceiling , these stars are a nightmare . Bought glo in dark paint . MUCH EASIER !!
 Overall an alright product . Too many little stars and not enough big stars . More sticky tack would be appreciated .
 My kid and I put them on the ceiling and he asked me `` how are stars made ? '' I do n't really know how they are made but this activity of putting them up on the ceiling explained nothing to me about how stars are made , what they do , how big they are or even their true shape -LRB- stars do n't really look like that shape , have you ever seen pictures of them ? -RRB- . Anyways , we got them up and then they started falling on the floor . I think there is one left up there . My kid asked me `` Dad , do stars fall to the ground like this ? '' And I said , `` I do n't know but if they are as cheap as these things then yeah they probably do . ''
 I needed these stars for a treasure hunt for my son 's Star Wars birthday party . This is such a rip off - I have n't counted all of them , but there are around 75 biggish stars/planets , another 100 less-than-an-inch-across stars , and then lots of tiny ones , plus two pages of little paper stickers . Maybe I did n't read the small print properly .
 Dont buy this its not worth the money . Does n't glow like its supposed to . I am very upset . My daughter waited on this for her birthday and its junk .
 I purchased these stars for my dorm room because they were inexpensive but most importantly was how many there were . I appreciate being ably to buy things in bulk but now in hindsight I see that this was an unfortunate purchase.The majority of the stars are diminutive , the adhesive provided is a joke and worst of all the glow on the stars lasts less than 3 minutes . I blame myself for thinking this was a good idea in the first place .
 The glow does n't last long enough . Also it takes forever to put them up with the enclosed putty . After being up there a week or 2 , they start to fall off . I do n't recommend .
 Very dis-appointing . Hardly glow in dark . Very little putty provided . 90 % of the stars are very small . No fun for kids .
 the stars glow for maybe 3 minutes after you shut the lights off , even after charging all day . they DO look nice while they are glowing.the amount of adhesive given would have worked fine if it was a much stronger adhesive ... but they give you a VERY tiny amount and it does not hold up the bigger stars/galaxies well enough . they fall down.so i will be purchasing better adhesive.it does come with quite a lot of variety in shapes and sizes which was nice .
 This item came in the mail and my 4 year old son and I were very excited . I guess we should have read the description more carefully because I was n't expecting so many tiny little pieces . We used ticky tack and began the tedious process of sticking the different sized stars and such all over his room . We waited that night to see the glowing celestial extravaganza . We kept the light on for some time to ` charge ' the glow in the dark element then turned off the light . What we found was nothing close to amazing . The glow was fairly dim and only lasted for a very short period of time . We even turned a blacklight on them and all that did was make them glow a little brighter but , again , the glow only lasted about 10 -15 minutes . I ended up going back online and buying glow in the dark paint and a star shaped sponge . We dabbed stars all over his ceiling . These glowing stars last most of the night and our friends and family think his room is really cool .
 I 'm sorry to say I 've been duped , it 's my fault but if you are the kind of person that reads Amazon reviews before ordering , this one may come in handy . I wanted a whole bunch of plastic glow stars for my daughters ' room , I quickly read `` over 700 stars '' , a brief description , and ordered . Most -LRB- over 500 -RRB- of the so called stars are nail sized stickers , not actual plastic stars . I must be honest and say that when I re-read the description of the contents , they did mention it in the product page . The stars are ok , the product does n't get more than two or max three stars as a review , most of them are fairly small anyways . I 'm not saying not to order them , just read carefully . There are much better products in the market .
 725 stars is the most misleading marketing ever . The majority of the stars are as big as your tumb nail . And two pages of itty bitty stickers makes up about 125 of the 725 . Plus they give you about a 1x1 sqaure of putty to put up the things . Really maybe five dollars worth of product , not worth 15 dollars at all . Very dissapointed . Even the box is misleading . See the plastic circular part of it those are all the stars in the entire thing . Why have a box three times larger than the product ?
 When we had our first child , we were told and read that little babies need high contrast objects to develop their visual cortex , so we bought this mobile . This is what this device is supposed to do . Now , after three kids I can say -LRB- three data points -RRB- that none of our kids cared a whit for it.I think the big problem is that it does n't move . This is really not a mobile -LRB- no motor/spinning -RRB- . We have had more than 6 different mobiles for them . All the kids wanted something to move in front of their eyes . Mobiles with bright primary colors -LRB- blue , red , yellow -RRB- seem to do well.With our third kid , my wife convinced me to mount a mobile on the changing table starting at about 2 weeks of age . That one plays a melody , has little animals -LRB- blue , red yellow -RRB- that rotate around , and has to be hand wound , which is a pain . However , that mobile totally transfixes her attention . In my view , this Infant Stim product and related other infant stim products with no motor and no sound are a waste of money .
 This is a good-looking stroller . But to me , strollers should first and foremost be safe and sturdy . This stroller , however , has some design features that put its safety in question.It is narrower than most other strollers , which could be a plus for some folks who need to navigate tight spaces.But I have a strong caution
 what junk , i have a cheapie stroller that has better wheels . . the shading cover is also worthless , i felt ripped off when i made the mistake of buying this .
 Carefully review the other reviews on this item ! The poor reviews are the one 's I should have relied on , not the 5 star reviews ! As other 's have stated , this stroller has a small wheel-base , and therefore has serious stability and safety problems . I did n't think this would be an issue with my 2-month old , since she 's obviously not reaching or leaning out of the stroller yet . However , I do n't feel comfortable with the car-seat stroller combination for this reason . My biggest gripe is that the harness and snaps are of very cheap material , and the straps are VERY difficult to adjust . Ironically , the stroller is quite small , probably too small for a toddler , yet the straps are sized too big for an infant . I actually ca n't get them to adjust tight enough for my baby , so she ends up sliding down in the seat . The cover that some reviews rave about to keep the baby from slipping out the bottom began to rip after just two trips . The canopy does n't extend far enough , making it worthless if you are walking in the rain or sunshine . The stroller is difficult to fold . The only positive on this stroller is the ability to recline easily to any position . I regret the purchase and certainly do n't recommend it to anyone else .
 I had been very excited when I got this stroller for my baby shower . I really liked the light weight and I had the carseat that goes with this stroller . Yes , it was definately a convenience when I had to go out the first few months . But now a year later , the wheels really do not push well . For me , it does not push well on smooth or uneven surfaces . Whenever I am in a store the wheels are always sticking . I have finally decided to retire this stroller . And I 'll be getting a chicco umbrella stroler instead . One of my friends has one so I tried it before I bought it . The wheels and steering are great on it !!! But I had expected the be using the Combi for quite a bit longer than I had . If I had to buy something initially I think I would have gone with Peg Perego or Maclaren.Sorry Combi ... I really wanted to love this stroller .
 I bought this stroller because I was looking for a lightweight umbrella stroller that could also recline . And I was also looking for either an adjustable legrest if I could n't get the bar across the front . This stroller had the removable bar across the front which my daughter liked riding around with her feet propped up on -LRB- really cute -RRB- . The cheaper types did not recline , nor did a lot of them have a sufficient canopy , so I opted for this one . First of all , the upright position never really seemed to sit upright enough , she always looked like she was slumping a bit , yet the recline position did n't lay back as much as I would have liked it to . Also the cord that you use to adjust the recline feature , kept slipping on one side even in the locked position til I decided the only way to lock it was to knot the cord . Now , 100 bucks for an umbrella -LRB- type -RRB- stroller ? It should have locked without a problem . Also folding was a pain in the butt . Supposedly , you could do this with one hand . NOT !!!! It took both hands . I also found that once folded , it took up too much of my trunk space ... in that case , I may as well have kept my Graco LiteRider . Part of my reason for purchasing a smaller stroller , was to reclaim most of my trunk space . And as for the basket ... what basket ???? That was so small , that on our trip to the zoo , all that I could fit in it was a couple bottles of water . Two problems , when the seat is reclined , you ca n't get into the basket without bumping your child in the back . The other problem with the basket is that there is a metal bar connecting the wheels that run right thru the so-called basket . I was very displeased with this stroller and returned it the following week . I ended up getting the Britax Esprit Stroller for the same price . The Esprit has the adjustable leg rest , a decent size canopy , a bigger basket , a cup holder for me in the canopy , and really nice size wheels for a smooth ride . So far I have been very pleased with the Britax.Oh and for the record , the Combi stroller seemed quite snug -LRB- not too snug , but ok -RRB- for my 20 lb . baby , whereas , the Britax is a bit wider and seemed to allow for room to grow . I wonder if the Combi would be big enough for a 45lb . child as the description says . hmmmmm
 I bought this stroller for my daughter about a year ago - I have never liked it . It is extremely difficult to steer , and the basket is all but useless . Folding it up is a joke , and the straps are difficult to fit around her . I have a Bob Revolution which I absolutely love , but it 's too bulky to take on planes etc. . I am right now trying to convince my husband that we should buy yet another stroller - the maclaren volo - which I have tried out and love . This stroller is way over rated .
 I have had this for 1 year and finally just bought a Peg-Perego OH -LRB- One Hand -RRB- . My Combi was impossible to steer and I was constantly running into things in stores . The basket is awfully small and impossible to use . There is a bar across the only area to put something into the basket . Once you finally get something into it , it will drag on the wheels - terrrible design , you think they would try some of these things out before they produced it . I would recommend a Maclaren or Peg-Perego - they have the same features , but you can steer them and use the baskets .
 We bought the City Savvy and the infant carrier because I liked the idea of a smaller travel system , but it really was a waste of money . My son grew out of the infant carrier after about a month and a half , granted he was a big baby , but still - not that big ! Even in that little time , the fabric got very worn where he would kick his feet and his ankles rubbed . So we just used the stoller on its own after that which was a nightmare . It is definitely uncomfortable for anyone over 5 ' 7 -LRB- I am 5 ' 9 and my hubbie is 6 ' 3 , so really a pain for him -RRB- . I travelled with the City Savvy internationally when my son was three months old and that was a huge mistake . It takes two hands no matter what to fold this stroller and the lock is so complicated it is impossible to explain how to do it to anyone trying to help . Impossible to steer with one hand also . It wo n't fold unless the front wheels are aligned all the way back , so you have to tip it back to get it to close properly . Again , impossible with one hand and very frustrating . The plastic lock is pretty flimsy too , so if it is n't closed just right , you 'll bend the plastic . The City Savvy is still fairly bulky once folded and the bottom bin is worthless because a plastic bar runs under the stoller blocking you from putting anything more than a small purse inside . I did give it two stars because I liked the color , the stroller fabric is actually pretty decent , the carrier strap makes it easy to sling over your shoulder , and the recline is fully adjustable making nap time easy . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS STROLLER IF YOU WANT TO BE ABLE TO CLOSE IT WITH ONE HAND the description is competely false in that regard . If you want reclining light weight stroller , there are much better options out there !
 And the customer service was horrendous . First she hung up on us and then would n't let me know who her manager was or forward me to anyone else . Also then we wrote a letter to Combi which was ignored.We were happy with the stroller up till the front swivel wheels automatically locked , when using , instead of only locking when manually pressed . This meant that the stroller could n't turn and was a hazzard . I also forwarded to CSPC but am still waiting for any response . Consider the lack of customer service before you purchase any Combi item .
 what junk ... I ca n't believe i bought it ! horrible wheels , basket , and cover ... this is the worst stroller ever ... Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 We bought this stroller for the same reasons the rest of you did , seemed to be a good buy for a lightweight , compact stroller . I wish I 'd spent twice the $ $ for a better , sturdier brand ! There is no question it is lightweight and compact , however it is also DANGEROUS . My 21lb little girl was strapped in with the 5 point harness , had her feet up on the cross bar and while I was shopping and reaching for an item , she reached for me - causing the stroller to TIP OVER . Luckily I caught her before she hit the ground and her head . I was so upset I called Combi customer service to report the tipping incident , complain about the lack of stability in the stroller and request a refund ... I was shocked to be told that `` on page 2 of the owners manual , it states that if the child is not properly secured , the stroller can tip '' . I am SO ANGRY with this lack of concern and service - apparently COMBI is aware that this can happen . The rep kept insisting that I must have had her strapped in incorrectly . Of course , no manager was available and I 've yet to get a return call . DO N'T BUY THIS STROLLER !!!
 I purchased this stroller for a trip and to keep in my vehicle instead of our full size . It is the worst stroller I could have spent this much money on . You can not steer it with one hand , it handles horribly and its already starting to break -LRB- the plastic handles -RRB- . I broke down and bought a maclaren triumph and love it . I found it on at an popular online auction website for the same price as I paid for this combi !!! Do n't waste your money and patience on this piece of junk .
 The high chair cover is DRY CLEAN only and was stained -LRB- destroyed -RRB- shortly after my son started feeding himself . I have tried to order a replacement cover and have n't had much luck finding one . The other features were nice but really did n't matter since I did n't use the high chair .
 BUYER BEWARE ! We had a terrible incident with our stroller and Combi Customer service was highly unprofessional . READ YOUR WARRANTY !!! I recently purchased the Combi Soho Sport as a lightweight option for traveling around with my 20 month old son . I was pregnant at the time with our second son , and the idea of a quality stroller that weighed only 11 . lbs . was very appealing.I have an average , busy boy who is , by no means , overactive or destructive . He weighs 25 lbs and is 33 in . tall -LRB- The stroller is rated to 40 lbs . -RRB- . I had my son properly strapped in the seat and let go of the handle to push the cross walk indicator . My son leaned forward and the entire stroller tipped over onto the ground . Since my son was strapped in , he went over with the stroller and managed to chip his front tooth on the sidewalk . The basket was empty and nothing was hanging from the stroller.I called Combi to report the incident and was immediately told that I must not have had him strapped in properly . I was so insulted ! There was no mention of an apology , nor question as to my son 's welfare . I was asked to explain the situation , and was subsequently asked why I even took my hand off of the stroller . In real-life usage , parents do not have their hand on the handle at all times . We take our hands off to place contents in the basket , to take out snacks , to talk face-to-face with the child in the stroller . I do not consider my usage poor.The most discouraging part was when a Combi manager told me that their stroller is design-perfect , that they have never had a report as to tipping over , and that MY SON WAS NOT DESIGNED WELL FOR THE STROLLER.I was told that I should return my stroller to the retailer , but since it was past 90 days -LRB- 93 to be exact -RRB- , I could not return it to the store . I was offered a replacement by Combi but with the same stroller.I placed my stroller in the trash , and with it my faith in Combi .
 I have learned my lesson to buy a product that had no reviews because this stroller is awful . We bought this stroller in a bit of a hurry because our original stroller , a travel system stroller by Graco that we loved , got broken by the airlines . I wanted a stroller that had reclining positions , a large canopy , and high handle bars . This stoller had all of my wishes , but sadly the adjustable seat is very hard to work -LRB- actually does n't even work most of the time -RRB- , it is flimsy and rickety feeling when you push it , the wheels get stuck -LRB- even on paved , flat surfaces -RRB- , and the handle bar hurts my hands -LRB- it folds and the plastic is n't smoothed together and can really rub a blister on long walks . -RRB- Oh , and the basket underneath is miniscule and completely worthless ... it might as well not even be there.I am going to have to buy my third stroller and my son is only 9 months old ... here 's hoping the next one lasts the duration !
 We received the Savvy Soho Ex Stroller from our Registry . We waited and got the matching Combi Connection Infant Car Seat . The stroller seemed great , light weight and nice look . The Infant Car Seat also slick with plenty-o-padding . When we tried to put the 2 together ... FRUSTRATION !!!! The car seat would not fit properly and latch on . One side would lock and the other would n't seemed like they did n't do proper testing of the product . We went to the store and had the people at BabysRUs try it too and it was just as difficult . Warning to those interested in a Travel System . We decided to buy the Graco Travel System instead , easy latch on and off , for the price of the Combi Stroller , it 's bulky but it feels more stable . Combi should really check their products and the promise before putting it out on the market . To give them credit though the Stroller on it 's own seems great the infant seat also seems great , but trying to create a ` Travel System ' as they promise is not so easy .
 When deciding to purchase this stroller , I debated between the Mia Moda Spirito and Maclaren Volo . Simply put , I should have chosen the Maclaren . The Mia Moda has some convenient features that the Maclaren did not
 I picked this pattern because my son loves stars , moons , and rockets . However when the comforter arrived , it was very cheap feeling , and paper thin . I wound up returning it because it was so thin and scratchy feelng .
 I purchased this comforter set a few years ago from the manufacturer and returned it as well . Although the design is nice , the quality is extremely lacking and it is definitely scratchy .
 Ca n't say whether it worked or not ... how do you really know . It honestly did n't reassure me too much .
 Ok , I love some of Safety 1sts products - they 're cheap , they 're available everywhere , and they make almost everything . But this monitor was no good . No matter where the reciever was , we had to crank up the volume to be able to hear him . Then , we he finally did make some noise , the sound would go in and out from SUPER LOUD to not a sound at all . Sometimes , the little red lights would be going up and down like crazy and I would finally wake up to hear my baby crying in his room with no sound at all coming through the speaker . Plus - sometimes if you stand in front of it or put your hand on it - it 'll crackle or whine like microphone feedback.Waste of money . We bought the next step up Safety 1st monitor and took that one back as well . We ended up paying the extra 20 $ to get a good quality monitor and never had to worry again .
 I 'm legally deaf , and I can hear my son in the other room before I can hear anything over this monitor when this monitor is turned to top volume . YET it picks up the light switches , television remote , and the neighbors talking next door . I was going to return this and get a refund just on the basis of it being a horrible monitor , and then the power plug broke on top of everything else . Spend twice as much , get a decent monitor . Half the time there IS NO SOUND . And that 's just not because I ca n't hear it , people with normal hearing ca n't hear it either . And the other half of the time you can hear your next door neighbors breathing . This monitor has zero redeeming factors .
 My next door neighbor received a different kind of Safety 1st monitor and now we are both receiving the others baby ... meaning that during the night when I think that I am getting up with my baby it turns out that I am hearing the other baby and when she thinks that she is hearing her baby it is mine . We have tried switching channels and everything , but nothing works . I have tried to find a phone number for Safety 1st but am unable to do so . If I could find the number then I would let them know what I think about their monitors .
 The mix of colors in this set are very disappointing . Greys , blues , and a greenish plaid make for a rather ugly mix of colors quite different from the darling pictures found on the internet . I sent mine back and am starting my search over .
 I share the same zipper experience some others reviewers have had . I pulled on the double zipper pull too hard and one of the zipper pulls fell off its track . And its impossible to fix . I do n't think this would happen if it just had one zipper tgrack and pull on the top . Oh well , I really liked it while it lasted . Too bad .
 My daughter was unable to fit much in the bag to use as a baby bag for her dolls . Instead , she uses it as her lunch bag and loves it . The only thing is a regular size water bottle does not fit . Instead , I put a juice box or small water bottle in for her school lunch .
 My wife recently purchased a Munchkin `` Baby On-the-Go insulated bottle bag from Target in O.C. , California . The first day we opened the bag to use it , I just noticed a prominent greenish gray stain located along the light gray vinyl liner of the bag . The grayish green substance or stain was much heavier along the stitched seam . Honestly , it looked like MOLD if I did n't know better and knew the bag was new , never exposed to moisture . Do they use a glue to help seal the insulation ? If so , is this glue toxic in nature ? I know this is a cheap bag - made in China of course - yet the stain is a bit ominous looking and should have been picked up by quality control . I contacted Munchkin Central as a courtesy to the company and other potential parents , got a disrespectful customer service representative who asked that I send pictures and descriptions of the issue yet offered me no compensation for my time and effort . Again , this is a $ 10 product but I am a very busy professional type and so too is my wife . I got so irritated with the requests from this representative I contacted the corporate office and demanded to speak to the CEO . He never called me back ... to busy running this little sh.t company . Thinks he 's in charge of the White House or Exxon or whatever . Anyhow , I 'd be very reticent to use this bag , I would have concerns about toxicity especially because the bag is manufactured in a country known well for it 's concern for consumer safety -- wink , wink - China . I mean LACK of concern for safety , especially with regard to products made for kids of the foreign export type .
 I bought the Imse Vimse training pants after using the bummis on my 2 year old and the bummis are by far better and worth every penny ! The Imse Vimse training pants are very soft and would probably work for a child who is pretty much fully potty trained with very few accidents . I would recommend the bummis for a child who is just starting to be potty trained . My child wears the bummis at night and his bed has stayed dry !!
 I agree with the above review . This item is poorly designed.Designers at I agree with the above review . This item is poorly designed . Designers at Maclaren probably never placed a baby in this rocker . If they did then , they never bothered to change the basic design flaw i.e. that the toy bar is badly designed to be placed on the rocker . It is difficult to get the baby in & out of this rocker the toy bar and the canopy.Also , my baby hates the vibration that the Maclaren rocker provides.she cried whenever we tried to put her in the rocker . She loves the hanging toys the dog , the rabbit & the elephant.She loves the Fisherprice rainforest bouncer .
 This rocker is badly designed and cheaply built . For example , it is very uncomfortable to get the baby in and out of it . More importantly , the front handle only holds as long as the hood is in place . If the hood gets out of its base , then the whole handle folds and detaches from the chair . This is extremely dangerous and it is very hard to understand how the guys at Maclaren missed it.Avoid .
 I received this seat as a hand-me-down from one of my coworkers and this rocker is in the garbage as I write this horrible review . I used this carrier at my parents cabin when my family goes to visit . I thought the seat was OK until this past weekend.Long story short , my brother grabbed the rocker to bring my daughter out to the shoreline to sit in her seat on the docked pontoon with me and my family . My brother grabbed the rocker by the toy bar which broke off the rocker as they walked on the dock . My daughter somersaulted head first onto the dock and nearly into the lake if it was n't for my brother 's quick thinking . She thankfully did not suffer any severe head trauma , but has scrapes on her face and nose.Now , I will admit there is some fault on our part for my brother not securing her properly in her seat , BUT there should be some kind of caution ON the toy bar that CLEARLY states this is not to be used as a handle . I found an owner 's manual online that cautions this in the manual , but nothing on the seat itself.I fortunately did not see the accident happen , but I will make Maclaren aware of this safety issue . In all honesty I do n't think an eighteen year old man should know how to carry this seat , but I have talked with several others who have used this seat and experienced the same scenario.Accidents happen , but keep this in mind when you purchase this product .
 I bought this for my daughter because she needed larger sleep sacks and I like the zip around feature . They are great and soft , they are also long enough for a growing baby . However , one morning my daughter woke up with a bloody cheek . It took a while to realize that the scratches on her face were from the velcro on the shoulder straps . I stopped using these sleep sacks that day and bought new ones with snaps at the shoulders . There is a small warning on the tag that says to not put the velcro closure near your baby 's face because it could scratch . How can you not put your baby 's shoulder near her face ?? I would not buy this again or recommend it to anyone . I would recommend saving your money on this product and buying a better sleep sack without velcro closures .
 I love the concepts of sleepsacks - and our son is very cozy in them . The Kiddopatamus brand is usually reliable - we could n't have done w/o their swaddlers for his first 4 months . However , the design of this product is flawed - it was a good idea in theory to have a zip around sleepsack so could put a sleepy baby in it without having to deal with putting their arms through holes like the Halo sack , BUT the velcro tabs are horrible ! They are at a level where they scratched my son 's cheeks/chin whenever he 'd sleep with his head turned to one side . I tried attaching them loosely and snugly to see if it was just the level where I had velcroed them in place - but no - it 's definitely a design flaw . We stopped using this sack and purchased several of the Halo sleepsacks - spend the few extra bucks and save yourself the pain !
 I am a huge fan of Kiddopotamus products but this one failed to impress . The concept is excellent but there is a design flaw - the velcro strips at the shoulders scratched my son 's cheaks near his jaw when he turned his head . Even when the greatest care was taken to ensure the velcro was fastened tightly - he 'd still wake up with little scratches . Very disappointing . We have since thrown this sleep sack out and purchased the Kiddopotamus sleepsack with sleeves and no velcro -LRB- which we love and I 'd highly recommend -RRB- .
 There are so many sacks to choose from so I bought this because it was inexpensive . My son is in 6 month clothing so I bought a larger size . The neck was too big and the velcro - in order to be secure - are too loud when they need to be undone . I will be returning this and probably purchasing the Halo version - mostly due to the velcro being so loud .
 I purchased this sleep sack because I liked the idea of the zip around the bottom , and I still do . the sleep sack unzips all the way around which means you can lay it down and zip a sleeping baby into it easily which has worked really well for us.One BIG negative is the hard scratchy velcro on the shoulder tabs . Although I am always very careful to cover the hard velcro when I do it up , my daughter has a habit of twisting her head all the way to one side and she has woken up with very angry looking scratch marks several time , once even in the middle of the night and it really was very red and scratched.The sleep sack is well designed with the zipper , but I am not fond of the velcro and plan to remove it and add snaps before I use this one again.I 'm giving it two stars for the zip around design , it loses the rest because of the velcro .
 This is the worst chair to buy for your baby . I bought this chair when my daughter was 4 months old -LRB- she is 16 months today -RRB- and I have been using it the entire time since she started solids . The only nice thing about it is the style is funky and people ask me about it all the time . I bought it because I thought it would be useful as a table and chair as well as a highchair . She is about 32 inches tall and still too short to use it as a table and chair . Assembly was easy and quick with plastic `` screws '' that you can use a quarter to tighten it up . I have found that the screws loosen all the time and have had to tighten them up at least six times since I have bought it . Secondly , there are two slots in the back for the safety straps , but only one opening in the seat cover , so the upper slot is pretty much useless since the cover openings are only positioned for the lower slots . Also , threading it through the slots and the cover was really difficult . The seat cover is not machine washable , but can be wiped clean . After a year of using it , I noticed that the plastic layer on the cover was separating by the leg area and has since ripped off -LRB- like plastic wrap -RRB- . The absolute worse part about this chair is the huge space between the tray and the back of the seat , both in the innermost/upright position , there is about 11 inches of space there . Unless you have a super chubby huge baby , most of the food will end up in the baby 's lap . I use a Bibbity , and the food still falls past it and into her lap . Also , there is a safety `` stump '' looking thing attached to the seat that prevents your baby from slipping underneath the tray . The strap that goes between the legs comes through an opening right in front of this `` stump '' . So , you can imagine the kind of food bits that end up around the strap and inside the seat bottom . This part is not easy to clean , and if something liquidy goes in there , you 'll have to take it apart with a screwdriver . My baby had a lot of trouble with her gag reflex and would often throw up in the chair . Many times -LRB- at least 50 times that I remember -RRB- , some of the throw up would go in that space , and under the `` stump '' and I would have to take it apart to clean it . It was a pain , but then I got smarter and had a plastic bowl handy during mealtimes to try to catch it before it went into her lap . Of course , anyone who has a baby with this problem , knows that it is n't easy to anticipate or catch it in time . There are also two colored `` buttons '' on the tray which seem to have no purpose other than to collect bits of food under it . The safety clip is very snug and I have pinched my fingers and my daughter 's tummy in it many times while securing it . I always got a bruise that would last a few days , it is that sore ! This chair would be great if the seat cover was more durable and had openings for the upper slots , and if the tray could slide in closer to your baby . I wish I had bought the Fisher Price Healthy Care highchair instead . It is a bulky chair that takes up a lot of room . It is hardly portable in its assembled state , although I do admit to taking the `` chair '' part with the tray to visit relatives since it fits in the back of my SUV.I now use the Fisher Price Healthly Care booster chair during visits instead . I also have a Combi stroller and have used the Connection infant carrier which I loved , so I was very disappointed that Combi put out such a poorly designed highchair.Update -LRB- April 2010 -RRB- I have kept this highchair with hopes that I might get some use out of it . Since having another baby , I took it out to check it . The colored lift out tray and the two colored `` nubs '' somehow got tacky with age , you know how some plastic gets that way ? So I have tossed out the colored tray , and used pliers to wrench out the colored nubs . There are now two holes but at least they are not sticky and whatever food goes in there , I can wipe off , and it ends up on the arm part when you slide the tray off completely . As for the huge gap , I bought a foam seat insert and put it in a 2 gallon ziploc bag to keep it clean , and I use it as a backrest , which puts baby right up to the front . Though it looks ugly , at least the highchair is still functional as a highchair . I had to cut out parts for the straps and have those loosened all the way in order to buckle in baby .
 I 'll just ADD to the other reviews , but I must complain about the harness buckles .1 . Safety harness/belt buckles - my wife 's finger was bleeding recently - that 's how hard they are . Extremely hard to open and close .2 . Reclining back rest . There are three positions and you need to pull up a locking handle behind the back rest , then recline . Almost impossible to adjust - it gets stuck , you need to use force , it then `` snaps '' into the new position . Do n't even try to change the angle with baby in the seat - you may hurt the baby when it snaps .3 . The removable plastic food tray . It arrived slightly deformed . It 's not completely flat , so it wobbles in its base and makes noise .4 . Static . Because the chair is entirely made of hollow plastic parts - it 's like a static dust and hair magnet .
 We have a convertible car seat that does n't have a canopy to protect our newborn from the sun so I bought this shade , hoping it would do the trick . Unfortunately , it did n't . We installed the canopy on our car seat , which is rear-facing right now due to our baby 's small size , and it only provided a little bit of protection . The sun was still shining right in his face . Maybe it works on the smaller infant car seats but it did n't work for us . : - -LRB-
 I am a bit dissapointed . I bought this to protect my 4 month old from the sun . Having a 3-stage car seat , it is difficult to find a canopy to attach . It does n't work very well for rear-facing since the top is shaped like a duck-bill . Fingers crossed that it works better when I switch her to forward facing . It does keep the sun off her from the side windows , and it was easy to connect to the car seat .
 This little paci is a great idea ! It is in need of improvement , though.It is great for
 I bought this for my 5 week old son who has reflux and is on zantac which he refuses to take out of the syringe because it tastes so bad . I thought this would be the answer but it 's not . You can not gradually push the medicine into the pacifier it just all shoots in there at once with quite a bit of force too . My son gagged when this happened and spit out the majority of the medicine .
 I bought one of these and it worked magnificently . It closed easily , the plunger moved slowly and it was easy to clean . It had a star-shaped piece of plastic in the bottom.I purchased a second one which is a never-ending headache to use
 Great idea ! I was excited to be able to use this but when i pushed the plunger it went squirting in babys eyes : -LRB-
 The problem with this pacifier is that the medicine is shot into the back of your child 's throat . I now know why it cost three dollars ... cheap enough so everyone wants one . That exactly what it is ... cheap . I 'll save you the frustration ... this is NOT your new great way of givings meds to your children . I have 5 month old twins and after giving them meds with it the last time i went directly to the trash can and threw it away . And no , I 'm not that idiot that gives everything bad reviews online . Save some money and frustration and join the group who is still hunting for a good way to give your children medicine .
 We purchased this to dispense gripe water to our newborn son . It works extremely well in administering the liquid to him as he has no problem accepting the pacifier or sucking out the medicine , which we use daily . Unfortunately , the dispenser began leaking shortly after we started using the plunger portion . Perhaps our item is defective , but the leaking renders it extremely messy -LRB- and the gripe water is sticky -RRB- and we will be buying a replacement , after owning this for only six weeks .
 This is hard to squirt , so nit tend to shoot out hard and fast . baby knows what it is and treats it just like a syringe . a real dud
 i was almost impossible to open the chamber to put liquid in , almost broke the dam thing , use an oral syringe
 Its a cheap piece of plastic that does NOT open or close easily . Worthless ! You are better off buying the munchkin dispenser or safety first .
 This medicine dispenser itself is a great idea . My daughter has no issues with sucking down the medicine with this pacifier . . However , what is up with it being so hard to open and close ?? They need to sort this flaw out . The last thing I want to be dealing with is a screaming child in one arm , and wresting with a medicine dispenser open close function with the other hand .
 Title says it all , do n't waste your money on it ! It leaks everywhere and is very difficult to use , One more piece of junk in the landfill .
 Purchase this for my 20 month child . The pacifier would n't stay closed , causing medication to fly in my baby face .
 Honestly , it drips really fast and then if you try to use the plunger part , it 's just like using a syringe . This never even got used for us after the first attempt .
 Velcro swaddles are much easier to use than this product which has nothing to secure the fabric . My son easily busted out of the swaddle , no matter how tight I wrapped him .
 I bought this for my Houdini baby who could get his arms free from any swaddlers . I had such high hopes that this would be the answer to more sleep , but he absolutely hated it . We used it three nights in a row and endured crying after he struggled and struggled to try to free himself . We gave up and went back to the Swaddlers Halo Sleep Sack , which he promptly pulled an arm from and started sucking on his hand . I think he likes the comfort of sucking and needs that -LRB- and is n't a pacifier kind of kid . -RRB- . So this did n't work for us . Material is soft and seems high quality .
 Most people really like this , and I am in the minority of people who do not.The way this thing works is that you pin the baby 's arms to their sides and use these mini wraps to hold the arms down . Then you use the large wrap to swaddle them up . To me , the mini arm wraps were hard to use because I could n't hold the kid 's arms down , use the wraps , and then wrap up the whole thing without him wriggling free . It was too many things to do all at once.In the end , we just used the large swaddling blankets we took home from the hospital . I do n't know how others use a regular blanket for swaddling , but the way I do it only requires me to immobilize one arm at a time . Yes you have to learn how to do the multiple folds and that is too complicated for some people . But for us , it was just as escape proof as the miracle blanket but at a small fraction of the cost.Different strokes for different folks ...
 I do n't like this swaddling blanket since I have to move my baby around -LRB- lift back especially -RRB- several times to put this on . I have to lift the back to put the arm restraint on for each arm . Another time for the right flap so it is tucked under the baby 's back . Then at least 2-3 more times to wrap the left flap around the baby . I do n't like this at all.I prefer a quick , simple solution such as the Halo Swaddle Blanket or Summer Infant Swaddlepod .
 I bought three of these swaddles after friends told me this was the best one . It worked well when my son was 1-4 weeks old . Soon however he began kicking the pouch down and breaking free which made the swaddle , in my opinion dangerous.WARNING !!! Also I have to warn new moms , when your child does begin to break free the large flap of material will end up over the baby 's face and neck . I soon began to panic and wake up all night checking to make sure the material was not choking my son . Also , their arms can get stuck in weird positions within the swaddle.Also , do not leave your baby swaddled in a swing or bouncy chair unless you leave the feet pocket off.Because my son has GER he needs to be swaddled to get any sleep . This is not a swaddle for babies larger than 10 lbs.I have had no problems with the Halo Swaddle .
 The miracle blankets are wonderful , and work as advertised . However , the died natural blanket is obviously cut different or shrinks much more than normal , as after 1 week , it no longer fit .
 We had been using a fleece/velcro swaddle until our son was about 10 weeks , when we switched to a Miracle Blanket on a recommendation from a friend . Over the next week , he began to see breaking out of the blanket as a game . He 'd wiggle from side-to-side to loosen the main piece of wrapped fabric , and thrust his upper torso up to gradually loosen his arms from the inner flaps to eventually break both arms free . This would repeat at least 3 times a night , and would result in him agitated and wide awake . After several weeks , his sleep habits worsened , I am convinced as a result of this blanket . We switched him back to the generic fleece/velcro swaddle and he has been sleeping much better . As before , he occasionally breaks an arm out , but falls right back to sleep.I think there are two design flaws with the Miracle Blanket
 My 3mth old is big & long and is about to outgrow his swaddler blankets -LRB- I use HALO and love them ! -RRB- . I am not ready to give up the swaddle , so I was looking for something else to use . This had such great reviews , that I thought I would give it a try . He woke up in the middle of the night with the blanket completely off and the long strap wraped around his neck and around his face :-LRB- In the blankets defense , he was at the larger end of the weight limit -LRB- he 's 16lbs -RRB- , so maybe it would work on smaller babies ? I would rather have the velcro stracth or wake him up then use something unsafe . I also did n't love that you had to strap their arms straight down to their sides . Not a huge deal , but just a personal preferance . I returned it.BTW ... I found the Woombie has some swaddlers that go up to 19 and even 26lbs . I have n't tried them though , so I have no idea if they 're any good .
 Not only is this swaddler harder to put on -LRB- takes longer than the Velcro kinds because you have to loop additional fabric over each arm and under their back -RRB- but my 3 month old was able to wiggle her arms out of it even when I have snuggly wrapped her in it ! For all that hassle of exfra fabric -LRB- which annoys her while putting it on -RRB- I still end up with a baby waking herself up by her hands touching her face ! I 'm going to see if making the `` arm loops '' less loose helps though the directions say to make it loose around their arms , I may have to do it tighter ? Just to let you know if you 're also having this issue . If she could n't get out , this would be a 4 star product due to the hassle nd length of time it takes to put on.The only pro this has over other swaddlers is that it does n't have that loud sound of Velcro every time you put it on and take it off.Also , I could n't find this product in an organic fabric . If the company is reading this , I would love an organic option . Thanks ! ; -RRB-
 Considering the great reviews , I was disappointed in this product . We bought this swaddle blanket when our baby was about 1 and 1/2 months , and it was already too small . She was able to get her legs out by pushing the bottom part down and creating a space in between the wrap and the bottom . When wrapped tighter she would push the entire thing down with her legs , thereby freeing her arms . Also , it 's not really easy to put back on after middle of the night feedings , it 's quite a long process .
 I was told by friends that I had to have this blanket for my new baby . I thought $ 30 was a little much , but my friends were very convincing . When I received it and tried it out , it was impossible to get on my baby . I have used other swaddle blankets with greater ease . All in all I would not waste my money on this blanket again when there are easier to use ones for less .
 Our baby wo n't sleep without being swaddled . She is now 5 months old . We have used everything out there , and this was our least favorite . After spending so much on it , I was disappointed that we only used it when every other swaddler we had was dirty.Here 's what I do n't like :1 . It takes so long to get on . With a squirmy baby , she 'll be out of it before you get done wrapping . It 's really hard to wrap under the baby , and tuck here and there .2 . I do n't like having her arms straight down where she ca n't move them at all . In the womb , she could move her arms .3 . The way the pouch is made , one side is lower than the other . She gets her leg out of the lower side consistently.Our favorite swaddler by far is the Woombie . All you do is zip it up and snap the top , and you 're done ! And the baby can still move her arms and put them by her chest or whereever she wants , but it is tight enough that her hands ca n't bother her , and it is escape-proof . She can even suck on her fingers a bit through the fabric of the Woombie , which allows her to calm herself . This swaddler did n't even come close to the convenience and functionality of the Woombie . Unfortunately , the Woombie is almost as expensive as this . You could try the Swaddlepod first , which is similar to a Woombie but cheaper . I do n't like it quite as much as the Woombie , but since it is only $ 10 , it is worth a try .
 This product is great in theory , but very impractical . the `` straps '' that wrap around the baby 's arms are way to thick and bulky and so it bunches up underneath the baby and isnt comfortable . This swaddle also leaves the baby 's legs way too much room to kick around and wake themselves up . It is aso tedious to have to unwrap this in the middle of the night to change a diaper . I was very dissappointed with this product so I returned it
 After reading `` The Happiest Baby '' book I planned to swaddle my baby . I bought various swaddling contraptions , this being one of them . First of all , the nurses at the hospital are expert swaddlers and can teach you how to use a simple receiving blanket to give a way better swaddle than this thing could ever create . Second , I happened to have a super baby who despised swaddling and bust out of even the tightest swaddles . This thing was a joke to her . . she 'd be out before I could finish wrapping her . This is just another thing I wasted my money on while pregnant .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Read this ... swaddling an infant with his/her arms down is inappropriate . Infants need their hands for comfort . Yes the baby had tight quarters in utero but they certainly were n't restrained with their arms at their sides !
 I swaddle my baby with receiving blankets and other swaddlers that do not inhibit her movement . And Full Disclosure - I have not used a miracle blanket coz I dont like the mummified look kids have in it . With regular swaddling - My baby wakes up frequently and its tough for me to get anything done . The first 2 weeks were terrible . . but I would not swaddle her like an Egyptian Mummy just to get some quiet time . If human babies were intended to be tightly swaddled , believe me - nature would have taken care of it ... and human kids would be born into something akin to a human kangaroo pouch ... nature is smarter than all of us . There is a reason why babies are born kicking and screaming ! Who knows what the effects are of tightly swaddling a baby . So why take your chance with your little one . Initially taking care of the baby will be tough . Many of us have to go thru ordeals like sleepless nights , latching issues etc etc and some sleep is all we need . But just be patient for 2 weeks and by the end of the 3rd , you should get the hang of dealing with your little bundle of joy -LRB- or little terror machine as I call mine :-RRB- !! -RRB-
 Where is the miracle ? These blankets do n't hold a candle to Aden and Anais swaddling blankets . I tried using this product and was not impressed . I would n't even give it away ... do n't make the mistake , go with the better swaddling blanket . Also you could n't use this for anything but swaddling ... waste of money .
 I bought this with high hopes ... they were shattered ! my little one could kick his feet out within min . Also I contacted the company and they are SOOOO rude and hard to deal with . Do n't do it . Learn how to swaddle well with a regular blanket
 Every baby is different but ours did not do well with the miracle blanket . People had told me how great it was , so I was willing to spend the money , since it is pretty expensive , but in the end it was a waste . We ordered it because he had started breaking out of the velcro swaddles at night , and waking himself up . But , not only was the miracle blanket very tricky to put on , but he broke out of it even more frequently than the velcro swaddle .
 Yes , yes , I read Karp 's Happiest Baby on the Block , and yes , I believe that swaddling itself is the miracle-not this blanket . I had a few swaddlers from First YearsThe First Years Easy-Wrap Swaddler - Yellow -LRB- much cheaper and worked better -RRB- , but my son outgrew them . So , I decided to try the Miracle Blanket . I wish I had n't spent the money . First , the price is very high . Second , it 's a long blanket that wraps -- there are no closures -LRB- velcro , snaps , etc -RRB- , so he tends to slip down into the blanket , and the arm flaps bunch up in his armpits -LRB- uncomfortable -RRB- . What 's worse , the blanket unravels and wraps around his neck . Scary ! He gets very hot in this blanket -LRB- despite central A/C and ceiling fan -- his back and neck are drenched ! -RRB- , and overheating is another risk factor for SIDS . Oh , and forget about `` quick '' middle-of-the-night diaper changes -- it 's nearly impossible to get his legs out of the bottom pouch , so wrestling him out of the blanket wakes him up . Overall , I would not recommend this blanket .
 To all future mommies , do n't buy this product . You do n't want to spend the few hours you do get to sleep trying to wrangle this thing on a newborn or young infant . Swaddling is great at night , when you 're trying to get the baby to sleep on her own and you want to make it as easy as possible for you . I bought three swaddle blankets , the Kiddapotamus , the Miracle Blanket and the Halo Swaddleme Sack Micro Fleece . I have a Winter Baby , and the only one I used consistently that actually got my baby to sleep was the Halo , it 's so easy to use , just zip and velcro that you can do it in the dark in your bedroom after night feedings . And the micro fleece fabric prevents him/her from wriggling out . I have an 8 week old and she is now sleeping 4-5 hour chunks at night . This helped me not disrupt her so that she could fall straight back to sleep after having her night feed . She actually only used the Swaddleme from week 3 - week 6 , but it got her hooked to good sleeping habits that when she outgrew the thing , she continues to sleep well . My neighbor also used the Halo , and her 2 month old was sleeping 6 hours straight . Anyways just buy the Halo one , it 's simpler and easier and wo n't drive you nuts .
 I read all the good reviews and bought this miracle blanket for my 8 weeks baby . It was too many steps to swaddle the baby , and almost impossible to swaddle a cranky baby . My daughter did like it once she was swaddled , but in the morning when she was crying & kicking , the longer side of the wrap was wrapped around her neck , and her legs were already out . Dangerous !! I do n't know why others like it so much , but it did not work for me .
 After using the wipes in the supplied pop up container I am disappointed.The wipes work as expected but the cheaply made dispenser keeps dropping the wipes . This means you have to open the lid and fish out the next wipe which is clinging tightly to the ones below it.Poor design.EZ John
 They are sized about right for a small dog or a baby ... not an adult of average size .
 does n't do a good job . I would not recommend , and usually I am the person who just says nothing if I am displeased !
 I got this product and boiled it as directed to sterilize . I now have 10 bottles that are partially melted , same with the caps and the little inserts . Worst part of it is that I now have melted plastic on the bottom of my good pot ! I am still using the bottles to store milk , but not really happy with the product .
 These are cheaper than most bottles , and with their under-lid insert -LRB- which is another piece to clean -RRB- they do n't leak , but they are also the only ones we use that regularly break . Admittedly , it 's when I drop the frozen bottle on the floor , but it happens -LRB- the pink lid cracks -RRB- .
 It looks like a really handy product . Unfortunately the bottle threads are incompatible with the Lansinoh Affinity breast pump . I 've had some `` standard '' bottles be difficult to thread , but these would n't even thread the slightest bit . That really reduces the convenience factor of the product . I 'll be using Lansinoh 's storage bottles instead . Their bottles are too long to fit in the rack , so the rack itself is also not useful for me .
 Love the idea , and it works great ... except that the bottles are very poor quality . I 've had to throw half the bottles away already , due to several of them developing slow leaks from their bottom seams . Ca n't recommend purchasing this unless the manufacturer can source a better-quality bottle.Has anyone tried substituting with Ameda or Medela milk-storage bottles ? Do they roll down the slope correctly ?
 The rack system is a great idea , but these bottles do not thread onto Medela pump system heads .
 My daughter has no idea what to think of this potty . It is a TOY ! I completely agree with what others said . . it is a wonderful toy , but its purpose -LRB- to be a potty -RRB- is ignored by the child b/c they are having too much fun playing ! I also agree it is way to sensitive . My daughter will just lift up the seat and it says `` you did it ! You went potty ! `` I do not recommend this potty for potty training . Go with a simple , non-toy version of the potty !
 We bought two different Fisher Price potties - one for upstairs and one for downstairs - just in case :-RRB- This model is way too sensitive . If my son so much as twicthed , the potty told him he had successfully peed . In the beginning , he thought he was pretty hot stuff ! Finally , I turned the thing off and he just sat on it and told me on his own when he was done . The other bad thing is that the splash guard comes off way too easily . Every time I 'd turn around , my son would have the thing in his hand which is not a good thing when training a boy ! My son has rather generous thighs and when I 'd get him off the potty , the splash guard would come too !
 This is a very fun TOY . It is not a good potty ! My son likes to find things to put into it to hear it sing . The pee guard comes out way to easy and for some reasone a child can lift the white part of the seat and slam it on their fingers.All in all it sings fun songs and it would be a fun toy . We ended up returning this and getting the baby bijorn potty . Works like a potty not a toy .
 The seat is fun to play with , but that is also the problem . My son was so distracted with the features and songs he NEVER sat still long enough to go to the bathroom .
 We purchased this potty for my 21 month old daughter yesterday because her favorite thing about the potty is the handle . She was very dissapointed that it did n't make a real flushing sound . Because she is a girl we do not use the splash guard and that leaves a hole in the blue lid where there is room for the guard to pertrude . She stuck her hand in the hole and was not able to get it out . We had to pull her hand out leaving a scratch and a bruise on her hand . While the concept of this potty was a great one it was poorly executed .
 The potty is cute but it 's not worth the money . It sings before my daughter even uses it . As soon as she sit down it starts singing . . Whats the point ? I was expecting it to sing only if she potty . So she has no clue when she does something right .
 I agree with all of the other reviews about this product , in that it was cute and had some neat features -LRB- sounds , etc -RRB- . However , my son is tall and he was uncomfortable with having to sit at an awkward angle . Now for the sound effects
 I bought the fun to learn potty because it was one of two options at that particular store and it was cute . I have used it through the entire potty training process and now that my son is finally using the actual toilet I walked it outside and threw it in the trash-despite the fact that I have a younger son who is still in diapers.Reasons why I hate this potty
 This is the worst potty for boys.It is really small so my 3 year old barely fits on it.He has been forced to urinate standing up -LRB- which I guess is best in the long run -RRB- because the shield squishes his parts !!! and now he is afraid of getting hurt.The potty is not made well for boys nor does it take into consideration `` aim '' or lack of it . When my son urinates , if he does n't get it all directly in the green pan , it leaks from in between the seat on to the floor and in between the base of the potty . This thing is disgusting . I have to take it apart and clean it every single time he pees !!!! Also , the sensor is too sensitive . It sings and says he went when nothing happened.I wish I would have spent the money on a simple potty without bells and whistles . Now all my 1 year old wants to do is play with this nasty potty . I finally threw it away and just let my son use the regular toilet .
 I ca n't even use this chair with my son . The plastic seat is way too hard for him to sit on for more than a few minutes . -LRB- go buy a cheaper one that has a cushion type seat -RRB- . The music is wayy to loud , the sensor is way too sensitive , and its way too obnoxious . He hates it , and so do I.
 I have to say that I thought this potty was very cute but it was just a toy for my daughterand nothing else . I also took another reviewers advice and visited a website that she recommendedin order to recieve a monetary gift . Now I am bombarded with junk emails . . hundreds at a time . Do n't trust the website . . I am guessing that she has some affiliation with them .
 My daughter thinks of this potty more as a toy than a potty . She refuses to use it for anything else . Maybe there 's too many distractions and bells and whistles with this product . It looks nice though !
 My kids want to play in it but do n't want to sit on it . The music is very loud and the sensor turns the voice that says `` you went potty '' on when little hands go into the bowl . This encourages kids to touch the inside of the bowl , not exactly tidy . Get a Baby Bjorn . This thing is going out in the next yard sale !
 We 're just starting to acclimate my 20 mo. old with using the potty . I agree with those who wrote about the oversensitive sensor on the potty chair . Every time my daughter sits on the potty it tells her `` way to go - you did it '' when in fact she has n't gone at all . I think the toilet paper and flush have definately helped make her fearless about using the regular potty , but when it comes time for serious training , I 'm going to have to turn the sound off because it is so misleading . She 's had more success the few times she has sat on the regular toilet - this is indeed an expensive toy !
 I agree with other comments regarding `` Noise '' being distracting . My son is 5 years old and still loves to use this potty WITHOUT it turned on ! My biggest complaint is it is IMPOSSIBLE to keep all the little nooks and crannies clean and at this point I am ready to throw it in the trash as it stinks !!! The urine gets trapped around all the sensor parts and there are so many crevices that it 's impossible to clean them thoroughly every time one of my 2 kids uses the potty ! Not a good investment and would definitely not buy it again . My recommendation to anyone looking for a potty seat , KEEP IT SIMPLE !
 We have had this potty for close to a year and all my nearly 3 year old son will do is play with it . He figured out how to fool the sensors in the potty and sticks his hand between his legs to get it to talk back to him . The splash guard is worthless as it comes off too easily and makes it difficult for my son to sit down without sitting on it . Might be a good idea for a girl or a child that refuses a plain potty .
 I bought this potty seat for my son and when I put the batteries in it the batteries -LRB- which were brand new -RRB- the back of the battery compartment got dangeroulsy hot and when I opened it to take the batteries out the batteries were exploding ! I am returning it where I purchased it . Unless this was a defective one , I would not recommend this at all .
 This plays nice songs and is a fun TOY , but I would n't recommend it if you are serous about potty training . While the seat and back can be removed from the base to attach to a toilet , we found that it either does n't attach well and slides around -LRB- depending on your toilet size and shape -RRB- or it attaches so well -LRB- to a standard size toilet -RRB- that it 's a pain to undo it so an adult can use the toilet . You need to reach in and squeeze four clips one at a time to release it from the toilet . Also , it takes up a bit of floor space , so if you have a small bathoom , you 'll be tripping over this -LRB- plus a stool -RRB- .
 This seat is definitely cute and lots of fun ! However , it seems to be a little too much fun as my son has completely missed the purpose because of all of the distractions!Reasons I do not recommend this product :1 -RRB- LOUD , unadjustable music2 -RRB- Sensor for when your child uses the potty is much too sensitive ; if your child reaches down the sensor blares music telling the child they used the potty3 -RRB- The music that blares `` You did it '' then tells the child to get toilet paper ... Then the toilet paper tells the child to flush ... Good concept , but just way too much when the child did n't go in the first place ! 4 -RRB- Unlike some other urine guards , this one is a small hard plastic piece ; my son had a hard time sitting down into a position without catching himself on it and it hurt ! 5 -RRB- Urine guard is too easy to remove ; another fun distraction6 -RRB- At 22 mos , my son seems almost too big for this potty . He has always been tall for his age , but 22 mos is on the early end of the potty-training spectrum!We have had more success with a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- soft potty seat that goes on top of the regular toilet . The Fisher Price Fun to Learn potty has just been an expensive toy for us .
 I bought this potty because I thought it was SOOOO cute , looking like a real toilet with the toilet paper roll and everything ! I still think it 's cute , but just like many other reviewers say , all the music and talking and sounds are WAY too distracting to be able to actually learn potty training . And , like other reviewers say , the sensor is NOT accurate , so it 's always saying the child went potty when they did n't . Very confusing for a child who 's trying to learn to really `` go '' in the potty.We 're currently potty training our daughter , and we have three training potties -- this one , an older one that has a soft seat , and one that fits into the ring of the big toilet -- and this potty is the last one my daughter will pick when it 's `` potty time . '' When we first got it she had a blast with it , using it as a toy and nothing more . Now that the newness has worn off , she shows very little interest in it.If I had it to do over , I would have given her this potty without the batteries in it and without her even knowing it had the capability to make all the sounds.Here 's a suggestion
 We bought this thinking our son would love the neaty gadgets and sounds ... We had several major issues with it .1 -RRB- The pee guard . It does n't really latch on and STAY on . Our son was irritated with the pee guard we he was first learning and kept ripping it off the seat then throwing it accross the room . As luck would have it , when I would go retrieve the item , he would pee and since there was no guard , the pee would go everywhere BUT in the seat / pot.To resolve this I had to use special adhesive for plastics -LRB- super glue did n't work AT ALL -RRB- which took 24 hours to set which interuppted our potty training . It also turned part of the seat yellow which made it look dirty even when it was not . But I had no choice - the guard HAD to stay on .2 -RRB- The sensors were too sensitive and would go off even when he did nothing . He could just sdjust his position in the seat and it would tell him he did a great job going potty even though he never went .3 -RRB- The sounds and gadgets were TOO distracting . He wanted to play with them and would turn around in the seat and this would sometimes be when he was about to pee and it would end up all over me / the floor / whatever was nearby . I finally just took the batteries out and told him it was broken .4 -RRB- When he was ready to use the actual potty , we took it apart per direction and placed it on top of one of our toilet seats . Everytime he pees I have to hold down his `` bits '' because the seat does not go all the way down to make a seal between the potty seat and the toilet seat , thus it leaks out from under the potty seat onto the toilet seat and then down the front of the toilet and onto his pants / underware / etc. . The pee guard is useless for this feature . Sometimes even when I do hold his stuff down , if he wiggles or moves , then he is not in position ... There is only one position he can be in or it will go all over the seat and down the toilet and onto his clothes.It was the most expensive toilet seat available at the store . We thought we would be getting a top quality seat from begining to end of our son 's potty training experience . The price is what motivated me to try and make it work for us . Finally , I threw the darned thing in the garbage and just got a circo toilet seat with a pee guard for the toilets . It was the least expensive toilet adapter and it turned out to be the best.If we have another child , I am going to get the basic toilet seat / no frills and the inexpensive toilet adapter . Both together were a fraction of what we paid for this seat and would be a million times less aggrevating.DON ' T waste your money .
 Here 's why I would buy another , simpler product .1 -RRB- the seat is so sensitive that the music/reward tunes blare out `` You did it ! '' or `` Get the toilet paper '' with the slightest pressure . Not exactly what you want for kids who are just getting used to the idea of going on a toilet . My son thinks he 's really gone potty & wants to play with the toilet paper or the flush handle long before he 's truly gone ! 2 -RRB- Like other reviewers , I noticed early on that the splash guard comes off very easy - makes a nice mess when your little boy pulls it off at the last minute & whizzes all over the floor , his pants , etc. . Kind of defeats the purpose of the catch basin .3 -RRB- VERY LOUD music is not adjustable . Even my son puts his hands over his ears & says `` Too loud '' . He even goes so far as to turn the thing off himself as soon as he 's finished .4 -RRB- Seat is very low to the ground & makes it difficult for late potty trainers . My son is 21/2 and is tall for his age & squatting down this low has been hard for him.We bought this mainly because our son loves to flush the toilet & play with the toilet roll . We thought if he had one his own size it would be a better learning tool & while he does seem to enjoy going on this potty versus using the stool to climb onto the big toilet with the ring , this is NOT the one to buy . All the bells & whistles are obnoxiously loud & the seat is barely functional for it 's designed use - toilet TRAINING . I love all the other FP items I have , but this one is a complete LEMON .
 I agree , this is more of a toy . My 21/2 yr old twin boys took to playing/sitting on it immediately , and as other reviews stated , it sang `` you went potty '' when they clearly did n't . My biggest grip , however , is the urine splatter guard for usage w/boys . The guard does n't `` clamp '' on tight at all , so when my kids simply sit down , the guard falls off , or it simply falls off when they try to lift the seat . When I called to complain to FP , they did n't seem concerned -- do n't they even test their products ??!! Also agree w/how low it is to the ground , and it only accomodates a 40 lb child - other seats are good for 50 lb child . Save your $ $ , and go w/a cheaper potty .
 We thought this potty would be nice because it looks more like a real potty than some of the others . But like others have experienced , my daughter has more fun playing with it than sitting on it . The first time my daughter communicated the need to go potty , she sat on it for a few seconds , then got off to play with it . She ended up going potty on the floor right next to it , which scared her and I think slowed her potty training progress.Also , even when she is just sitting on the potty , the sensor is constantly going off and telling her she went potty when she did n't . How confusing ! I may go out and buy a Baby Bjorn to replace this thing . ========= Update
 This promised to be a great aid for potty training , but turned out to be an over-priced toy that does n't help with potty training at all . In fact it hinders . The sensors are far too sensitive and ca n't be adjusted , resulting in the potty blaring out `` well done ! '' when the child has n't actually done anything . This causes confusion and even discouragement . The so-called `` flushing '' noise is nothing of the kind - which really confused our child . And the urine guard falls out al the time making it useless.You 're better off buying a regular potty than wasting your money on this .
 I really loved the look of this potty chair and all it 's bells & whistles . So much so that my husband and I went to 5 different stores and traveled 60 + miles to find one.Boy , was I disappointed ! My daughter liked it , and loved to flush it . The problem was it would n't stop playing music when she was on it !!! It kept telling her that she had gone bathroom even though she never did ! The music was so distracting . Every time it told her she went potty she 'd get up and look in it then she 'd lift up the toilet seat just to make sure . I gave it a week and even moved it to different rooms because the instructions said it needed certain light requirements . Nothing changed , it just kept on playing music and talking to her when she was on it . After a week I returned it and went with a basic potty chair with NO ! music or electronic features.Pity , I liked it and my daughter really liked it . It made her feel special that she had her own mini potty . That 's the only reason I gave it 2 stars .
 As soon as I opened the box , I could tell by the VOC 's that this playard was treated with chemicals . I called Graco to confirm that it is indeed treated with fire retardants . In addition , some of the characters on the side panels contain vinyl ... like the entire face of the sun is PVC . Why would you let your child play , let alone sleep in this toxic chemical stew . I called Joovy about their Room2 Playard . It 's the same size but quite a bit more expensive . The representative told me it was not treated with fire retardants . Definitely worth it to pay the extra $ , knowing my children wo n't be exposed to harmful chemicals .
 Top corners crack easily and cause small sharp pieces of plastic to fall in the pen . It also leaves sharp broken corners . VERY DANGEROUS !!!!! I purchased two of these play yards ... one for upstairs and one for down . We do not travel with them . The only time they are moved is when we are cleaning them or the room . A while back I found a hard sharp piece of plastic in the pen . At the time I did not know where it came from but was relieved that my daughter did not swallow it . This afternoon I found another piece of hard sharp platic in the pen . I took my daughter out or the pen to see if there were more . When I lifted her I found that her ear was cut and bloody . I emptied the pen and searched the entire thing to see where the plastic could have come from . I found that the hard sharp plastic came from the top corners of the crib . Investigating both Pack and Play Bugs quilts I noticed one had 2 broken corner and the other had 3 broken corners . I have only found 2 pieces so I am hoping my daughter did not eat any pieces . THIS IS VERY UPSETTING TO ME AND I AM SURE THAT I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE REPORTING THIS COMCERN TO GRACO . I RESEACHED THE CONCERN TO SEE IF THERE MIGHT HAVE BEEN A RECALL I HAD MISSED . ALTHOUGH I DID NOT FIND A RECALL ON THE PRODUCT I DID FIND NUMEROUS OTHER CONSUMERS STATING THE SAME CONCERN . THIS PRODUCT IS DANGEROUS IF NOT DEADLY .
 I found my babys toe all blody in the play yard . He was crying and i was so upset when I saw it . This play yards net is very hard and my baby likes to play without socks since it is so hot . I am going to return it even though the colors is nice and it is big . My friend got one too when she sow mine , however she told me that her 's corners are braking . I hope they will recall it , IT IS DANGEROUS FOR BABYS .
 I bought this after reading the overwhelmingly positive review on this product ... My daughter was about 7-month old when it arrived and she appeared to like it the first time we put her in it . She spent about 2 minutes in it and then wanted out.after that we tried a few times but each time she would n't spend more than 1 minute in it . If we kept entertaining her from outside the playyard -LRB- like play peekaboo -RRB- , maybe she would be willing to stay as long as 3 minutes in it.now she 's 18 month old , she only spent a total of about 20 minutes in it -LRB- after about 10 tries -RRB- . we gave it away as a gift to a friend.i gave it 2-star because I do feel that it 's a well-made product . just be aware not all kids like this . :-RRB- it seems most do though based on the review here ... not sure why my daughter does n't -LRB- as she likes most of the toys that received good review here -RRB-
 My mom and dad bought this for my little sister . She is 18 months old . It is SO SMALL !!! It is like she is in a cage or something , there is no room for her to move around in it . My mom took it with us to my Gramma 's house for Gillian to sleep in , but she kept waking up beacause she did n't have any room . Plus the bottom is really really hard too , so maybe that kept waking her up . My mom and Dad really liked the high sides so Gillian culd n't climb out . My mom and dad said it was way too much money , though and would not tell anyone else to buy it.Bobby , Gillians big brother
 We bought this when my son was five months and not yet setting up . We wanted something bigger than a regular travel play yard so when I am cooking he has a place to play.At first all was well , with in a month the plastic on the corners began to crack and break . He was n't even pulling himself up yet so this was ridiculous ! Emailed graco ... NO REPLY ... emailed again ... NO REPLY ... emailed a third time ... NO REPLY.This play pen , to me , would be considered unsafe ! We have ended up covering the four plastic corners with duct tape b/c of the plastic breaking off in small pieces that are choking hazards . Another draw back ... the cover on the padded bottom does not come off to wash!Definitely would NOT buy this product again ... especially since Graco does n't back up their product !
 Be very careful using this play pen . My baby loves playing without shoes or socks on . He was plaing in the play pen wiggling his legs against the walls of the play pen . Apparently the walls in the play pen are made from a very rough netting and scrubbed the skin off my babies toes . At first I could n't understand why he had blood on his toes but then we noticed blood lines on the white netting . From now on he is only allowed to play inside when his shoes are on .
 We received this mat for our shower along with the Baby Einstein playmat . At 8 weeks old my son LOVES the Baby Einstein mat - he lays on it smiling away , kicking his feet and waving his arms while he stares at the toys . On the Flutterbye mat , he just lays there.Here 's the problem . The toys hang too high for him to reach them to activate the bird . When I lowered them they hit him in the head and since they 're made of hard plastic -LRB- or have hard plastic components on them -RRB- it made him cry . The bird also hangs too low . My son has to be pretty much right under it , then he ca n't reach the toys to activate it . I have to position him with his feet by the base of the bar so he can kick the bars to get it moving . The bird is just not very interesting to him , its movement is pretty jerky and it 's just not flashy enough to keep his attention . He usually cries after about 5 minutes on this mat , while the Baby Einstein mat keep him happy for 30 mintues or more . Also , the bird hangs low enough that in order for him to be able to see it , I have to put him close enough that he can get the bird with his hands and the bird comes off pretty easily.One plus to this mat is it has lots of neat extras on the actual mat , making it a bit more fun for tummy time . Still , I would n't suggest this play mat if you have an active and hard to entertain baby .
 It 's a cute idea , but the mat is way too small and now that my baby is six months old , the first thing she does when I put her down on the mat is to rip the bird off . I think it 's going to be dangerous to have the plastic piece without the bird on it when she start sitting up since I can see it taking an eye out or something . I 'm going to try to glue it on but for the price it should n't break so easily .
 I bought this product for the price and convenience because I simply need to wean , however when I received it , i supposed it was a nostril bulb , and it definitely did n't work at all .
 Yes this toy is a dreaded facewacker . Do n't let your child play with it , it has no stability , as one reviewer noted it falls over , which direction is up to your child , ouch daddy my nose !!! double ouch , thanks amazon for charging shipping costs to return !!!
 My son got this for Christmas he is 8.5 mths old . . he figured out how to work it straight away . . he did keep putting the balls in but i would say it will only entertain him for about 10mins or so . . i think the laugh and learn range of toys give him much greater entertainment .
 I bought this for our 3.5 year old as she is growing out of her toddler seat . I thought with the Eddie Bauer name and the good review of safety by a well known magazine that reviews safety that this would be a great seat . It is not . It does n't sit in my ford explorer in a way that is comfortable for my kid to sit in the seat . She is sitting leaning back at a weird angle , no matter how i adjust the car seat or the car or the latch . i do think the harness adjustment is hard to use , at least compared to the gracos we had . -LRB- had for both baby seat and toddler seat -RRB- . The cup holders are out of reach for her in a normal seated position -- or as normal as you can get in this thing . My husband and i each need a car seat , so i 'll put this one in his car -LRB- much less use of it -RRB- and i am buying a britax and putting that in my vehicle . i would NOT recommend this seat .
 Our daughter outgrew her Britax Roundabout . We bought the Eddie Bauer seat as a replacement because it would saftely hold our tall child . The Britax seat is much higher quality in all aspects
 I was so happy to see that there is a product like this , only to find out that my 20 lb baby does not fit in size 4 -LRB- 22-37 lb -RRB- . The way that this diaper is cut , makes it impossible for the diaper to wrap around my baby 's thigh ... he was wet in two hours , and even more so then with Pampers size 4 cruisers . The ends that are to be wrapped around his waist also do not overlap enough . I thing that this is the reason for leak . I am so desperate to find good fitting diapers , but I have not find them yet ... I would not recommend this product .
 I bought a TON of these for my baby girl . Not knowing what in the heck to get for cloth diapers . They worked OK for the first couple of months . But when she started sleeping more through the night she began getting rashes . She would be sitting in a soaking , sopping wet diaper for hours . The only alternative was to change her multiple times at night . This created a sleepless night for me , as every time I changed her she would fully wake up and need to be rocked , lulled , walked and cradled back to sleep , sometimes taking over an hour.I finally switched to Pocket diapers with fleece lining and they worked MUCH better . A bigger initial investment but worth it in the long run .
 These prefolds are nice and thick , but they 're too long and not wide enough . These have never fit around my baby , but I do use them folded in a cover . My baby was a little larger than average when born -LRB- 8lbs , 3oz -RRB- , but they definitely should have fit around her stomach . If you 're looking for a diaper to fold and set in a cover , this one is fine , but if you want a diaper that you can pin or close with a snappi , I suggest another company .
 After washing these according to the instructions they do become billowy and soft . However I tried these once or twice and did n't like that the pee stays close to her skin in the cotton . I saw the beginnings of a rash so I switched to an AIO but since I had so many of these I looked for other ways to use them . They 're the perfect size for burp rags . I always have 2 or 3 in my diaper bag , 2 on the arm rest of our couch for spills but even with those jobs after you 're done cleaning it up you have to get a new one out . It takes a while for the fluids to absorb into the cloth -LRB- which is probably why I switched to another kind of diaper -RRB- . I still like them but not as diapers .
 I would n't even give this pump one star . It was very difficult to attach , very uncomfortable , and took forever to get just a little bit of milk out . Please do n't waste your money !
 I bought this manual pump w/o doing any research on it and what a terrible mistake ! Compare to the Medela Harmony & Avent ISIS I got later , it is a absolute joke - I could n't get a drop of breast milk out and it hurts like crazy.If you need a manual pump , do yourself a favor and avoid this one . You can not go wrong w / either the Medela or Avent one though -LRB- Medela Harmony slightly better IMO since it is BPA-free -RRB- .
 This is a complete waste of money . After the first time I washed the pump , the rubber honeycomb cup that you put on your nipple would not reattach properly so in order to pump I had to have the hard plastic against my nipples . Both of my nipples were bruised . Please spend the extra money and get a Medella pump . There is a reason why hospitals use them , THEY WORK !
 I expected a lot more . I own a Whittlestone electric , which I love , and this is made by Whittlestone . I also bought this as an electric and whished I had n't . It barely pumps any milk , its ' painful , -LRB- imagine a vacuum on high -RRB- , and it 's stiff , there is no `` gentle masassing action '' . Do n't waste your money , since you ca n't return it . .
 I did not anticipate doing much pumping , so a manual pump was fine for me . However , this one is junk . It gets the milk out -LRB- however slowly -RRB- but after two or three hand washings the massage gasket is compromised and painfully compresses your nipples . This is particularly bad when trying to ease the discomfort of engorgement when your milk first comes in . I love the bottles , but this pump is garbage .
 I was disappointed by these hampers . They are a good size for the nursery , but they are of poor quality . The bottoms are frayed and there is a large gap on the side of both baskets where the weave has bunched . I 'm not sure how long these will last .
 These hampers are advertised for children here on Amazon and on the Badger Basket website as for `` the nursery '' - this is shocking b/c of the extremely toxic smelling white paint they used to paint these hampers . I purchased these for my baby 's room -LRB- due in September -RRB- and as soon as I opened the box the fumes from the paint overwhelmed me . I was ready to return them right then , but I decided to try to outgas them outside for a couple of days , but the smell did n't seem to get any fainter . I had no intention of using these in my baby 's room where he could inhale the toxins coming off these hampers , so I returned them for a refund . I would not recommend anyone buy these for your kids rooms , or for any other room in you home for that matter , the fumes are that bad . In addition , the quality of the wicker left a lot to be desired , with broken pieces and uneven weaving throughout , as did the sturdiness of the lids - they were attached very loosely to the hampers and would most likely come off after repeated use . These things are irrelevant though to me since the paint was so bad I would n't have kept them anyway even if the construction was of superior quality.I plan to call Badger Basket and alert them of my concern over the toxicity of their product in the hopes that they will consider using more ecologically responsible paint materials , such as the low-VOC or no-VOC paint formulas that are readily available these days . Will report back after speaking to them with any new insights.UPDATED AUGUST 17th 2010 : I spoke to a representative at the Badger Basket corporate offices today ... I alerted him to the fact that I had returned their product for a refund b/c of the toxicity of the paint they used on them . I told him that I did n't think they should be marketing these for a nursery when no one , especially babies , should be breathing in the toxic fumes that these hampers are offgassing . He was very nice and told me that he appreciated my feedback and input regarding their product . He said he was going to look into it . What that means , who knows.So I still would not advise anyone to purchase this product until the company advertises them as `` non-toxic '' or `` safe for children '' or have some sort of language to that effect to let the consumer know that they changed their paint formula to a more eco-friendly/low or no-VOC one .
 got this item today from delivery , purposely for my son 's bathroom and one for his bedroom . . the picture looks better . . but the actual item was very cheap looking and the quality of it was very poor , the packaging was n't ruined but i found broken parts of it . . some of the parts that are just starting to break apart i tried to fix it but it gets worse -LRB- as crisp as a pretzel -RRB- . . the cover is n't as stable as in should be ... very inconvenient to return it tho so i 'm just kind of disappointed on this one . . it 's ok if it 's price is n't this much ... totally not good for kids use .
 The photo makes the baskets look roughly the same size , but they are infact VERY different . I thought we could use them for colors and whites , but the smaller basket is far too small to hold clothes unless you want to for laundry every day . We now use it as a large waste basket -LRB- thought really it 's TOO large for that . -RRB-
 Although this is a safe infant carrier , it is extremely heavy and bulky . We bought this carrier for our first child as we were impressed with the safety rating . In retrospect , there are other carriers available that are just as safe , but much lighter than this one , and also much smaller which would have made it much easier for me . Lifting this becomes such a chore , it 's really heavy once you get your baby inside , and it 's really hard to just `` run errands '' as it 's too heavy with baby inside , unless I transport the carrier to my stroller or a snap and go.Forget walking into meet your friends with your new little infant casually slung over your arm in this carrier , you 'll either be trucking your little one in this carrier in a stroller , or using two hands and all your strength to keep upright , and it 's difficult when there are stairs involved.Also , it 's huge , be sure to take measurements as once it 's in our car , a SUV , I have to have my seat forward more than I usually do so as to accomodate the size of it.My advice is to go into a store that has several carriers , pick them all up , try them over your arm , consider the size of them all and imagine carrying your little baby , who only gets heavier by the week , around for six months in this .
 Because I have been a big fan of britax products for many years , I waited 2 months for the companion car seat to be back in stock so i could purchase for my newborn . After all the waiting I was very disappointed in this car seat.First of all it is extremely bulky and heavy , making it practically impossible to carry your baby to and from the car . I consider myself to be a strong person and I can barely manage to carry my 3 month old in it with both hands . Also , the lever that unsecures the car seat to the base is sometimes difficult to unhook - causing me to have to practically yank the seat out . Most of us mothers have to take our baby along with us when we run even the simpliest of errands , having to juggle a million things in our arms - so being weighed down by such a bulky car seat is inefficient and impractical.The canopy is also difficult to move back and the the button to move the handle down is at a very awkward position , there have been times where I have had to slam the handle down because I could not manage to get it down as you would an ordinary car seat.I do not deny that this seat is probably extremely safe for its main purpose , but as the baby grows heavier I can not imagine being able to easily transport her in this seat . I plan to buy another lighter and less bulky carseat .
 The seat is too heavy to carry even WITHOUT the baby , making the portable option all but worthless . The seat is so deep it 's hard to take the baby in and out -LRB- and since I have to do this and leave the seat in the car due to its weight , the baby always wakes up -RRB- . The fabric is very hot , and the straps are very awkward . I never want to leave the house . The seat sticks in the base and the straps are hard to loosen.I would not buy this car seat again . It 's a hassle . The stroller that works with it -LRB- forerunner -RRB- is just as bad , and I can not usually fold it . It 's simply too hard to do . Despite high safety ratings , if a seat is so bad the parents never want to take the baby anywhere , what 's the point ? Maybe the reason it 's so safe is because using it encourages the parents and baby to never even get in a car and risk an accident .
 Make sure you do your homework before buying this . The latest consumer report says that this seat did not pass the latest crash testing . That 's a lot of money to spend for it not to pass !!!
 Does n't actually smell like play dough at all , has some other fruity scent . Total disappointment .
 I bought this for my librarian sister . It smells NOTHING like books . It 's very overwhelming and smells more like the perfume your great grandmother bathes in prior to a big shindig . I am so very disappointed !
 I purchased these bags along with the Gerber NUK/Gerber Seal N Go -LRB- AWESOME bags -RRB- and the Honey Suckle bags -LRB- ok bags -RRB- . These Gerber bags are far better than both.The reason I do not like these Lansinoh bags is that of the three brands that I purchased , these seem the thinest and flimsiest . The seams of the bags appear very thin and fragile , however , of the few bags that I have used so far none have leaked . Also , the ziploc on the bags is not great . I always try to eliminate as much air as possible when I seal a bag but the ziploc on these bags can be a tad bit challenging to line up and seal quickly . This causes more air than I would like to be sealed into the bag.So far these bags do the job but I am not happy with the quality and ease of use . I would not purchase these again .
 These bags are awful and all LEAK ! This is the first review I have ever written for any product . I have NEVER been more disappointed especially when since they are for breast milk . My son is a 30 week preemie and I 'm trying to give him all the breast milk I can but have lost so much because of these bags . They should be DISCONTINUED IMMEDIATELY !
 Like others haev said , these bags leak ! Medela have never leaked on me , and no I do n't overfill them . It seems like they leak after being frozen . Fresh milk -LRB- never frozen -RRB- in a bag has n't leaked on me yet . I defrost now in a cup , seems like 1 of 3 spring a leak . Major design flaw !!
 I am so upset that I did n't research milk bags before I bought these . Seriously , I have to research everything , including the plastic bag that I pour expressed breastmilk into - that is crazy . Anyway , these bags LEAK !!!! What is the point of a milk storage bag , if it is going to leak from the bottom seam . It is not like the manufacturer warns you about this potential , but they probably should considering that reviews discussing bags leaking from the bottom seam go back several years . Breastmilk is precious and it is extremely disheartening when you realize that you have to throw milk away because of a leaking milk storage bag . Do NOT buy these bags !!!
 I 'd say about 1/3 of my bags leak . I 've lost so much bmilk thawing out the baggies ... enough to make any mom cry after all that hard work . I loved the bags going in b/c of the double ziplock on the top . I could n't be more disappointed with this product now and will never use it again . It does n't matter if we froze them flat , froze them `` fat '' , froze in clumps with other bags , or froze them individually . Leaks , leaks , leaks . it does n't matter if I thaw slowly in warm water , in hot water , at room temperature , or thaw in the fridge at its own pace . Leaks , leaks , leaks . So very disappointing , especially after investing in a deep freezer to hold everything .
 I 'm so upset to report these bags leak . They make a double zipper top , to `` prevent leakage '' , but then the bags leak out the bottom and side seams . It is so disappointing to put all the work into pumping , only to have milk leak everywhere . I 'm going to have to store milk in bottles from now on .
 Somewhere between 10-25 % of the bags leak . As others have said , the leaks occur along the bottom and side seams during defrosting in the fridge .
 These bags can leak when defrosted , maybe a couple bags per box . I 'm going to try other brands . I use them with the playtex drop-ins which is very convenient . I pump frequently since I 'm returning to work and am looking for something to streamline the process .
 I would say that about 25 % of these bags leak . I have found that they leak less often if frozen flat , rather than upright , but they still leak . The best way to prevent leaking is to open the bag to release the vaccuum seal , then thaw it tilting down towards the top of the bag , since the bottom of the bag is where it breaks . This morning I forgot to do that , and I lost an ounce and a half to the sink . That 's a lot of milk ! I nearly cried . I 've been working hard at keeping up my milk supply since I started taking my son to daycare , and it 's a shame to keep losing milk due to leaks.I am debating getting the milk freeze trays from freshbaby that lets you freeze them into little 1-ounce milk cubes , then you can put them in a ziploc freezer bag after that .
 We bought these because we liked the safety of the double-zipper . But it does n't do much good when the bags leak . 10 % -20 % of the time the bags leak when you defrost . Why take that risk with your `` liquid gold '' .
 I 'm not sure if the other reviewers , who favorable reviewed these bags froze their milk , they did n't say ... If you are planning on freezing your milk for extended periods of time , I do not recommend these bags . I froze over 150 bags of milk and at least 50 % of them leaked when I thawed them out months later . I did not overfill or do anything to these bags that would have caused them to leak . It is so discouraging to thaw milk and have it seep out the bottom/side of the bag .
 I chose these bags partly because of the reviews that I read on this website and because they made economic sense . I gave birth to a premature infant who was unable to breastfeed . I have pumped everyday btwn 6-8 times a day since she was born and was blessed to have an ample milk supply . However , when thawing these bags out I found that I was losing sometimes 4 and 5 bags of at a time due to leakage not from the double seal at the top , but from a seam at the bottom -LRB- and no I did not fill them over the 6 oz mark -RRB- . I later tried some of the other bags out there and found that yes , these bags are better than their competitors , but they were not good enough for me . I have worked way too hard to provide my child with nourishment only to have it leak all over the place . My solution was to use bottles . They too have disadvantages -LRB- take up more room in the freezer -RRB- , but I feel that they are a better choice .
 I am so frustrated , disappointed and annoyed with these bags ! I strictly pump for my daughter and worked hard to build a good supply so that I could stop before the year is up . -LRB- My freezer has , I 'd say about 3 gallons of Lansinoh bags -RRB- . I have begun rotating the older milk out , defrosting milk from November and December ; I have lost over 40oz to date and just had 2 more bags leaking from the seams . Take my advice and look into the Honeysuckle brand , the free coupon I used to buy them early on was worth learning about the quality of this brand .
 I got an opened package of these from a friend who gave me some of her extra stuff . I rarely pump and even more rarely thaw out frozen breastmilk , so when one leaked I thought it was a fluke and possibly because the bags were old . I ordered some new ones online , and out of 6 that I have used so far two have leaked . That 's in addition to the one that leaked earlier , so the `` leakage rate '' of these so far has been 1 out of 3 . At least it forces me to thoroughly clean my fridge shelves!The only reason I gave two stars is that I do like the space on top to label it so that there 's no chance of permanent marker leaching through to the milk.I even double-checked to make sure these are actually freezer bags , and it says they are freezer safe right on the package ! I 'm definitely not thrilled to 1 . lose ounces of milk that took a while to save up , 2 . have to clean milk off my fridge and the food in it !
 Do not buy Cosco Brand products . Their customer service lacks . The chest harness broke on our car seat over 6 weeks ago and they have yet to replace it even though their web site says receive within 7-10 business days . We are out a car seat and have to go buy another .
 We ordered this seat online because it was n't available at stores in our area . We received the seat today and I was not impressed at all . The seatbelt guides are attached to the fabric , not the actual seat and seem flimsy to me . Also , the padding for the seat is quite minimal - I could n't imagine having to sit in it for more than a few minutes . The hard plastic is easily felt through the cover . I like the look of this seat , but in this case looks were deceiving . We will be returning this one for one that looks a little more sturdy .
 We bought this same seat in a different pattern 3 months ago . The guides for the harness keep coming out because they only pop into the seat thru the fabric . I ca n't count how many times I have looked back to see my son playing with them . When we had to remove the cover to wash it , it was very difficult to put back together . To top it all off , yesterday , I pulled the strap in the front to tighten the belts , and the lever you push down to adjust the straps broke free from the frame . Hardly what I would expect after only 3 months of use . It is a nice looking seat , but overall unimpressed with the poor construction . We 're going to take it back and pay the extra money for the Britax . We have one of those that has made it through 2 kids and is still like new . Worth the $ $ $ . Do n't buy the Eddie Bauer .
 I purchased this seat for our second car after buying the Eddie Bauer High Back Booster in Glacier from a Babies R Us store . I liked that one , and I figured this one would be similar . I thought the price was less because maybe it was an older pattern . However , when I got this seat , I was surprised to find that the quality seemed to be much lower than my other seat . It was very hard without much padding . The cover did n't seem very secure and the seat belt guides seemed flimsy . I am returning this seat , and I guess I will just get another one in Glacier like my first one .
 I loved the pattern in this set and the description said for a kids twin bed . When I took it out of the package it was long enough but only wide enough for half the bed .
 The eye cream feels heavy and it burns my eye due to the SPF25 ingredient .
 They work , and they are nice but I think a person with a tiny bit of ingenuity could make these for about $ 2 a pop . Go to a fabric store , buy some ribbon , install a couple snaps and you are done .
 These wipes come in containers that are individually sealed in plastic overwrap . Even through this sealed plastic I could smell the perfume . I opened one up , opened the lid and took a sniff and immediately sneezed . Granted the sneeze could of been a coincidence . It 's not an unpleasant smell , but it is , to me , a very strong smell . It reminds me a bit like the smell of Soft Soap . I tend to buy things unscented , so if you 're used to scented products this may be fine for you . We wo n't be using them .
 On our first two -LRB- and only -RRB- trips out with this stroller , this stroller tipped over frontways . The center of gravity is too far forward and when going over slightly uneven ground , like from pavement to a slightly raised grating or the slight ledge from street to a driveway , the front wheels stop and the stroller tips forward . The only reason it did not completely flip over , with our baby 's head toward the ground , was that the rear axel beneath the handle bars smashed into my shins , both times , preventing the rear wheels from flying up .
 Why on earth is this called a SNAP n ' go when there is no snapping involved ?! The car seat just sits in the frame &agrave; la shopping cart , with a flimsy belt to tie is down . The wheels can do some pretty rad moves , but I would n't do those moves with my baby in it ! I 'm returning it and buying a chicco one so my carrier snaps in properly .
 Surprisingly poor quality product given how many people have bought and reviewed it . It is easy to assemble , but does not do what it is supposed to do = securely hold an infant car seat . I tried to use it with a Chicco Keyfit 30 , and neither of the two mechanisms that normally secure a car seat in a travel system work here ! 1 -RRB- Like a prior reviewer noted , the seat does not `` snap '' into anything - it literally just sits on the frame . -LRB- Maybe because it is designed to accommodate a variety of car seats , it does not really fit any of them well ... -RRB- 2 -RRB- The securing seat belt snap is such a flimsy poor quality material that after attaching it , you can easily loosen it just by tugging at it.Completely irresponsible design .
 I am a first time mom so in the beginning I did not know how to choose a stroller . My friend recommended the baby trend snap N go stroller . I go out for a walk with my baby everyday . I have used it for almost 4 months now . I have never bought any other stroller before so I can not compare if this one is more light weight than others . However , the worst thing of this stroller is when you go to some slightly uneven pavement , the stroller is not very stable and sometimes it can statle your baby . There is only one bar to secure the car seat . I do n't feel very secure going with my baby in this stroller . There is also some problem with the wheels . If you are going straight , it 's fine . But when you want to turn left or right , you need tremendous maneuver to push the stroller . I would not recommend this stroller .
 Car seat does not `` snap '' into device securely . You are suppose to use a belt to secure seat.Tried to use with the Maxi Cosi Mico Mini and it did not securely fit . Unsafe ! Seller refused to let me return the device because it had been 40 days since purchase -LRB- no returns beyond 30 days -RRB- . Item remains unused in my garage . A waste of time and money !!!! Stick to a stroller that specifically adapts to your car seat , like the city mini .
 My stroller 's rear wheels fell off the axle ... after only a dozen or so uses . When I called the company , they did n't even ask any questions , just said they 'd send me hardware to fix it . Apparently , mine is n't the first to have this problem !
 Yes , it 's lightweight , convenient , etc. . Two big pet peeves . Not very stable on uneven sidewalk - so I could n't use it in my Los Angeles , neighborhood . Also , you ca n't reach the basket with a car seat on it . The smarter moms I know got the Kolcraft .
 Although this stroller is a great invention , whoever designed it did not field test it . The straps that go over the top of the infant car seat to prevent the seat from flipping over are constantly getting stuck in between the folding rails/frames of this stroller . Additionally , the red stoppers on the bottom of the handlebars have to be turned out every time you want to fold the stroller up for storage or in when you want to place the car seat on the stroller . Why could n't they design it so that the stroller can fold or unfold in just one or two simple steps ? Not to mention the aforementioned straps that are constantly getting caught in between the frames when folding and unfolding this stroller .
 I bought the Baby Trend Snap N ' Go stroller for my chicco keyfit 30 car seat and it does not snap in at all ! I would not recommend these two products together . The only thing that holds the carseat into the stroller is a flimsy little strap and at a slight angle the car seat moves ... thus no walking up any minor hills or on semi-bumpy roads without putting your baby at risk.I really liked the idea of having a less expensive stroller option for running errands around town and being able to get in and out of my car without having to transfer a sleeping baby into a stroller . However , if you bought the chicco keyfit 30 -LRB- a great car seat -RRB- , then you should buy chicco 's version of the snap n ' go to make sure your baby is safe and secure , even if it is double the price . The quality of the stroller is double the value as well so you are getting what you paid for .
 This product is NOT compatible with the Chicco Keyfit 30 , as it is advertised!I went to have my car seat inspected , and the tech found two stress marks in the shell of my daughter 's car seat . We quickly realized that they are from the Baby Trend Snap N Go , from the front tabs that the seat rests on . The damage done to the car seat Is not merely cosmetic - it compromises the safety of the car seat.In all fairness , I double checked the instruction manual to make sure I had not used the product incorrectly . I had n't . Now I have to buy a new car seat because of their false advertising!The car seat tech supervisor recommended I ask Baby Trend to pay for it . Who knows if THAT will happen ...
 do n't buy - go for the city mini if budget allows . this stroller has manueverablity & is clunky ...
 I purchased this stroller under the assumption that when it said it `` works with major brand car seats '' that my Combi would be included . It does n't work at all and now I have to return it .
 Got one as a gift and now have to return it . It is not as `` universal '' as it states . The only way you can keep a Peg Perego Primo Viaggio car seat from completely falling off is to use a strap that it somes with . The car seat does not lock onto anything , but merely rests on the bar . The problem with having to strap the car seat down is that the strap goes OVER the baby 's chubby legs and/or belly . It does n't leave much room for an infant once you secure the car seat to the stroller .
 Originally , we were very happy with this stroller . It 's lightweight , easy to use , and very convenient . Like another poster , our rear right wheel fell off for no known reason . At first , we wre pleased with the customer service , as it seemed we would be getting a replacement part right away . This was 5 weeks ago.We are STILL waiting for a replacement part for the rear right wheel . My wife has made several phone calls to Baby Trend 's customer service number . Each time she calls , she is told something different . First call
 I purchased this car seat carrier few days ago , because I need something lightweight for my baby during trip . This car seat carrier is very nice , lightweight and ext. , you can read other reviews about it.Why I rate it 1 star ? Because of the Manufacturer on the web-site said that it will fit Britax car seats . In fact it does n't . I have a Britax B-Safe car seat and this carrier did n't fit and I was forced to return it . Manufacturer has to give more detailed information about his products to save time and nerves of customers who would like to buy it .
 I wasted my money on these stickers . THey do n't stick to the wall . Do n't waste your money !
 The stickers are really bad ... . Does n't stick on the walls . I wasted my money at the garbage . Do n't buy it ... . The quality is terrible , once again do n't buy it this product , get another brand or company
 Stickers do not stick and are a total disappointment . They are a disappointment to the child and the purchaser . DO NOT waste your money .
 They don not stick at all ! I wish I had read the other reviews before buying these . Our older daughter has Mickey Mouse ones , and they work fine . Do n't buy these !!!
 I have nice smooth , clean walls and these do not stay on . Might try the mirrored closet doors , but then the walls are bare again . I would not recommend to buy these .
 These were horrible ! They would not stick to the wall . They kept curling and would not lie flat on the wall . I had to purchase ones from a local store ... I wo n't purchase from this site again .
 They are absolutely adorable ... my 3 yr old loved them when I put them up over her bed at lunch time ... by bath time ... Tinkerbell was flying , off the wall , that is ... I also chalked it up to a bad batch , until I read the other recent reviews ... seems to happen more often that notI also ordered spiderman stickers for my son at the sametime ... and spiderman clings perfectly ... I will not order these again ...
 Great stroller , roomy , it 's like a Cadillac for baby . One thing that turns me off and is very annoying is that that front wheel does not swivel !!! Do n't even think of going anywhere where you have to turn . Why do n't companies think of these things ? Unless your an avid runner or walker going in a straight line , it 's great but do n't even think of going in and out of stores with this thing , it takes up half of my trunk and I own a truck and weighs a ton .
 I am a big fan of the pop-up cabana idea . I bought this one last year and it was great while we had it . It was also the only thing like it on the market -LRB- at the time -RRB- , so I paid the hefty price . But it only lasted until the end of the summer and my daughter put a little too much weight on it while getting in -LRB- she was only 14 months old -RRB- and the top snapped . It was actually quite dangerous because the poll whipped back and was sharp . Luckily , it did n't hit her.I called the company and they were not very helpful at all . The woman acted kind of shocked like `` and what do you want US to do about it ? '' They would not replace it or send any parts to fix it.But like I said , it was really great to have and I * almost * considered buying a new one for this summer . Then I saw the identical thing in KB Toys , for $ 19 . I ca n't tell any difference between the two of them and it was way cheaper . We used it today and it was great.Update
 I just received this tent today . Not only is it NOT easy to put up or down , but it broke the first time I tried to set it up . Do n't waste your money .
 We thought we had a real nice item until it broke after the 2nd use . One of the arms broke loose from the part at the top - and now the cabana is worthless because it can not be set up . I contacted the company and they have yet to reply . Do n't waste your money !!!
 I bought this for my 10 month old for the beach this summer , and after the second use , one of the posts snapped in half ! We were not rough putting it up or taking it down , it is just cheaply made , and I think over priced . It was also very warm inside , even with the flap rolled up . It also would blow away with a strong wind unless you weighted it down . I was disappointed , especially after spending so much money !
 I was so excited to use this pop-up for my baby girl . Baby was happy to go in it , both at home and at the beach . It is light , easy to transport , easy to pop open and take down , and I love the SPF factor ... . but that 's where the positives end . This is very flimsy , cheaply made product that broke after the first use -LRB- and no , we did n't use a sledgehammer on it ! -RRB- It is WAY overpriced for what it is . I would not reccomend this product to anyone who likes to spend their money on quality items . On the other hand , if you actually want to make a one-time-use , disposable purchase , then I say go for it !
 Received this bag as a gift . I love all the pockets and the design of the bag , but the quality is very poor and the outside of the bag started to look very worn very quickly .
 It 's a nice looking diaper bag that is n't covered with silly cartoons and looks more like a purse . But the quality of the bag is terrible . The back part of the bag started to peel and then the front pockets . I threw it away a before I 'd had it for a month .
 After only 1 month of use the purse fell apart the material just crumbled off always had it all over my clothes and I couldnt understand why I was very careful with it and I actually had to buy me a new diaper bag needless to say i will not be purchasing anything else from this seller
 Moses basket stand is not well made . There is a plastic border that surrounds the basket . The border cracked in 2 places during assembly . This stand is also very difficult to assemble . Four of the 8 support screws will not screw in all the way . Attempting to tighten them only strips the screws . I would not recommend this basket stand .
 We were using a moses basket in this stand instead of a bassinet in the bedroom when our daughter was a newborn . After seven weeks of just using the product at night , we woke up in the middle of the night to find that the cross beam connecting the two rockers had broken and the basket was angled down , precariously close to falling to the ground . Thankfully we got our daughter out before it broke the rest of the way , but it could have been much worse . I definitely do not recommend this product !
 I bought this last minute right before my baby arrived - it ended up being that up to the last WEEK of my due date we had EVERYTHING but the crib/basket , so I did not do much research and bought what I thought was a good product.The basket itself is OK but the stand is another story.The plastic band cracked while assembling the item . A few weeks later the screws were coming loose -LRB- coming out of the wood -RRB- and the whole thing became shaky.This is not to mention that the rocking motion was jagged and uneven - you can only rock it from edge to the middle but not from edge to edge of the rounded feet.I used the item for about 3 months , then it stood without for about 6 months , then I gave it to a friend for her newborn . I picked it up 3 months later and tried to disassemble it to fit in my car , and the whole damn thing just fell apart ! It 's in the trash now , so are my hopes to give it to someone else or resell it.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM ! You are better off finding another inexpensive solution .
 This product is very disappointing . It is designed so badly that it barely rocks . The two bottom wooden pieces that are curved for the purpose of rocking do not serve their purpose . Instead , they create a lot of noise during attempts to rock it and come to a halt within 3-5 rocking movements .
 I did n't like this bubble bath . It was too watery and just poured out like water . Many times using far too much . I would n't buy it again . But at least I learned what I like in a bubble bath product .
 No way I can make the good footprint . The frame is coarse too . I do n't like it . I did n't use it so it just wasted my money
 We 've had this seat now for about 2 years and I would n't recommend it . The name and brand are cool but that 's about all getting a thumbs up . My son can now pull the top latch open himself at age three . While sleeping his head falls forward without the side pillows that were bothersome . I do n't feel it 's as safe as my britax so I 'm looking to replace .
 I ordered a blanket for my new grandson who is due to be born any day now and this is not a blanket . It is very tiny and is smaller than a burp cloth . Very disappointed customer .
 I am absolutely disgusted with this product . I could kick myself , though , because I read reviews stating problems with the wheels , but I went ahead and bought this item , anyway . One big reason I bought the Evenflo is because we have an Evenflo infant seat , so I wanted the convenience of attaching the seat directly into the stroller . It would have been worth the hassle to wake my baby up and transfer him into a quality stroller as opposed to buying this one . We have had one problem after another with this stroller . The very first time we used it the front wheel broke off . I called Evenflo and got a replacement within a week . About 9 months later the back wheels were bent outward and needed to be replaced before they fell off . Also , the metal leg that connects to the right front wheel is completely bent inward , so the stroller always veers to the right and rubs against the storage basket underneath . If that 's not enough , just the other day I was out for a walk , and halfway home the front left wheel broke off -LRB- this is one of the newer wheels that was already a replacement -RRB- . When I called to get the front wheels replaced for the second time , the customer service rep was quick to inform me that there will be no free wheel replacements from now on , and went on to ask how this happened -LRB- implying that it 's my fault that this product is so shoddy -RRB- . It was difficult , but I managed to bite my tongue about how annoyed I am that I spent so much money for such junk . To make matters worse , both metal bars on the sides of my stroller that support the frame are disconnected , so it does n't fold up completely , making it a chore just to get it in and out of the car . My husband and I are just about ready to cut our losses and spend the money for a new , quality double stroller . I also have to add that I do n't even use this stroller all the time . My average use is about once a week , if I stroll around the block or take both kids to the mall . We do not exceed the weight limit by any means , considering I purchased it when I had a newborn and a 2 year old , and I 've only had this stroller for a little over a year . By far , this is definitely one of the worst purchases I have ever made .
 I bought the `` Take Me Too Tandem Premier '' and I was disappointed almost immediately . The front seat and the sunshade are so small it is a joke . The front sunshade gets stuck during folding and has become bent . The entry to the storage area is narrow and I need to force our small diaper bag in . If the rear seat is reclined , the storage can not be accessed without putting it up and waking your child ! I have heard others complain of front wheels falling off , but I have to say mine has never done that in the 16 months I have been using it . They do shake violently though if you walk too fast .
 We 've had all of the aforementioned problems . Right off the bat one of the snaps holding the fabric sides to the armrests in the back broke . No biggie - it was n't sharp . Our wheels turned in as well -LRB- like this / \ -RRB- but we figured it was to make it easier to go over terrain like dirt and grass . Nope - just a shoddily made product . Our wheel fell off when we were at Disneyland -LRB- granted we did have the stroller for a year and a half , but we did notice the wheels at the store and asked about them - the sales person had NO idea why they were bent in like that -RRB- . Well , we called evenflo and they sent us a replacement rear assembly . We put it on , but the wheels still turned in , although not as badly . It is now about 8 months later and the left wheel is about ready to fall off . We are well under the combined 80 lb . weight limit so I do n't know why we keep having this problem . A few months ago the tray broke . We did a quick fix with duct tape , then my husband was able to fix it -LRB- it was n't easy - a screw on the inside fell out , but luckily he had a screwdriver extender that was small enough to fit -RRB- . I do n't mind normal wear and tear -LRB- for exapmle , the black foam grip on the handle is torn , no big deal -RRB- , but this is ridiculous . So I will call and get yet ANOTHER replacement , which means I will be a week or more without my stroller . Big pain . I ca n't believe they are still selling this inferior product . I like the stroller - it 's not too heavy , folds fairly compactly , good sized storage basket , reasonably easy to maneuver , not ridiculously expensive , but with all the design flaws , I recommend another stroller . Word to the wise
 The front seat is small , and the sun shade for the front seat is also small . The tray broke after only a month of use , but the worst was the rear wheels falling off . My husband was able to fix it , and it worked okay for a little while . Now however , the rear wheels shimmy and are cockeyed - so I never take it for long distances -LRB- in case they fall off again and I have to carry both kids -RRB- . I 'd look for another another stroller ...
 This stroller is horrible . I received it as a gift when my baby was born last year -LRB- his older brother was 11/2 at the time -RRB- . After only 2 months the back wheel kept on falling off . We returned it , but the store would only reward even exchange and not store credit , so we were stuck with the same one again . This time the tray and wheel both broke after 3 months . After our second return we thought maybe they had improved the wheel mechanism because it was slightly different when putting it together . It worked again for about 3 months until the whole metal axle in the back snapped and the wheel fell off . We took it back to the store one last time and received yet another new stroller which sits in our garage unopened in the box . Store credit would have been much more valuable because we ended up purchasing a totally different stroller with which I am fairly pleased.Three strikes and you 're out evenflo . I will never purchase and or reccomend one of your products again .
 My then husband and I thought it 'd be a good idea to get this stroller because it was less than $ 100 at Target and Walmart , so we figured , go for it ! We were going to So . Cal for the weekend and figured it 'd be great to have to go around Disneyland . Ooooh goodness , no ! It was heavy with my kids in there , and they are n't that heavy - my son was practically a newborn at the time and my daughter was 2 at 19lbs -LRB- she 's petite -RRB- . We thought it was just because we used the stoller a lot during the trip we 'd give it a rest , then we started using it regularly and brought it with us the following year back to So . Cal . The wheels started bending over when my daughter sat down , it started getting harder and harder to steer ... To me , it WAS worth the cheap price . DO NOT GET ... HORRIBLE , HORRIBLE , HORRIBLE !!!
 Please anyone who owns this stroller check all snaps . The snaps on the rear seat broke and left very sharp and jagged metal . While changing my baby she rubbed her arm against the side and ended up with a 3 '' gash on her arm gushing blood . That ended our trip at the zoo . I did not know what cut my daughter until I pulled the pad away and received a nice cut myself . I have used this stroller fewer than 20 times . We have been very gentle on it . I did not realize the snaps had broke because I 've always covered the seats.I did call Evenflo and they offered a replacement or a refund . I did not need to provide Evenflo with a receipt or other proof of purchase . So hopefully your child will not be injured and you wo n't be stuck with a dangerous stroller . - refund check was $ 149 -
 As far as wet wipes go , this is n't bad . The cloths are a little thin and theres no way you can keep the wipes in your car without them drying out . The box is flimsy , but you know -- if you 're wanting to avoid chemicals and come in contact with a few less toxins during the course of your day , then these might be just what you 're looking for . Do n't buy the boxes ... buy the refills and insert them in your Huggies wipe box . You 'll be a lot better off . One final question ... why not offer a tin wipe box . If folks are concerned with the chems in their wet wipes , do n't you think they 'd be concerned about pthalates leaching into the wipes from the plasticizers in the box ? If you 're going to spend a little more on healthy wipes , might as well cover all your bases !
 I have been using Pampers wipes and thought I would try these natural wipes . Much better for baby , right ? These are much , much rougher than Pampers . With the Pampers , I could rub and clean up really good without much redness . With these , I feel that they are too rough to wipe more than once or twice . Sometimes when I do n't catch the diaper right after it 's `` dirtied '' the mess is much harder to clean up -- it sticks to his skin and he pretty much needs a scrub ! These are much too rough to get some of the mess that sticks without fear of rubbing him raw . They are strong though , if that 's what you are looking for . I 'd rather have soft for my baby .
 these might be better for my baby but they are way too rough for her delicate skin ... would not buy again ...
 My son has a very sensitive bottom . After many severe diaper rashes , we went to natural wipes . We usually buy Earth 's Best wipes . I decided to try something different and was very disappointed . I ended up selling the rest of the the wipes . They were rougher that the Earth 's Best wipes and my son threw a bigger fit at every change . We are committed to Earth 's Best wipes until he is fully potty trained .
 It ripped along one seam after the second time we used it . I am still using it but now it gaps where it is ripped and part of the stroller gets wet . If I had it to do over again , I 'd buy a more expensive one .
 I bought it for my Kolcraft Contours II stroller because it was the only one that would fit . It did fit the stroller but it tore along the seam the same day we bought it and now it does n't attach at the bottom . The material is very cheap . Just not worth it .
 I think I had this rain cover for about a week before it ripped . I went and bought another one at Babies ' R Us for $ 20 , and it has held up perfectly ever since .
 but as for folding and storage it leaves much to be desired
 This is a cute bed but , I am disappointed with the way it arrived at my home . When I opened this box there was only 2 slivers of foam within the entire box . Needless to say the headboard had 3 crushed corners . My daughter was so excited to get a new bed that I felt it was n't worth the extra effort to exchange because I would probably end up with the same ragged corners because the packing is so poor . I am desperately trying to ignore the ugly cracks on the headboard . If possible do not order online because the packing of this bed is awful , and I totally regret buying this.If the box and padding had been sturdy enough I am sure I would be recommending this bed instead of cautioning against it .
 Poor packing and arrived without hardware . Amazon wanted to replace the entire unit when I asked for just the hardware . Ridiculous . Very poorly packaged and Amazon was unwilling to work with the manufacturer to replace the hardware on my behalf . After it arrived , was unboxed -LRB- box looked like it had been opened before and was ripped in several places -RRB- , hauled up a flight of steps -- they expected me to pack it back up and ship it back to them just to get a bag of bolts . Right . First bad experience I have ever had with Amazon . If you like this bed , resist the temptation to buy from here and go to the manufacturer instead would be my advice .
 The bed looks Ok , but has a dangerous railing with sharp edges -LRB- which you can not see on the picture , because they look smooth on the picture but it does not show that they are not rounded on the edge -RRB- . My daugher is very active , and often jumps with her head toward the bed , and has already hurt herself on the edge of the railing . So we had to cover the railing with an extra mattress cover , just imagine how ugly that looks and how inconvenient it is to change the sheets .
 I bought this bed 2 years ago because I liked the design . I now regret it . My daughter is a restless sleeper , and as she flops around during the night , I often hear a klunk as she hits the low sides of the bed . It 's a wonder she has n't really injured herself . I have padding on the sides and at the foot of the bed . If I could possibly afford a new one with better design , this one would get tossed .
 We had this less than a month when our little one was able to break the hinge into many tiny , chokable pieces . I would expect that a safety product should be able to withstand the proddings of a 10-month-old - apparently not ! Would not recommend this one .
 I had this installed for a while for the adults to get used to it , and only recently has my son been old enough to pull up . Within a month of him interacting with it , it was broken beyond repair . Here is what is wrong with this product : - The only thing holding it on the toilet is an L-shaped piece of plastic that 's about 1/8 '' thick . My 11-month old son yanked on it a few times and it broke , sending part of it down the toilet into our septic system , and making this whole thing useless . - The system of spacers they have to make it fit a variety of toilets also make it stick out pretty far and not lock as securely if you have a thinner walled toilet . - There are a LOT of little crevices and ribs on this product , which means it gets gross fast and is hard to clean . You basically ca n't clean it without taking it off and submerging/rinsing the whole thing . And to take it off the toilet you have to try to pry open a little plastic lever * inside the bowl * where it is grossest . Also , the ratchet piece goes in once and then ca n't be completely removed , and so there is no way to completely sanitize it . There was black stuff growing in there that I tried everything to clean , but since you ca n't take it apart and the pieces fit closely together , it 's a smelly mildew haven.The only pros
 I returned this product . It connects to the porcelain toilet bowl along the inside of the bowl . Use your imagination , but there was stuff on the lock that necessitated taking the lock out and scrubbing . Way too high maintenance , get a toilet lock that connects to the toilet lid and is entirely outside of the bowl .
 I 'm returning this . It is so flimsy and it took 5 seconds for my toddler to figure out how to open it .
 This was super easy to install . But only lasted two days . We installed it , I showed my husband and daughter how to use it . Then my two year old son decided he wanted to open the toilet again . It took less than a minute for him to break it . I heard a noise , walked the short distance from my kitchen to the hall bath where we installed it . To find my little tornado toddler looking guilty and all of the pieces to the lid-lok on the floor . I tried to figure out how to put the pieces back together much like a puzzle . But after about 15 minutes , decided I would just buy a sturdier lock for the toilet .
 We tried to install this with every different combination of spacers and latches that came with the lock , and it would not stay attached to our toilet . Luckily , Amazon has a great return policy and refunded my money -LRB- Thank you Amazon ! -RRB- Next , I 'm going to try theMunchkin XTRAGUARD Multi Use Latches . I 'll review that when I get it .
 My son is 11 months old , and he is able to open the toilet seat while the lid lock is engaged . He lifts the toilet seat cover up , which bends the locking arm mechanism backwards so much that it loses its grip and allows the seat cover to pop open . We have a standard Toto toilet and the seat cover is flat with the angled edging surround . I am very disappointed and am looking for a replacement lid lock .
 Looked good in theory , but our 10 month old pulled this off the toilet in ~ 30 secs -LRB- & yes it was installed correctly -RRB-
 My 15-month-old defeated this in under a minute . DO NOT BUY THIS . You will be wasting your money . Even if he had n't gotten around it , I ca n't stay the placement of it . It hits you in the leg when you 're sitting down !
 I bought this after already having a Safety 1st lock on our upstairs toilet . Which for adults is a bit dificult to figure out which is a good thing . The toilet this was going on is a newer Kohler toilet . After adding all the included spacers the unit didnt fit close to the bowl . The lid was able to be opened a good 3 inches and with a little effort because of the play and it not fitting snug you could open the lid . Another thing is if your a germ-a-fobe this isnt a great item . We all know the guys pee with the lid and seat open and this sits in a spot where over spray can get on it and who wants that . plus having to remove it routinely to clean it . not me !!! Sent it back .
 My one year old had no trouble figuring it out . It 's neither sturdy nor intelligent in its design . I could not recommend it for the purpose it 's being sold .
 This lock is incredibly flimsy . The release mechanism can be opened by any toddler curious enough to check the latch out . With our toilet , there was a few inch gap between the toilet and device , so our son lifting the toilet lid could easily bypass the latch entirely . I had ideas to remedy that - BUT the plastic of the latch itself is so flimsy , I 'm pretty confident it 'd just break anyway .
 Useless , do n't buy it . I have twin girls and I put it on , guess what the toilet top can be open easily . Not safe for children at all !
 This was just not a fit and I just have a standard toilet bowl . I could get it to hook under the rim , and then flip it off w / one or two fingers , and a strong 18 month old child coud easily get around this and open the toilet lid . Save your money ; I did n't return it because the shipping cost is about the price of the thing , but I do n't like buying an item and then throwing it away .
 i installed it with the max number of tightness possible and you can still open the lid a good 4 inches . enough for my 16 month old to open it and stick his hand in . was definitely looking for a tight fit .
 We liked it until our 13 month old managed to break it off the toilet completely . Before that it did its job and was n't too difficult to use .
 Inside this package they give you spacers to fit the product to the toilet . Three spacers is too loose on the rim and four spacers is too tight . -LRB- The clamp wo n't fit over the top of the rim without snapping in half . The spacers fall off anyway . -RRB- It says in the directions that it 'll work when slightly loose . Well , when it 's slightly loose , it slightly POPS OFF the toilet . Is n't very useful when it wo n't even attach to the toilet.I refuse to spend extra money and time fitting adhesive or rubber onto the inside of this gadget . It 's going back . I 'll just close the bathroom door . It 's free and guaranteed to work!Our toilet is a brand new American Standard -- nothing out of the ordinary . Do n't waste your time or money with this thing .
 This product slips off of the curved toilet seat covers . I did not like it at ALL . Adhesive is also poor . If they are persistent or strong , babies can get into the toilet even if using this product properly .
 My 12 mo old son loves to get into the toilet . This device stopped him from opening the lid all the way but he could still open it up a few inches and get his little arm right into the water !
 My 13-month-old son gave the top flap a hard pull and the whole thing snapped right off . I had to fish the broken piece out of the toilet bowl . Yuck .
 My son has been getting into the toilet & tossing toys in . I thought this would be a perfect solution . With the shape of my toilet , however , this item did not work . I tried using all the extenders & it never fit right . Unfortunately , I had to send it back . If you have an older toilet with a thick rim & round lid , this should work .
 I bought this for the master bathroom toilet , since my daughter sleeps in our room and we spend a lot of time in there . It has a modern style toilet where the lid is the full size of the seat . Attempting to lift the lid while the lock is set in the locked position somehow just unlatches the lock and the lid opens with no more difficulty than if the lock was n't even installed . I disappointedly installed this toilet lock in our other bathroom , with an older style , smaller toilet with a smaller lid , it works on that toilet unless you use about 5lbs of lifting pressure , then because the lid is smaller it just slips out of the lock . My daughter is almost 14 months and has n't gotten it yet , but she has n't exactly tried either . We put a Safety 1st Swing Shut Toilet Lock -LSB- ... -RSB- on the master toilet and will soon be putting the same kind on this toilet . -LRB- There is no way LO is opening that , and I can do it with one hand to rinse out a dirty cloth diaper -RRB- . I am giving it a couple stars because it was super easy to install , and it looks like a decent design . I do n't know why it does n't work for us .
 Title says it all . Broke in less than 2 weeks . Even before it broke , I had to install it on the very end of the toilet in order for the lid not to open far enough for a little hand and arm to go in and then you had this big thing between your legs while using the toilet . I have replaced it with http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003IP8RRM/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title and love these -LRB- have them on drawers and the toilet -RRB- .
 Unit falls off too easily and get stuck closed , we took it off for now .
 We used this for about a week before the baby figured out if she slides it to the side of the toilet it pops right off . It did not stay in one place and had to be positioned directly on the front of the toilet rather than the side . That made it very inconvenient .
 This product really does n't work all that well . I tried using a piece of rubber material to help give the device a little more traction , but it still did n't work well . If your kid has any sort of strength they 'll rip this thing right off .
 I guess I made the mistake of un-doing the lid lock once when she could see - but now my 19-month old daughter can work this device . It has actually become somewhat of a toy for her - as soon as she realized I did n't want her to play with it , it 's become a must-do . Skip is and go for the one with the buttons on the side .
 This fell off after about 2 weeks of use . It seems so flimsy anyway that I did n't bother to put it back on . I 'm wishing I had spent a little more money and got a more secure toilet lock , because I 'm going to have to end up doing that anyway ...
 We just installed this product on our dual-flush toilet and you can still lift the lid about 3 inches high . I followed the directions exactly . I 'm not sure if it 's because our toilet is dual-flush or new or one of the types that sits higher than the normal run-of-the mill toilet . Whatever the reason , this product did n't deliver to my expectations . We bought two of these . I have a normal toilet in another bathroom and I 'm going to install the second lid-lok later today . Hopefully it works on that one . If not , you 'll see a second review from me .
 this is a piece of junk and complete waste of money . I can not believe that they did not find anything that could keep the toilets locked for toddlers safety . It 's completely useless . No its not hard to install . In fact its so silly that you have to drop your senses and install it . You can easily live without this piece of crap .
 I 'm very unhappy with this product . My 13 month old was able to pull the little plastic bolts on the hinge off easily . They present a terrible choking hazard . I ca n't believe this product is still on the market and not part of a recall . NOT SAFE !
 This product did not work with our toilet because of the angle of the toilet bowl . There was no way of knowing this until we took it out of the box and tried to install it . We ended up with a swing-shut toilet lock from Target instead , which would probably work for a wider variety of toilet shapes . -LRB- Who ever knew there was a variety of different bowl shapes in the first place ? -RRB-
 I hated this toilet latch ! It did not fit tight enough on our toilet . Would not reccomend . We have a brand new toilet , so I figured it would work , not so .
 Buy another lock . All my son did was pull up on the lid and presto ... `` open '' ! More toys down the toliet . This thing does not work !
 this is basically junk . Not worth the money . Does not do the job it was intended for . My 1 y/o was able to break it off the toilet in about 3 minutes
 I purchased this to install on my toilets , but they do n't fit.They are designed for toilets that have a square rim . If you have a toilet with a rounded rim , these will not stay on.As soon as the smallest amount of force is applied to open the lid , the lid-lok will fall right off the rim .
 a bit of a pain to put on . worked for a short while until toilet by toilet they all started breaking apart . would try something else these just do n't last .
 I 'm not entirely sure why they do n't work , I just know they do n't serve their intended purpose . I fixed them to my toilets and was able to open the lid with them &#34; locked . &#34; My 15 month old son could do it too . Plus , because of the design , this lock will get pretty gross , as part of the mechanism sits inside the toilet .
 our toilet is a gerber maxwell and this thing does n't fit too well on it . my daughter and still open the lid . bottom line
 This is such a ridiculous excuse for a toilet seat lid . It 's easy enough to install but hello ! What 's to stop anybody , especially a toddler from lifting the entire seat and lid together ? Not a thing ! The `` kit '' that comes with it to secure it to the toilet rim is a joke in that it rattles around like crazy and when it 's closed , it does n't fit snuggly around the seat so it 's completely loose . Total and complete piece of junk !!!
 I received the wrong product so emailed them 2 weeks ago informing them of this . I have yet to receive a response . Let alone the correct product.I want my money back or the correct item I ordered . Very simple .
 I 'm happy about my new baby brother and all but jeez ! I got ta use the only toilet this house has but I do n't know how to get this thing off !! Somebody please inform me on how to get this off or my bladder just might explode !
 This device just would not hold to the bowl , no matter how many times I went over the instructions . A gentle pull was all that was necessary to lift the lid . I also did n't like that since it went into the bowl , it would need to be cleaned . I do n't need another thing to clean . It 's going in the trash tonight .
 would not recommend this product . there was a huge gap between the top of the lock and my actual toilet lid -LRB- it looks flush with the lid in the pictures -RRB- . the whole lock would swing around the rim of the toilet bowl rather than stay in one place . my 9 month old daughter was playing the the lid and seat -LRB- since there was such a huge gap for here to lift them up -RRB- and broke the whole thing !
 This lid lock was in use for less than one week in our home when my baby pulled on it once and it broke . The plastic hinge literally cracked and the plastic bolts fell to the floor . So not only did I have a wide open toilet that he could play in , now I had choking hazards all over the floor . I will definitely be calling this company to complain -- how can they claim to keep my child safe if their product creates an additional hazard ?
 This product was my last hope as the other products did not fit my toilets ... but my one-year-old twins figured it out in ten seconds .
 The mechanical design is n't clever enough to compensate for the cheap plastic 's lack of stiffness . The result is that my 1.5 yo can force it open by jerking the toilet seat . It doe 's help a bit but you ca n't trust this thing to stop you child from drowning !
 Yes the clamp fit on my toilet seat but my son can still lift the lids and this device will just come off with it . Mommy 's Helper need to make a stronger device and I 'm disappointed with this deice .
 my son came over , and ripped the seat up and broke this into pieces ... Lasted all of 5 minutes . No thanks !
 I didnt really want this product to begin with because it sounded like a germ catcher . Product wasnt that easy to install but sits on the toilet and is kind of large . We used it for a few weeks but got rid of it . We recommend with a door handle lock instead so the child can not get into the bathroom .
 I ordered these thinking they would work great . . Not the case . They do not fit my toilets at all . I am disappointed . I am returning these and having to find another solution . . The 4th product I have tried .
 I installed this item very easily . My little girl put it to the test soon after and it nearly snapped . It certainly would have had I not stopped her . I sent it back for a refund right away . I do n't reccommend this product .
 Good concept but my 1 year old was able to slide the lock around on the side of the toilet -LRB- even though I used all the spacers -RRB- and was able to access the toilet water by partially lifting the lid . Disappointing .
 I purchased this product after having tried other toilet baby-proofing products . We have an unusual toilet tank -LRB- old house -RRB- and most other products either did n't fit or broke quickly due to the unusual stresses that the shape of the tank puts on the plastic.This one does work on our toilet and should be durable since it does n't actually touch/attach to the tank . Unfortunately , it has several flaws . Part of the product attaches to the bowl , and as you can imagine , it gets dirty along with the rest of the bowl . Due to the square joins of the plastic parts , though , it is no where as easy to clean as the rounded bowl . The other problem has to do with the fact that it can easily slide around on the bowl . This issue is two-fold
 We tried to use this but it would not hold properly on the toilet edge . A waste of money from our standpoint .
 Baby loves it . But , it plays for less than 5 minutes . Just when he is about to start enjoying it . I have to rewind it at least 4 times . Very frustrating . Does n't help me get things done when I have to stand there and rewind again & again . Baby is almost 7 weeks and just starting to pay this item any attention . It would be helpful it this thinglasted at least 10 minutes -LRB- I would even consider getting one that required batteries -RRB- . If it had a timer that I could control that would be great as well . Would not buy . Received as a baby shower gift .
 Our baby loved this mobile , but it broke after playing it for about 21/2 months . We played it often , but not nonstop ! The music box/crank spontaneously snapped and now to the baby 's frustration , the mobile does n't move or make noise . We wish we 'd bought something that would last longer and was made better .
 While I 've used this product for years , I had a terrible experience with the merchant I bought this from
 I was told it would be helpful to buy stacking cups , so I found these . Like a couple of other reviewers , upon receiving them , I was disappointed . These cups are very small and the lip area is small . The cups do not stack well at all . I had trouble with the larger cups , the smaller cups were ridiculous . I returned these and will look for cups that stack better.I will admit , if you wanted something for your child to play with , toss around , these are okay and an okay price . For the purpose of stacking , these just are not that great . Disappointed .
 These cups are not worth the money that is being charged . The display pictures make them look much bigger than they are . In fact the smallest cup could be a choking hazard for smaller kids . You are better off buying measuring cups at K-mart for $ 3.00 .
 I was at at a play group that had cups like this and my 8 mo old daughter loved them to play and knock down the stack . The group leader said they were quite a few years old but I was determined to find them . These cups are much smaller than expected and they do n't have a very big `` lip '' on them therfore they do n't stack very well . They do have holes in them to drain well when you wash them . My daughter does enjoy them but I think she would more if they stacked better .
 The Easy-To-Clean aspirator does not muster up enough suction to effectively remove nasal congestion . Additionally , the tip is not big enough to create a good vacuum . I suggest the Luv N ' Care Nuby Nasal Aspirator for sale at Walgreens .
 This product was very dissapointing . Its too soft and there is no suctions what so ever . The tiny tip falls off while trying to use causing a small panic if it getting stuck up the little ones nose . not to mention becasue of these problems the baby ends up throwing a fit and gets very upset .
 Seat cover keeps falling off to the left . This caused the styrofoam to chip off . The company -LRB- Sunshine Kids -RRB- refuses to send another one even though it 's only been 3 months since purchase and I have a receipt . They keep saying it 's amazon 's responsibility . Amazon is only responsible for 30 days .
 Disappointed . I thought it would be fuller but its flat without any fullness . I was expecting something like pottery barn but I was way off and I am not tough to please .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's nursery and was hoping it would complement the vintage rose pink I had already in the room -LRB- I was looking for a soft light pink skirt -RRB- ; unfortunately the color has more of a purple hue to it similar to a soft ballerina pink . It also is more princessy/fairytail looking then I thought it would be , an aesthetic I was trying to avoid . If you want to compare the color of the tulle , the light pink bridal tulle at Joanne 's Fabric Store is the exact same color -LRB- I had some tulle rounds leftover from the baby shower -RRB- . The third layer of fabric behind the 2 tiered layers of tulle is also a matching light pink cotton/muslin . I tried to see if the color of the crib skirt would change having a white or cream piece of fabric behind the tulle , but both colors made little difference , just a smidgen lighter , but the purple is still there . If you are going for a princess/fairytale or ballerina theme I think this pink crib skirt would complement perfectly .
 VERY disappointed with this product . The ruffle goes down both long sides of the mattress , and across only one end ! While that makes sense with a normal bed , in my experience most cribs do not go like that . Our crib goes against the wall and one of the ends is exposed while the side against the wall is covered . It just does n't make sense ! The ruffle is OK - I can still see through the tulle to the metal support structure though , which was the whole point of getting the crib skirt . Pretty sure I 'll be returning this . I do n't recommend it at all .
 The product description is deceptive . There was not enough pictures or description to understand what the product was actually made of . I would have surely returned it , but did n't wanted to go through the hassle . This material is a net like material and not cloth . I would not recommended this product .
 After multiple attempts to adhere this to my Toyota Camry 's rear window , it would not stay put . In fact , it fell down every time within only a few minutes and before the car ever moved . Not only is this obviously a safety hazard , but it annoying as all get-out . Since I can not seem to find a suitable rear window shade that actually works and is n't a safety hazard , I am investing in window tinting - an expense I was hoping to avoid .
 Maybe this is meant for extra tiny babies ? But I got the large size . This was pretty much a useless item for me . I did n't return it because I thought that I might get the hang of it . But just could n't manage to stuff the baby inside this thing without worrying that she would suffocate or somehow get mangled . I got the Maya sling wrap instead . That one works great !
 I bought this without looking at the dimensions , assuming all changing tables would be long enough for babies until ~ 3 years old . My baby is 1 month and is almost too big for the table . Do n't buy it !
 I wanted a changing table that was more enclosed than most and that stood higher , as both of us are tall . What was n't clear is how much smaller the changing area is than most . A standard changing pad -LRB- 16x20 -RRB- does not fit on it , and you NEED a pad , as the lip is VERY VERY small as well as sharp . Baby can easily roll off this if unmodified as well as bump his head on the lip . We wound up strapping a curved pad on the top and using the changing pad cover to help anchor it . Other big problem
 This gate is n't a pressure mount . It 's definitely not portable . It pressure mounts onto plastic things that you SCREW into the doorway . No thanks . I 'm disappointed that it was misrepresented in the description and I 'll be sending it back .
 I was looking for a pressure-mounted extra wide gate , and came across this product and thought it fit the bill by reading the product description . The description reads as follows
 Our opening is 46 definitely does not fit ! either fits the minimum width or the max . In the middle the door opening feature is useless because part of the extension is in the way . Sending it back tomorrow to get something else .
 I bought this gate because I run a home daycare and I have an extra-wide doorway that I need to close off . The gate quality is really good but the latch and lock system is terrible . I have children that are year and a half old and they figured out how to unlock and open the gate about a week after I installed it . So unless you plan on using it for pets I would not waste the money on this one .
 Had to align it just right , otherwise the gate does n't shut . Torn right out of walls several times . Does n't take into account height of baseboards , have a book wedged underneath the middle to support gates .
 We were so happy with this gate which worked well for nearly 5 months . Then yesterday , the entire metal bottom of the gate snapped in half . The warranty is only 90 days and they did n't have a part they could ship to fix it . The only option is to buy a brand new gate . I 'm not going to do that just to have it break again . So irritating and a huge waste of money . I 'll add a picture later .
 I ordered and received the Regalo Maxi Gate a few weeks ago , but have been unable to install it because the diagram in the instruction manual does not match what was shipped . I called the phone number on the manual , only to find out that the number had been changed . I did get the new number and called it , but the canned response just said the office was closed -- no information about when the office was open . I am going to send the gate back if I do not hear from someone in the next day or two , and will contact Amazon to find out if I can get back my return shipping , as the product is relatively heavy and will cost a fair amount to ship .
 This gate is so poorly built it is not even funny !!! Do n't waste your time on this gate !! I am so glad we returned ours .
 I purchased this gate Oct 2011 and last night we noticed my daughter got out and upon looking noticed the metal completely cracked !! SO it is not useless !
 Although this gate may be suitable for wide openings it does not take into account moldings on the wall or thresholds so it has pieces that are supposed to be mounted to the wall but it requires it to be in the middle of the molding so that half of it is not touching the wall . It also has a piece for the middle of the gate that should go in the middle on the floor , but if you have a threshold then the gate again wo n't be able to support this piece and wo n't be able to install properly .
 I rated this 2 stars , if says three stars I dont know why , anyway Seems fairly sturdy , good for the price , BUT the things I HATE about it is you have to screw brackets into the wall to secure it , the gate installed sits an inch off the floor so there 's a bar you have to step over when you walk through it -LRB- Huge Trip Hazard -RRB- , it 's NOT a space saver if you choose not to have the gate up , the latch on the gate is kinda child proof , the release slides to the side to open latch i do and do not like that , and the gate only opens one way ! SO its not a bad gate but not a great gate , you get what you pay for and Im glad I didnt pay anymore than I did for this and it 's serving its purpose But in the future I will pay more for a better gate .
 Although the instruction manual claims , `` This gate can be used in openings from 38 to 60 inches , '' there is a window between 40 and 45 inches where the gate can not be made to work . Using only the main gate -LRB- without extension -RRB- it will span up to 40 '' and the gate with extension can only be shortened to 45 '' , leaving the gap between 40 and 45 inches , which happened to be the opening I wanted to span.In addition , I did n't like that it would only swing one way ; also , the latching mechanism seemed cumbersome . It 's probably a good gate if you have a very wide opening , but otherwise , stick with something else . The two stars are because the product was not as advertised .
 1 -RRB- Gate did not reach 59 inches because that is what I needed EXACTLY .2 -RRB- Gate was also bent during shipping and it was a pain in the rear just to try to bend it back3 -RRB- Door opening was very small and narrow , so if you 're a fatty , do n't come throughI would have given it 4 stars if it fit 59 inches . Either I was sent the wrong one , I do n't know . All I know is that I spend a LOT of money on Amazon.com , too much to have this mistake . And it 's such a hassle to have to return items because I work so many hours a week that I literally work USPS/UPS hours and more so I literally have to lose money by taking time off work to return it . Thats why I do all my shopping online .
 I bought this gate to fit in a 48 '' doorway , but we could not adjust it to fit . Other than not fitting , it seemed like a nice enough gate , although it was not very tall . I was a little concerned my active 2 year old would try to climb on top of it , but we could never install it , so I do n't know if that would have been a problem or not . I think if you had a larger door opening or a smaller one , it might have fit .
 My hallway opening is about 44.5 '' which falls between the claimed 37-59 '' capabilities of the product . However the provided extension leaves 5 inches of itself protruding into the pass-through , just waiting to snag something or someone . Only option is to take a hack saw to it or return it .
 I was looking for something to span the gap from my kitchen to the living room . unfortunately i had to work around a baseboard , and decorative molding at the top -LRB- beneath the side counter area -RRB- I made it work , but the gate is not as sturdy as i would have hoped and I bought it 6 months before i installed it , so i believe it is to late to return : / looks like we 're stuck with it ... . So long as it does it 's job and keeps my little one out of the kitchen , I will be happy ... I suppose .
 Cheap construction . You have to permanently affix to the wall , unlike competitors ' models which work by compression fittings . Buy the Richell or Carlson gates . They are sturdy and versatile . Plus they are nicer in appearance . The Carlson also has a small pet door built into the bottom of the swinging gate which allows your poor cat to escape your mean old dog .
 I purchased this gate for use as a baby gate . It 's pretty cheaply constructed and does n't seem that sturdy . I was also upset because the description led me to believe that this was pressure mounted . It 's not . I do n't see how they think that this would be portable . You do have to screw this into your wall . I wanted to send the gate back when we received it , but my husband wanted to start using it immediately and did n't want to send it back . It 's not worth the money . Also , if I dont lock it , my 18 month old can open the gate and escape .
 Luvs are priced great , but it does not make-up for the fact they are horrible at stopping blow-outs . My baby wears a size 3 and she blew-out everyday this week including twice in one day and this morning . She is within the lbs according to the package -LRB- and not on the cusp -RRB- , but I am switching brands . I searched online for reviews because I saw a TV commercial last evening for Luvs blow-out protection diapers . I found nothing , so far ... just people with the same gripe as me . I am stuck with a giant box I recently bought ; however , I might gift the remaining to my cousin ... who I do not like .
 My daughter 's daddy bought 3 super size packs of these when we bought her home from the hospital a few weeks ago ! He tossed the reciept . The money back guarantee only works for 1 pack and you must have original reciept or I would have taken these back . These leaked more than any brand I have used with my 1st child or this one . I have been washing more clothes , bedding , and scrubbing out poo and tinkle . Even the smallest amount leaks right out the leg ! Every single time even if the baby is sitting up . Not much fun to have poo leak all over your own clothes while holding baby . Expect to do a LOT of washing and soaking if you buy these ! They suck !
 Conventional wisdom is that the diaper 's primary function is to absorb urine and catch the poo . Although , if you were a Luvs devotee , you 'd think that the poo is supposed to leak through every time , while the fastening tape is there to cut into your child 's legs . Yes , these are unconventional diapers that do n't do what a diaper 's supposed to do . Of all brands we 've tried , to include generics , these are the crappiest . If I could 've given Luvs less than 1 star , I would 've ... our experience with these diapers was a poo-filled nightmare.For a good brand , with a lot of comfort try one of the following :1 -RRB- Pampers , 'cause they got all the coolest cross-branded characters2 -RRB- Huggies , 'cause they got the gigglastic that is both elasticky and makes all the kids giggle .3 -RRB- Kirkland Signature , yes , the Costco brand . They look way more comfortable than your average diaper and are a good deal cheaper . I 've yet to see one of these leak .4 -RRB- Duct tape and gauze ... 'cause that 's how well Luvs work.Then again , if you 're ok with leaking poo , go with the Luvs , they 're guaranteed to satisfy .
 tell it like it is . ` silver ' is mentioned 3 times in your review . the thing is stainless . im looking at the item , not the price . decieving .
 I have twins and they received these walkers for their first Christmas . We were very excited about these walkers and like the idea they could use them together . We soon discovered these toys have a bad design and are potentially extremely dangerous . Both of my girls had the same thing happen , they would be trying to walk behind the toy pushing the handle and their pants would get caught under a wheel . This causes them to trip and their necks would get stuck on the handle bar . Since their feet were stuck , they would n't move their head started to choke . These are a neat idea , but major design error .
 We splashed out on this as it looked fantastic in the pictures . However , the instructions were useless and once put together , both screws stuck out from the sides in a dangerous way . It would have been very easy for my baby to have injured himself badly . My husband was horrified at the design . The picture on the box also did not match up with the actual product . Highly misleading and very diasppointing . We returned it straight away . I bought a simple V tech walker and he loved pushing that around easily by himself , and now he can walk , he still loves playing with it .
 The price of this item seemed a bit high , but I decided to buy it anyway as I assumed the quality would match the price . This was not the case . It looked like something you might buy at Ikea , and the quality was not impressive . To top things off , the screws provided for assembly did n't fit . I could have solved this with a drill or a trip to the hardware store , but at this price , that simply is n't acceptable . I ended up returning it .
 I really liked the look of this bag online , but when it came it was HUGE . It looks reasonably sized in the picture , but I could carry my baby , my dog and all the things they both need for a weekend trip in it . Easily . I ca n't think of any reason a bag this large is necessary . I love the pattern on it and the colors are adorable .
 I originally bought this pump because with my older child I only had to pump occassionally , and it suited its purpose . When my second child arrived I had less time to nurse so , I decided to pump more often , with this pump it was impossible . It takes forever and the motor started to burn out after two weeks . I decided to purchase the new Avent pump , which works great .
 DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!! It 's about as useful as a door knob when it comes to pumping milk . I just wasted my 50 bucks : -LRB-
 Unfortunately , I have two of these pumps . Both of which are broken . The first one worked well for two months ; however , milk backs up into the pump and you have continually keep pulling it off . Then of course , the motor burns out . The second I have worked for exactly two weeks before the same thing happened.Save your money for something else especially since these are not returnable . Your better off using a manual pump .
 This pump is worthless , I bought it right before I went back to work and three weeks into it the pump stopped working . When I tried to get my money back from First Years they want me to go through all this trouble shooting everytime I want to use it . I am pumping on my lunch break , like I have time to go through that . DO NOT BUY , YOU ONLY GET FRUSTRATED !
 I had the AVENT manual pump when I had my first daughter and it worked really great . Too bad it did n't work with my second daughter . My nipple got stuck on the connector and it is so painful . I decided to get this one because my friend adviced me to get this one . It worked fine at first except the noise , but then it started acting weird . The liquid went up caused leaking and then it started making a noise like you need to change the battery while I 'm using the adaptor . After several use , I totally lost the suction . I tried to put it all the way up to get more suction , but I still do n't feel any pressure . I 'm so over with this pump and ready to dump it ! Do n't waste your money for this pump .
 Bought this pump thinking it was a great valua but you do get what you pay for . Same thing happened to mine that happened to the others that reviewed it . Back up of milk in the three way and loss of suction after about a month or so of use :-LRB- I would n't by another . I recommended it to my sister after I first got it and she got stuck with a bummer too : -LRB-
 gets radio stations on it and does n't even work well ! lots of static ! could n't hear baby on monitor !
 I previously had a monitor that had a rechargeable receiver , so I was thrilled when I saw another with that option for baby # 2 . Do n't be fooled ! I fully charged the battery , and MAYBE it lasted about 2 or 3 hours . I was so disappointed . I am returning it today and paying the difference for a much better quality monitor .
 I read the reviews and people must have been paid to write such good things about this product . It was horrible since the first use . It was bought for me so I did not have the receipt and I decided to buy another to see if the first was faulty . The second was just as bad so I returned it . The reception is lousy and come in and out-NOT VERY SAFE ! It also interferes with many other monitors out there . Do n't waste your money !!!!
 This product worked well for us ; unfortunately , when our baby was around two months old , the power cord for the handheld unit started acting up . It would n't power the handheld unit unless the unit was placed JUST SO on a tabletop . We since discarded it and got another one . I 'm very unimpressed with this product .
 This bag is small -LRB- for a diaper bag -RRB- and cheaply made . It is basically an open bag without pockets or anything to help you organize -LRB- except the tiny plastic bag shown in the picture -RRB- . Did I mention it 's cheaply made ? I have other diaper bags purchased from Amazon that are fantastic , but this one is not a bargain at 70 percent off the retail price . I would send it back , except the shipping cost to return it is 3/4 the price of the bag itself .
 at first i liked these because they were easy to take out . unfortunately , my toddler thought so too . the only outlet option that i 've found works are the plate covers . the make it so the outlet is accessible to me , but not my son .
 While these are very easy for adults to remove , unfortunately they were also very easy for my 14 month old to remove , and it was excellent entertainment for him until I was able to replace them with regular old flat ones that are tough for me to pry out .
 I was very surprised to see my 21 month old pop this outlet cover right off the outlet . We received these as a gift at the baby shower , but now seeing all the poor reviews and from personal experience I will NOT be recommending these to any other parents or parents to be .
 Amazon should take this off the list . This is a scam and these are useless plugs . They have a meaningless spring type button in the middle and they have a side thickness which makes then so easy to pull off . My 7 month old son made it a game to pull these off , I ca n't tell you how annoyed you get and stressed you get ...
 I walked into my eight-month-old son 's room after his nap today to discover he had removed one of these from the outlet near his crib . DO NOT buy them !
 My 22 month old just greeted me with a handful of these outlet covers . Sigh . I am so disappointed by this product . I should have bought the cheaper ones that are really hard to remove . Do n't buy .
 My 15 month old has no problem taking these out . His interest has been drawn to them now and they are very ineffective .
 Much like everyone else said - these plugs are so easy to remove it is almost laughable . My 101/2 month old removes them and chews on them with ease - it does n't even take effort on her part . So disappointed in this product .
 I bought these thinking they would be great since I had a way to easily remove them . It turns out it 's not necessary since you can pull them out swiftly without using the `` button . '' My daughter started pulling these out of the outlets at 9 months old as if it was just laying there . They are SOOO easy to pull out of the plugs . Not only that , but I have yet to find a cord they will stay on when you try to attach it for the convenient `` no lose '' aspect of the plug . All in all I might as well not even have these covers they are so useless . Go for cheap and simple ... `` convenient '' is overrated .
 Like the other reviews , as soon as my baby was mobile these were the first things to get pulled . Then the baby wants to put them back in and thinks that she has learned a new game . Too thick , too much to grab , too easy to get an edge underneath and pry off . Very disappointed , very pleased with smart daughter .
 By 18 months my son was able to take these off . I think they are too thick and provide too much for him to grab onto .
 I purchased these , thinking that all outlet covers are the same , and I liked the price . However , my 8 month old son can easily slip his tiny pointer finger behind them and pop them out .
 Length :
 Length :
 These are the worst plugs on the market . The second my son could walk -LRB- maybe even when he could crawl -RRB- he could take these out . Took him less than 4 seconds . The good news is that he became bored with them and stopped taking them out because it was n't a challenge .
 Not only can small children EASILY pull these out , they are more tempted to do so because they stick out like a sore thumb . They are not even slightly effective for the smallest of children .
 We received these outlet plugs with a grab bag of other Safety 1st products . Unfortunately , these are NOT safe at all . When my daughter was nine-months old she could pull them out of the sockets with relative ease . They are too easy for her to grip and pull out of the socket , so we switched to a different kind that lay almost flush with the outlet covers . -LRB- We have an older home with a mix of older electrical sockets and newer electrical sockets , and these did not work as they should for either style . -RRB- Edited to add
 Do n't buy this product . They seem great at first because they are very convinient and easy to get out , but unfortunately they 're a little too easy . A one year old in my care is able to get them out easily , not only defeating the purpose of the plug but also creating a choking . Sure the old fashioned ones are a pain to get out and they ruin your nails ... but these are too easy and are very dangerous .
 Trust me they figure out how to get them out of the outlets . Get the old fashion one that us parents have a hard time getting out .
 Absolutely the worst ! The little notches on the side are baby finger sized and they come right out . Buy the old school kind for REAL safety !!!
 These are terrible outlet covers , my son could pull them out at 10 months old .
 These outlet covers are a complete waste of money . They are perfectly designed for little fingers to pull out . My daughter has an easier time pulling these out than my husband and the tab sticks out in a way that makes pulling it out tempting for her . Bare outlets would be safer .
 I ordered 4 jars of the Milkmaid Tea from this vendor , having purchased it before from a store 20 miles away from me , it was more convenient to order online . The picture on the page SHOWS a 4oz package , and that was the size I had purchased previously , so I ordered 4 of them , hoping to stock up.When I opened the package -LRB- which did arrive promptly -RRB- I was dismayed to see 4 TWO ounce tubs of tea ! $ 8.88 for a 2 oz tub of this tea is RIDICULOUS . I have written the company Doula Shop for a refund , and will wait to see what happens .
 I find it hard to use these bottles - at the 3am feeding in low light its hard to see the flow rate which is positioned on top . There have been a few times my 2 month old has started gaging . .
 The monitor works and it is nice to have two receivers , but since it is not 900 mHz like our other one , there is a ton of static on the receiving end . I would recommend making sure it says 900 Mhz .
 TONS OF STATIC , THEY DID N'T LAST LONG . THEY WO N'T HOLD A CHARGE AND WORK SOMETIMES AND LOSES ITS POWER OTHER
 When we first bought this monitor , it worked great . 8 months later all we get is clicking . One of the receivers volume adjusters quit working . Call the 800 number and they recommend replacing the batteries . Did that for over $ 20 and still has same problems . Should 've just bought a new one . Live and learn : -RRB-
 If you are looking at these b/c you own or are thinking of buying the Elan pump - note that it has been discontinued and the pump contains BPA ! So , look at other pumps that are not made of BPA !!!!
 This jumper is too hard to get my baby in and out of . He grabs the straps and it 's just a hassle to use . It also does n't really `` bounce '' . He has a jumperoo and has loved that since he was 4 months old . This on the other hand was a waste of money and a complete annoyance .
 This is very cute - bright colors , adorable pattern etc. . However , unless you are pumping it up and down with your hand , or your child weighs 35 pounds , it wo n't bounce smoothly . It 's very jerky . I loved the price , however the only thing it was good for was a swing . Save up and buy a more expensive model , your child will have a lot more fun !
 Is not what we had in mind , is very complicated , every time you get the baby in or out w/out bumping her face or neck , maybe is for older kids ... my kid is 7 mo. and 21 pounds ... she spends in the average of ten minutes .
 I just got it today , had my 5 month old daughter in it for 2 minutes and was disappointed . It is cheap and it is n't ` springy ' . The straps are in an awkward place and they rub against her arms . She ca n't even barely jump in it because the spring sucks .
 We bought this product 1 wk . ago . Our son just turned 4 mos . old . He loved being put in the jumper and quickly learned how to manipulate his body in order to move himself around in it . By the end of the first week , I put him in it and turned my back for a second to put a pillow under him . In that split second my 4 mo. old fell and let out an earth-shattering scream . All 4 straps had come out of the holes . When assembling the jumper for the first time I questioned whether or not it would hold . The straps are simply looped through a hole . I wish I had followed my motherly insticts !!
 a week after i bought this item i saw it in wallmart for half the price in gilmer tx
 I got this item for my child and tried it out . While my child was in the jumper one of the straps unhooked . He could of gotten hurt . the Way the staps connect to the seat is not very stable at all ! For the safty of your children do not buy . I am returnng this item for a safer jumper .
 I purchased this for my daughter -LRB- 12 months and 24 pounds -RRB- as she is not walking yet and thought it would be fun for her to have something to do while I cooked and washed the dishes . I did read the description and some reviews , but did not see anywhere that the limit was 24 lbs . There was a complaint that it was too big for one kid , so I thought `` great , baby will fit ! `` When it arrived , alas , the weight limit was 24 lbs . Just be aware ! I had to return it immediately , like I had time for that!Frustrated Mom
 My baby is 71/2 months old and she can barely fit in it ! Her legs are spread too wide apart and she she moves from side to side and back and forth . She loves to jump , which is why I purchased the jumper , but I am highly disappointed in the johnny jump cause my baby fits inside it clearly very uncomfortable . It seems to be designed for a big or hefty baby , not an average size baby . I 'm going to purchase her a different jumper so she can jump around all she wants ! I would rather throw out the johnny jump than to let someone eles go through the horror !!!
 This seemed like the original johnny jump-up I had for my first child 13 years ago . We loved that one , so I got this one for my baby and after spending almost half an hour figuring out how to put it together , it did n't work very well . It just did n't seem as SPRINGY as it should be . I ended up returning it and getting the $ 40 version with the tray instead -LRB- the Jump & Go -RRB- . People have complained about the tray pinching baby 's fingers against the doorway , but we have a wide doorway , so it works well and is a lot springier . Also , our little guy likes the toy tray on the Jump & Go version a lot .
 The spring was too tight so there is no `` jump '' in the Johnny Jump Up . My son just hung there pathetically . He bent his knees and just kind of swung . At 4 months , the basket was way too big for him , he could only get one arm over the bar , and the other was tucked inside because he could n't reach the other side . He just chewed on the bar , and thats the most entertainment he got out of it . When he did try to jump , if only one of his feet touched the ground , it would spin out of control .
 My daughter loves the thing , but it 's pretty dangerous . She is just under the 24 lb weight limit and was spinning around in the chair when the main support strap snapped and she fell to the ground . It 's a good thing it only sits about 18 inches off the ground , but we have hardwoods ... She had only used it a half dozen or so times before . I was surprised that the nylon webbing they used for the main support loses all strength when it is twisted and snaps like thread . If you ca n't keep your little ones from spinning in it , it might be time to put it away ...
 First off I have to qualify that I am the father of four and have had three Johny-Jump-Up products myself as well as two others that my parents bought for younger siblings , and several friends with them to boot . On top of that I design consumer products and know about quality and function.The old style Johny-Jump-Ups were terrific , I purchased them in 2000 and 2003 from Toys R Us for my first two kids with the heavy duty all metal external -LRB- non-sheathed -RRB- spring , and surrounding serving tray just like my parents had back in the 80 's / 90 's for my younger siblings . These things bounced freely and sat kids comfortably . My eldest two were enjoying them from four months untill they walked . They could literally jump off the ground like they were on a trampoline.This product is made with a useless low quality spring encased in a high friction plastic sheath , and a metal tube suspended basket with no food/toy tray . As soon as I took it out of the package I had my doubts , but still I was underestimating just how poor this product is . First off the spring does not bounce period , it just sags and aids slightly in rebounding . To make matters worse the basket is ridiculously huge , I mean a school age child could fit in it if not for the small leg holes . The metal rim on the basket came up to my 6 months old 90th percentile sons nose causing him to smash his face into it anytime he did a near facimile of a bounce . These things are supposed to not only entertain your child , but train his legs and brain the skills and strength needed to walk . What is the point if your child can walk well before he can fit in the bouncer . I tried to use the `` bouncer '' for a while even well after my son was walking just to see if he had grown into it . Still even at a year old the rim came up to his throat level and choked him on the downward stroke of a `` bounce '' or jammed into his armpits causing bruising if I did n't tuck his arms in.My conclusion is that this item is completely useless for the purpose it was designed for . The only good use you might get out of it is if you resize the leg holes and hang it from a big enough door frame that a second grader could use it . Anyone who gave this a good review had no frame of reference to what a bouncer is actually supposed to do . If I could give it zero stars I would .
 I had a Johnny-Jump-Up for my son in 1979 and he loved it . It gave him plenty of exercise and kept him entertained while we were rehabbing a house . He used it from about 4-7 months of age . Remembering this , I purchased one for his four month old daughter , for whom I babysit daily . The new one is a piece of junk . The spring has jammed inside the plastic tube and there is no bounce left in the thing . We have used it for only about a month . My granddaughter , who is 50th percentile for weight , enjoyed it for a few weeks - while it functioned more or less as it should - but now it has lost all its bounce and she just hangs there . Very disappointing .
 I was so excited for my son to try this out , but what a disappointment . We call it the suzy spins a lot , it 's not springy at all and when he pushes off his feet he just spins around ; I 've tried raising and lowering the height but he has never gotten the idea that he can bounce around . I WISH I could return it , as it is It 's going in the garbage .
 Though pink and cute , this thing never seemed to work quite right . The baby was n't stable in it -- she would flop over forward . Observers wondered if she would fall out . While that never happened , she 'd get burn marks on her arms from leaning on its frame & ropes to stabilize herself . Ouch ... An annoyance
 I put my 6 month old in this and while she loved jumping and spinning in it , the bucket is so wide and she leans so far forward her head nearly smacked both door frames if I had n't been sticking my hand up to block her ! I did n't feel it was really all that jumpy , either , and the spring made an annoying sound . I 'll be returning this for one that has a smaller seat area and a tray or a bumper to keep her from hitting her head . It was also tricky to get her into it , as well . I do n't recommend this at all .
 First off , I received this as a gift , brand new , and from the second it came out of the package , the spring makes a horrible LOUUUUUUD squeak ... more like a groan ... that is so loud that I kid you not , you ca n't hear the person sitting next to you while my daughter is bouncing in it . We have to yell over it . Lubricating it does not work . It is so loud you ca n't talk on the phone or anything , which is important when I work from home . It 's junk . Wrote Evenflo detailing my problem , did n't even get a response back . No response at all on a brand new product that was paid for with legitimate American greenbacks and is not functioning properly right out of the box , and they do n't think it 's worth their time to respond to a complaint . That 's fine , but no more Evenflo for me.Not only that , but my daughter developed actual sores -LRB- not just temporary redness , I 'm talking an open wound for days and days -RRB- from using this thing . Right on each side of her upper thigh where the `` seat '' is -LRB- seat in quotes because it 's just a thin layer of fabric with no padding -RRB- , it rubbed her skin totally raw and made diaper changes painful for days . I had to just barely dab her with wipes or she 'd scream . Based on the very purpose of this product , it involves a high amount of friction . There needs to be padding in this seat , period.I also agree with other reviewers who said the placement of the straps is awkward for the baby 's arms , that the seat is just too large inside for babies -LRB- it really could accommodate a 3 year old -RRB- , that it 's annoying trying to place a squirming angry octopus baby into this thing as it swings wildly from her kicks , and that it 's not the easiest thing to position using the doorway clamp if you 're a small woman like myself . When accidents happen , it 's a time and a half trying to get the fabric off . The spring is indeed quite stiff , and a jumper that does n't jump is , well ... useless .
 This item is just ok . I prefer the fisher price jumperoo . For one , it does n't seem that comfortable , plus it is a pain to hang in the doorway . Also , it is a pain to take down from your doorway , so you are constantly having to shove it out of the way when you do n't take it down . I guess the only thing nice about it is that it is a space saver ...
 The thing is just not `` springy '' , it 's too stiff . It 's also a pain to put the child in or out . My son could never make it bounce . Not at 12 lbs and not at 20 .
 My baby is 4 months old but the size of a one year old . He drowns in this thing ! he flops all over inside of it and its not very springy at all ! going to find a replacement !
 My son was about 7 months when we purchased this product and he used it 3 times at the most . I felt it was not safe for him and his arms just looked as if they were very uncomfortable .
 Maybe it 's because our house is over 100 years old . I do n't know , but i read and did all the measurements , but when it arrived it would n't fit . It may be because from the edge of the door frame to where the top ledge part is quite long . I wish the description had been better because then I would have known this , but there was n't even a picture of what the attachment looks like .
 The seat is very large and the spring is hard , so even though my son is big for his age he has a hard time getting it to bounce . I think by the time he is big enough and strong enough to make the Johnny Jump Up actually jump , he 'll already be walking .
 we were given the `` Osh Kosh '' model by a friend . she 'd received it as a baby shower present and never used it.we set it up and put our seven month old , twenty pound son into it . we had to adjust it so that his feet would reach the floor and the spring was very stiff but he enjoyed `` standing up '' in it and swaying . we encouraged him to bounce and he got into it , but still fairly gentle bounces . we sat down here in the same room with him and it was n't five minutes later that the metal plate which the strap feeds into for adjustment wore through the nylon strap and it broke , dumping my baby on the floor to be hit on the head by the plastic shaft that contains the spring.I went to Evenflo 's website but saw that we wo n't be able to contact them until the morning - it 's Sunday night right now . I found on the web another complaint about the exact same thing happening , but to a smaller baby girl who fell and hit the back of her head and was then hit in the face with the spring portion of the seat.I wo n't be giving Evenflo any more business , and will be passing this information along to all the parents I know .
 Firstly , although it says suitable for babies of around 5-6 months , it 's not . Our baby is 8 months and still too small to fit into this huge bucket seat . First time we tried putting him into it at 6 months , he could not even see over the top of the waist band , which is a steel tube and dangerous , since he whacked his face against it in the first 5 seconds . There is not much bounce to it , and it 's almost impossible to set a baby up in it on your own , or take the baby out of it . If the baby did get any bounce out of it , I would be even more concerned , since there is nothing securing him into the bucket - ie no harness strap or anything to stop him lifting out of the seat.This is nothing like the original ` jump-ups ' of our generation that consisted of very adjustable and safe soft harness straps that did not include any hard steel bars . The baby should be able to easily be strapped in while lying or sitting down , and then the whole harness fit securely around the baby with a low profile and adjustments for size . The whole thing back then easily attached to the door frame with the baby in it . This is definitely NOT the case with this model.I was so excited to get this for my guy - remembering the fun I had in mine as a baby , but he cries if he even sees it now . It 's a sucky version of a great classic .
 This a fine jumper , but my baby -LCB- eight months -RCB- tries to jump in it , and is distracted by the rope . He can barely move his head around freely . He also has to keep his arms out because of the rope and he wants to play , and can not really in this .
 We thought our 5-month-old daughter would be able to `` bounce '' using this product , but she ca n't . I 'm assuming there is a spring encased somewhere in plastic ? I ca n't really tell ! If there is a spring , it 's too flexible and does n't provide any resistance . Also the protective plastic casing gets stuck . So even if the spring worked , the casing kills off any `` bounce '' the spring may have provided . Our daughter is content to dangle in this thing for a few minutes , but then she gets bored and cries . We 're going to donate this product to Goodwill and try to find a bouncer that works .
 At 9 months old my 27 '' baby still hates the jumper I think because the seat is too wide for her legs to straddle comfortably . Plus when I tried adjusting to the right height , the thing was too high , then too low ... and baby was a pain to keep putting in and taking out of the seat . She fussed and wiggled too much . Oh well ... glad it works for some babies -LRB- and parents -RRB- .
 My other children loved jumping in their jumper but this one stinks ! It does n't go anywhere . My son can only jump as high as his little legs push him - he does n't even get off the ground . It 's as if they are trying to make it too safe for babies . They 've taken all the bounce out of it . Boring !
 The good thing is that , except for the spring , the jumper is pretty nice . Unfortunately , the spring is THE most important part and it is not good . It has low elasticity and our baby did not like it as he had to push really hard to get anything exciting out of it . We gave it away for free and will buy a different one for our new baby girl .
 I got this for my daughter who is 5 and a half months , and she loves to jump . I thought this would be perfect . She weighs 17 pounds and the mechanism that encases the spring makes it too difficult to get any sort of bounce . I have to put almost all my weight on it to make it bounce at all -LRB- 125 lbs -RRB- . It is a joke . The plastic casing around the spring rubs and makes it difficult to get a bounce . This item is definently a NO from me .
 Okay , so I chintzed out and bought the cheaper doorway jumper . I wish I had n't
 We bought it to hang on the door frame . Unless you have an extra extra wide door frame , this jumper would not work well . When my daughter sits on it and moves around , she will bump to the sides of the door frame . After a couple of tries , we decided to return it and bought her a walker instead .
 We have two of door jumps - two different brands . One that works perfectly and this one . The inner spring is not smooth at all !! Baby has a harder time jumping . Spend $ 15 more and get a good one .
 I liked some features of this , but Graco makes a better jumper that is more stable . This one would n't even come close to touching my floor either . We have high ceilings in our house and I had to return it b/c the poor baby was swaying in mid air and the jumper did n't even balance well for me to consider putting a stool or something under him to kick off of .
 My daughter -LRB- 7 months -RRB- loved her Jenny Jump Up ; it kept her entertained for relatively long stretches up time , great for keeping up with housework on my end . However , after a month of use the spring device that enables the jumper to , well , jump became `` sticky '' -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- and jumping is no longer possible ... too bad .
 The seat is set up where you slip two metal bars threw the material to make the top shape , but there is nothing to keep the bars from sliping around , so as the child is jumping the bar is moving making an akward shape which sometimes will move the straps in front of the child or in weird places .
 I remember having so much fun when I had one as a kid . Getting in and out is a huge hassle if they have squirmy legs , also , setup was easy but not the greatest thing i 've ever put togethor , could have had better directions . The leg holes are too wide for my daughter so I recommend putting a towel or somthing to boost her up . Overall the design is safe and clamps very well onto the doorframe , I tug on it to make sure its safe . 2/5
 I would not buy this product because it is difficult to get my four month old in and out of .
 Can this really be classified as a jumper ?! The spring might as well be stuck ! It does n't bounce at all . I ca n't believe Evenflo would even attempt to sell this terrible product . Such a waste of money . I 'm disappointed !
 As many other reviewers noted , the spring has too much friction and does not bounce so the baby just spins around . The problem is with the spring rubbing against the inside of the plastic tube rather than the vinyl strap . I used a pure Teflon bicycle drivetrain lubricant between the tube and spring , which only slightly improved the bounce . $ 20 wasted , will go buy one of the other more expensive brands since reviewers report that those actually work.I am getting tired of these companies continuing to sell so many products that simply do not work !
 Stiff suspension , not bouncy at all . Might be scary for babies who are already mobile and like exploring independently . Our 9mo seemed excited at first but quickly became frightened as she realized she was tethered to a fixed spot . She 's used to cruising and crawling . Wanted to encourage her to bounce by moving it for her , but it 's not springy at all . She 's terrified of it .
 My son did not like this at all . I do n't know if it 's cause he 's bigger for his age but he hated it and we tried it several times . He much prefers and activity center bouncer .
 I find it extremely difficult to get our baby in and out of this thing . It seems you need three hands -- two to hold the baby upright , and one more to guide her legs through the leg holes . I suppose if your baby is cooperative this is less of a problem but ours loves to push her feet against things rather than thread her legs through openings , so getting her in the jump-up without a second person is not at all easy.Once she is in it , she seems to prefer to just spin around in the same direction over and over , twisting the strap tightly and getting upset when she ca n't twist it any further . When she does attempt to jump up and down she is constantly swinging side to side , making it impossible to leave her unattended for even a split second , for fear she will hit her head on the doorway.Overall I am just too scared of my child getting hurt while in this product for it to be worthwhile .
 This product has gone a little down hill since I was a baby as all things lately . Mother in-law and I had trouble putting this thing together for one thing not that it was hard but it was not SIMPLE . We tried looking at the picture to get an idea of if we were doing it right but it did not work out . It is a pain to get my son in and out of , but he enjoys it . The reason I give it a low rating is because putting it together was a pain and they used to put it together for you but now to cut cost they make you read confusing instructions for a toy so simple .
 The seat is too small for my 4 month old . His head hangs over the top and his feet hang over the bottom.At the same time , this seat was too big for my normal-sized kitchen sink.If you want your baby immersed in water , do not buy this . While it has the adjustable straps , they do not work and baby is basically laying flat . Just imagine your baby on a pillow with a little dip in the middle for his/her bottom.It is very soft , so if you do n't want your baby immersed in water , it could be a good buy . Also , a smaller baby may have better luck with this -LRB- mine is 16lbs -RRB- . Returning this and buying a bath ring .
 This had a good seat for a really small one but it also had drawbacks like it was easier to collapse when water was on it so I always kept an extra vigilant eye on everything at bath times w / one had always on the bed to ensure that the water did not cause it to sink . So it had a great soft area for baby but really this was only good thing about this tub , it also was very heavy when filled wth water since I had to wash baby in a tub and you had to ensure it was always hung up or it would mildew , honestly to me not worth it 's cost ...
 This was great until I put it in the washer , it had large white spots and looks like it going to fall apart.it was a gift for my daughter who just had her baby jan 23rd 2009 so she we just started to use it.very unhappy .
 When I bought this product , it was being sold and shipped by Target . My pregnant wife wanted a glider chair to rock the baby in when she arrived . Online it looks to be of decent design and quality . Boy how we were wrong.The first chair that I got , came in a box that looked rather beaten up . Being optimistic , we opened it wishing for the best . Everything looked intact , so I proceeded to put it together . I am fairly mechanically inclined , can put together most things , however the assembly instructions were at times unclear , and total assembly ended up taking about 45 minutes ... which to me is too long for something with not very many parts.That is when I discovered the first problem major problem . One of the Arms was not cut right . The left arm fit snugly into place , where the right arm had a 1/2 inch gap behind it . So the chair actually looked cheap and broken.I contacted Amazon , and they immediately sent a new one . Thinking I could just take the bad arm , and swap it out , I was fine with this minor inconvenience.The new chair arrived a few days later -LRB- in a less damaged box -RRB- , and I dug through the box looking for the new arm ... I found it ... but only half of it . Great . So the new chair was also defective.I contacted Amazon again , and they said since there were numerous problems , they would issue a refund.Overall , the chair does look nice . We did like the material of the cushions , and the overall design . It did feel sturdy . However , since we were unsuccessful in actually getting a fully functional chair , or even enough parts to build one , we have to give it a low rating.I recommend avoiding this product , but if you are set on getting it , I hope you have better luck than I did .
 We got this chair about year and a half ago to rock our child to sleep . Putting it together was pretty easy , and the chair itself was comfortable and slid nicely . The fabric on the arms never stayed in place , but it was n't that big of a deal for us . Then after about 4 months , the wood where the back part of the chair met the base split by the bolts that held it in place . So I got some mending plates and screws and fixed it so that it could be used again . Then the arm came loose -LRB- which was a result of the damage -RRB- . It still slid fine , but then we had an arm we could n't use , with a wood screw sticking out , which I had to cover . Lastly , after about 8 months of that , one of the bolts in the rocking hinge broke off and all the ball bearings came out . Now the chair is useless . I gave it two stars instead of one because overall , it was a decent chair when it could be used . I do n't think it was meant to be a long-term piece of furniture nor did I want it to be , but I expected a little more use . If we ever get another one , I 'm going to try something else .
 We received the glider in great condition and well packaged . However , my husband had to drill longer holes in the arms to get the long screws to go in . Once the chair was together , it 's nice looking but not as comfortable as what it looked in the picture . I wanted a chair to put in my own little corner for reading by the fireplace . I 'm not sure I 'll spend a whole lot of time in it as it 's not all that comfortable . The ottoman could be made a little higher . Just not what I expected , but got with a free gift card when I bought my new car , so not a total loss . Just shop around . I definitely would n't recommend a glider any cheaper than this one if that determines comfort .
 I read all of the reviews before I purchased this glider . I knew the fabric would roll on the arms ... it did . I knew the seat was wider than normal ... it was . But , the workmanship was cheezy . There appears to be very little finish work on the chair . The fabric is poor and I doubt would last too long ... I wanted a chair to use for a long time . The stool is also low and bothered my legs . I thought for $ 250 it should be a fairly well made chair ... wrong . If you 're looking into one of these think hard ... it will not last a long time . If you 're looking for something more sturdy and well made you might want to look further and spend a little more . It works for a spare chair for company .
 I got this glider based on all the good reviews . It lasted for less than 6 months , and then literally fell apart
 i bought this item so i could rock my baby to sleep in it . I kept it in my baby 's room . The wood started catching fungus on it . Tried cleaning it multiple times but it came back . I dont think its safe for my baby to sleep in a room full of fungus . I think the wood is cheap and thus its catching fungus . Wanted to call up Hanford company , but could not find their phone no . The chair is not at all comfortable and the hand pads keep rolling on one side . Very disappointed with this product.Hanford Deluxe Sleigh Style Glider Rocker and Ottoman Set - Cherry Finish with Beige Chenille Fiber
 It was very easy to put together but the arm cushions do n't fit . They slide around and are constantly uncomfprtable . The chair started squeeking a few weeks after we bought it too . The bottom and back cushions lost their shape quickly too . I am unhappy with this glidder .
 I recently purchased this glider to rock my son to sleep . It looks a lot different on here then it does when you put it together . 1 . -RRB- There were scratches all over the wood -- made me very mad . 2 . -RRB- not a good hardwood material like it claims . The wood on the ottoman came `` unglued '' which made me come unglued . 3 . -RRB- The large screws used to secure the arms on is very difficult to use . It took an hour to get the arms secured . You have to shove to arms up to get the screw through the hole . I 'm very dissapointed with this purchase .
 the red part is way too big for baby 's mouth . my baby does not like it at all . she occasionally tries to chew on the leaves part , but that is it . i do n't recommend this product .
 It 's too big and he ends up gagging on it . I 'm better off with him chewing on his Soothie pacifier . Maybe eventually he will like it but for now he just gets frustrated .
 I was very excited for this to show up in the mail ... when i tried to use it , it was way to large and my daughter wanted nothing to do with it .
 This is a good idea for a teether since it 's basically a bumpy pacifier that 's easy to chew . However my son hated it . The actual raspberry part is way too big for a baby 's mouth . We tried it a couple of times and he never took to it . Also , like many other reviewers , I was n't too comfortable with the fact that the berry part seems to be glued on , posing a choking hazard . Overall not worth buying for us .
 I bought this teether because I thought it was a great idea and my daughter had been chewing on her paci anyway . When I handed her the teether , she popped it in her mouth like she usually does with her binky . Then she got a really funny look on her face , took it out , looked at it and threw it on the floor . And that 's where it 's stayed since we purchased it . I 've tried multiple times to reintroduce her to it because I thought maybe it just threw her off at first but no . She 's not interested in it at all . She would much rather use the other teethers we have . Wish I would n't have wasted my money .
 This does n't work as a soother because it 's just too big . My daughter is teething late . At 17 months , she 's finally getting in four teeth at the same time . It has been miserable for her and I thought the rough texture of this soother would help but she ca n't comfortable keep it in her mouth . She 'll play chew for a bit so it 's not completely useless . I just do n't know how a younger child would be able to use this .
 Hey ? Is your kid not drooling enough ? Is he being teased and the park because he does n't have a big drool stain down his shirt ? Then this is for you ! This just seemed to get every ounce of drool out of his mouth and on to everything within a throwing distance . He 'd load up the drool launcher and fling it all over . All in all , pretty gross ! In reality , I would n't mind drool everywhere if it helped with the teeth . It did n't . He still seemed upset and ouchy , and now wet ! And it did n't seem very interesting either ... He 'd have it in his mouth a minute tops and then it 'd get thrown somewhere . Not worth the effort .
 I agree with the reviewer who said that it seemed to big for her baby 's mouth . That was my experience too , and I got it rather late for my daughter . My baby did take pacifiers , but did not like this one at all , she seemed to have trouble keeping it in her mouth comfortably . 99 % of the time , she would end up turning it over and chewing on the ring . Overall , it did not at all provide us the relief I was looking for when my daughter started teething .
 My three month old daughter is an early teether and I thought this product would be perfect for her as she is still too young to consciously use teething rings and other products of the like on her own . However , it is WAY too big to even get into her mouth and probably will be for some time ; it 's HUGE ! This product seems great in theory , but they need to make age specific sizes or accurately advertise that the RaZ-berry is not designed for young teethers . Waste of money for me .
 My 41/2 old began teething and this was the ONE TEETHER SHE ABSOLUTELY refused . I think it may be due to the size of the strawberry - it 's rather large for younger babies ' mouths ... just a heads up about this . My daughter , who loves her pacifier , did n't quite understand what to do with this thing . It 's shaped like a pacifier so she tried to suck on it , but it 's so oddly large that she has just spit it out each time I tried giving it to her . Other reviewers have posted about the same issue . I wish I had read the reviews here before my purchase ! I also just noticed that some of these reviews talk about the pacifier coming apart , which is a serious choking hazard . Mine is going in the garbage !
 I am sure this is a great product -LRB- as seen by all the other reviews -RRB- , but my 5-month nephew hates it . Perhaps it 'll be useful when he gets older -LRB- the berry is kinda large -RRB- , but he has started teething and I was disappointed to see that he does n't want the RaZberry .
 I researched all the teething rings for my 1 year old and bought this one based on the great reviews . I think it 's adorable . He does not care for it . He chews on it for about ten seconds and then he 's back to using his fingers . Perhaps I introduced it too late . He also never took a pacifier -LRB- despite my persistent efforts -RRB- . Better luck to other parents .
 the idea of this product is good and my son seems to like the raspberry part of it . however , he ended up putting the handle in his mouth which gagged him and caused him to throw up . the handle should be shortened so this does n't occur . i ca n't say that we 'll stop using it b/c he enjoyed chewing the raspberry , we 'll just have to watch him constantly with it .
 M child only chews on the ring and `` stem '' of this product . The `` nuk/pacifier '' part is too big to chew on and she does n't like to suck on it like a normal nuk .
 My 3 month old is chewing on everything and needed something to soothe his little gums , He is now 4 months old and the raspberry is HUGE ! It takes up his whole mouth which im affraid of , since it gags him . hahaha
 The plastic feels flimsy compared to other teether products . My daughter did not like this teether as much as others .
 I bought a red one for my 8-month-old daughter , who is just getting her first teeth , and a blue one for my 2-year-old , who is getting his 2-year-molars . Neither child has been that interested in their Razberry teether . My 2-year-old has actually chewed off several of the little bumps without too much effort . Not worth the money if you already have a teether or two in your house .
 Before purchashing this item we called the company and asked where it was made , as we did not what an item made in China in our child 's mouth.We were told it was absolutely NOT made in China.The item arrived ... it is made in China.So back it goes . Next time , it would be nice if they were honest .
 This product is sturdy and looks to be durable . It looks the way it did as pictured.The problem is , my three-month-old had teething symptoms -LRB- turned out her pediatrician said she is n't cutting teeth , but experiencing what he called `` pre-teething '' which looks the same and causes some discomfort -RRB- . Her mouth is too small for most products designed for teething and she does n't have the motor skills for many of them . This looked to be perfect , since she could use it like her paci.Even though this is labeled as OK for 3 months plus , it 's too big for my daughter -- she gagged on it repeatedly and spit it out . When I checked , she was n't just being fussy -- the raspberry part was big enough to reach the far back of her mouth and gag her.Looks like this would be a good product for an older child , but if you want something for a very young teether , keep searching !
 This teether is NOT SAFE and DOES pose a serious choking hazard . The `` mouth shield '' is very flexible and allows an infant or small child to turn the teether sideways and get the entire thing into their mouth , as it happened with my 5-1/2 month old son recently . Fortunately , I was in the room when my baby got the entire teether stuck sideways in his mouth and began to choke , all within two minutes of his first time using the teether . The mouth shield and ring both need to be made of hard , inflexible material , the same as a pacifier , to avoid this choking risk.I recently contacted Razbaby.com and was told the following : `` We are very sorry to hear of your incident . The RaZberry teether has beenin the market since 2004 and we have never had this issue.The RaZberry teether has been tested extensively for all the safetystandards for pacifiers . One of the many test that is performed is on theshield -LRB- mouth guard -RRB- to make sure it does not present a choking hazard . Ithas passed all the standards in the USA , Europe , Canada and Australia . `` Nevertheless , the instructions on the back of the package clearly state `` This product is not a pacifier or a toy . '' It also states `` Do not tie the teether around baby 's neck as it presents a strangulation danger . '' Really ? Before or after they 've choked on the teether itself?I have researched this issue online and found that other many parents have complained of the same choking problem . Absolutely nowhere on the package does it even state the possibility of any risk of choking . Maybe pacifier testing standards are less stringent than toy standards -LRB- as most pacifiers are `` built '' the same . -RRB- Seems like every toy on the market has a statement of `` may pose a choking risk '' somewhere on the packaging , even puzzles and stuffed animals.If you 're going to buy this item from Amazon or anywhere else , be careful and watch your baby at ALL TIMES , but I would n't take the chance . It only takes one time .
 My baby -LRB- who takes no bottles or pacifiers -- though we 've tried ! -RRB- loved this when he was finally able to get it into his mouth . It * is * on the large side and he was only able to ` nibble ' at the raspberry part at the very beginning . We put it away for a bit and took it out a few weeks later for him to ` grow into . ' We had it for about a month -LRB- and he loved chomping on it -RRB- before the handle/ring broke in the middle . This was not on a seam , so it should n't have been weakened in any way . I did n't have the receipt , so sadly could not return it.In addition , it does n't stay cold -LRB- which I assumed it would n't when I first felt the material it was made of -RRB- . Great idea , but poor actualization of design . I 'm hoping for future models that address all our concerns and while still keeping it BPA-free .
 The RaZberry Teether is well-made and seems like it would be very satisfying to a teething baby , but unfortunately my daughter spits it out with a look of horror whenever I offer it to her . I 've tried for several months now . No luck , and she 's not picky about pacifiers or teething toys . She 'll suck or chew on everything EXCEPT this . I would n't recommend purchasing more than one before you know your child likes it .
 I was very excited when I found these . I have 5 kids and with my youngest it looked like a great new possible solution to help during teething . My daughter seriously hated these . I 'm not sure if it was the texture , the material used , etc. . She just never liked them and I stopped trying to offer them when she started crying just from looking at them O_o At least we tried .
 I bought this item for my 3 month old because she started teething . Despite the fact that the product recommends 3 + months , it was far too large for her mouth . She seems like she would probably be interested if it were smaller . I bought it because her teething rings that she got at the baby shower were all far too large for her to do anything with and this looked a lot more manageable . Not to mention , she loves her pacifiers , so this seemed perfect . I 'm very disappointed . I 'll probably continue trying it occasionally it hopes that she will grow into it . If she does change her mind I will amend my review .
 I bought this for my 1 year old , I thought it would help with her teething . Unfortunately she does n't like it , she really wo n't even put it in her mouth . The nipple part also seems very large ... It might be great for other babies , but not for mine : - -RRB-
 It 's really cute to look at , but we were hoping that is choop would be useful.The raspberry part of the teether is way too big for our three-month-old 's mouth . She gags and chokes with the red part of the teeether in her mouth.She 's teething already and we 've been looking around for something for her to gnaw on besides me -LRB- ouch -RRB- . This teether is not useful to us . Save your money and try something else , unless you just want a `` cute '' baby item to decorate your house .
 If your baby already uses a regular pacifier he/she might reject this because it is VERY bumpy/textured . A cute idea but not very useful .
 My girl loved a pacifer so we thought this would be great for when she was teething , well , needless to say she is teething and the Razbaby is far , far to big for her mouth . Not sure how this has gotten any good reviews , it seems tremendously large for a 6 month old .
 I loved the idea of this teether . Unfortunately , I am not sure if I should us it . I just got my order from UPS . I sterilized the Raz according to the instructions on the package . I put it in boiling water for 5 minutes . Cooled and inspected . The glue or adhesive that holds the ring part to the raz part melted away and the ring part is breaking off . Very upset . I would have sanitized in the dishwasher , but I was in a hurry to give to my baby . A flimsy product .
 My son -LRB- 5 months old -RRB- did n't like this at all . He put it in his mouth like you would a regular pacifier and he gagged . Way too big .
 I bought it and she spits it out over and over . She 's teething very bad and refuses this thing because it 's huge ! it 's too round . It 's too big for her mouth and she has to form an O shape just to fit it in ... which is uncomfortable ! This thing should be more flat .
 I thought it would be a nice texture for my daughter to chomp on during her teething but she really could care less for it . I think the problem is that the raspberry part is too big/fat and it does n't fit comfortably in her mouth . She actually chews more on the ring/handle and leaves than she does the actual raspberry ! I would not recommend this product to any of my friends !
 I thought maybe this would help my son with teething , but it is too big for his mouth . He is n't able to keep it in his mouth at all .
 My 4 month old loves the texture of this teether , but it 's too big for her mouth . She wo n't suck on pacifiers . Instead she wants to chew them , so I thought this would be great . It 's just too big and she gags.I like the concept though . Maybe when she 's a little older .
 I was really excited about this teether . In my mind it made total sense as a solution to teething babies . Unfortunately to my 4 month old this is not as intuitive . She keeps wanting to suck the teether like a pacifier rather than chew on it for her gums . This usually results in her spitting it out in less than a minute . In addition when she does move it to her gums to chew on , its rather large and heavy so it ends up falling out the side of her mouth unless someone is holding onto it for her . Would not recommend for early teethers or young infants -LRB- 6 months or under -RRB- . We 'll try again in a few months and see if she likes it any better .
 I love the idea of this teether . My 51/2 month old son however did n't like the size of it . It is way to big for his mouth . He would chew for a moment then start gagging . He has a soothie pacifier , the raz-berry is about 21/2 to 3 time the width of his pacifier .
 Well , it 's a good concept , however my baby never took a bottle or a pacifier and did not like the feel of this teether in her mouth . Maybe it 's for babies used to that feeling in their mouths -LRB- bottle nipple and pacifier -RRB- . If your a nursing 100 % mom , I dont know if this is the right teether for you . Also , on a good note , you may want to try teething tablets all natural by Hyland 's , if your little one is teething badly . They worked wonders for me ! You can buy them anywhere . Target , for some reason , keeps them behind the pharmacy counter . Again , they are all natural , no chemicals at all .
 Not sure if it is just my baby girl but she wants nothing to do with this teether . It is actually a cool little teether and seems like it would have been a hit with all teething babes but she actually prefers to chew and gnaw on her toys rather than take a binkie or pacifier/teether . I think that if your little one is the same -LRB- does not like pacifiers or binkie 's -RRB- then you might run into the same issue . However , the teether is only a couple of bucks so it may be worth trying .
 I really wish this would have worked !!! I love the whole concept of the nifty teether ... but it just does n't do the job !! I bought this when she was 4 months and did n't show as much interest anticipated , now @ 7 months is a lost thought ;[ I put the item on her Baby Einstein bouncer as a hanging item , she chewed on it and showed some interest but not as much as other items , that I actually would n't assume was better . Very dissapointed in the quality ... like others said , looked like it was just glued on ;[ Which it was ! Good ole ' teethers you put in the freezer from target work better ladies ! Do n't waste your money ;[ sucks ... it was a cute idea though !
 My baby is not a pacificer baby . She likes chrew toys tough . With that in mind , she is not interested in this razberry . She thought is was very pretty and played with it , but did not use it to chew or suck on .
 my 5 month old wont use the teether . she prefers her fingers still . maybe it 's her age . not sure . it 's also way too big for her little mouth . she just doesnt like it .
 my baby was only interested in the product for 1 days . I think the price was a little too high for this product .
 Was just larger than he wanted in his mouth . He liked the color , but never wanted to chew it really . We tried quite alot to get him too , but in the end waste of money . -LRB- but for us so were all the teething items , he never used a one , just wanted to chew on straps -RRB-
 Our baby was quite indifferent to this teether . He would cry every time i would offer it to him . I assume he was confusing it with a pacifier . So the teether didnt work for us .
 My little one did not like this at all , but she does not take a pacifier either , I would not waste the money on this .
 this binky shaped teether did not go over well at all . she just kept trying to suck on it and would get frustrated when she couldnt . it also is not very durable . i wouldnt buy this again .
 I heard my baby gagging and rushed over to find one of the legs stuck in her throat !! Her face was turning blue when I pulled it out of her mouth . Please do not risk your baby 's life by purchasing this product !
 After I received this , I looked closely at the way it 's constructed and noticed that at least one piece is glued on . -LRB- I was also surprised to find the note on the packaging that it 's not a pacifier . -RRB- So I read more product reviews and found some disturbing testimonials that confirmed my fear about the poor construction -- not a chance I 'm willing to take with my baby . I returned it without opening it .
 my daughter does not care for it . she wo n't even tough it . it is a waste of money and better off getting other teething toys and things that she likes better .
 I think the idea is great but my son just did n't like it . He LOVES his regular pacifiers so maybe thats why he was n't that thrilled with one that was meant to be chewed on . He made a face every time he tried to use it . Oh well !
 PURCHASED THIS FOR A 5 MONTH OLD WHO WAS DRULLING A LOT.HE LIKED PUTTING IT IN HIS MOUTH BUT WOULD N'T CHEW ON IT .
 I payed for this product and it was not included in the package sent to me ! I would like it sent or my money back !
 With the craze of unnecessary items for children that are over hyped , I decided to purchase one of these for my son when he was younger . Big mistake . He never once enjoyed this device and henceforth , threw it under the couch , and then in the garage . He treated is as if it was extremely uncomfortable for him and he never bit on it at all . The `` berry '' portion of this device is too large for the average infant 's mouth.So one begs the question . . What is the benefit in this thing ?
 My 7 month old baby did n't like any pacifier at all.I thouht this could be my last hope for my little boy.I read other reviews and purchased 2 of these.BUT ... my son did n't like it either.Don ' t think every baby will love this !!
 Child was able to bite this teether in half . Luckily the piece was removed before choking . I uploaded the picture .
 This says 3 + months , but I do n't know how any 3 month old fits this in his/her mouth . It 's HUGE ! My little guy wo n't be able to get this thing in his mouth for months . I do like the design of it , and he does like gumming on the parts he can get in his mouth , but I have to hold it for him to do that . I was hoping for something he could use largely on his own since his little hands are n't coordinated enough to hold onto other teethers . Sigh . I 'm going to keep it for future use , but it 's a big disappointment that he ca n't use it now .
 my grandson is not into this at all ... but it 's cute and he may enjoy it later on but for this first stage of teething it 's just not for him .
 I absolutely love the idea of this teether which is why I bought it . Unfortunately , the raspberry part -LRB- which seemed like it was just glued -RRB- came apart from the rest of the binky which posed a huge chocking hazard . This scared me since I usually leave teethers in my child 's crib where I am not constantly supervising . I would not recommend this product . I feel a lot more confident in the teether binky from `` Soothie '' that is all one piece . It 's unfortunate because it looks like it would be a fantastic product if only it was constructed safer ...
 My son absolutely loved this but my mom and I had the scariest experience ever . Do not let your child use this unless you are watching them constantly . We both took our eyes away from him for just a second and he turned the binky around and started sucking on the handle . The handle is soft and with my son sucking it , it lodged in his throat . The thing was almost completely in his mouth ! It took two of us to get that thing out . I contacted them and they said they would send an envelope so that we could send it back to get tested however they never sent it . To make matters worse , somehow he found another one -LRB- we bought a few of them -RRB- and it almost happened a second time . If you care for your child safety , DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!
 OK . . SO i SHOULD HAVE LISTENED TO THE REVIEWS ABOUT THE CHOKING WARNING !!!! MY 51/2 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER JUST LITERALLY 30 MINS AGO GOT THE RING PART LOGGED IN HER THROAT AND I IMMEDIATELY RIPPED IT OUT AND SHE THREW UP EVERYWHERE !! THANK GOD I WAS SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO HER HANGING UP HER CLOTHES !! I AM MAKING IT MY MISSION TO MAKE SURE THESE ARE RECALLED ! THIS COULD TURN TRAGIC , I GUARENTEE IT!I DIDNT LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS FROM MOTHERS , I THOUGHT `` OH WELL THEY LEFT THEIR CHILD UNSUPERVISED '' ... NO ! THIS CAN CHOKE YOUR CHILD IN A SPLIT SECOND ! AND BEFORE PEOPLE LECTURE ABOUT `` A PARANOID MOTHER '' . . THINK FOR A MOMENT . . SOMETHING THAT EVEN RUNS THE RISK OF DOING THIS TO YOUR CHILD SO SUDDENLY SHOULD NOT BE ON STORE SHELVES !! COMING FROM A STAY AT HOME MOM WHO IS VERY VERY CAREFUL AND DOESNT EVER LEAVE HER CHILD WITHOUT DUPERVISION OR A MONITOR ON WHILE SHE SLEEPS , THIS IS JUST DANGEROUS !! I PRAY THAT THIS DOESNT HAPPEN TO A BABY , AND IT TURNS TRAGIC !!! I JUST THINK MOTHERS HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW WHAT THEY ARE BUYING !
 Be warned if you are buying this for an early teething baby . I bought this in advance for my little one , thinking that it would be a couple months until he needed it . Whoops , he started teething just this past week at 31/2 months . I got this out and he does n't know what to make of it . It 's too large for his mouth . He is used to a pacifier and tries to suck on the RaZberry . Then he spits it out or it falls out . Although he is able to grasp & hold a rattle and throw it around , he does n't have the manual dexterity necessary to help hold the RaZberry teether in his mouth for it to work . We try to hold it up for him , but his little tongue pushes it out . Right now what is working are plain old teething rings directly from the freezer . We help him hold on to those and he 'll chomp on them for some time .
 I was excited to buy this after reading all the positive reviews , but my baby does not enjoy this teether and I 'm not even sure it 's safe . The `` berry '' part seems to be glued onto the ring part , and even after boiling it it has a peculiar smell . My daughter took one nibble and screwed up her face as if it tasted bad . I threw it away .
 The teether -LRB- made in china -RRB- came out of the pack with a bad smell . The material used for construction seems to be unhygenic . Raspberry part is glued to the teether base . My doubts are that it can come off easily . The raspberry part was itself marked with black dots which i first thought are part of the design but when i rubbed them with my thumb ... they vanished.Design is very good and practical but construction -LRB- raspberry glued , black dots -RRB- and material used is worse .
 My daughter really likes the cold of the frozen teether rings , but just ca n't seem to hold on to it long enough because it 's too cold for her hands . I thought this would be great . After staying in the freezer overnight , this teether stays cold for about 15 seconds . Plus , the green `` leaf '' part -LRB- which covers half of her face -RRB- seems to be the only part that stays somewhat cold . It 's not her cheeks that need soothing !
 it 's too big , my little one is 7 months and just picks it up and puts it in his mouth for just a sec and that is it , it 's just too bulky . waste of our money ...
 I was going to buy this item , but after seeing that it was `` Made in China '' I decided not to . The fact is that with the China having added LEAD and many other toxins to kids toys , I do n't trust them to have a safe product and having my baby suck/chew on it for long times is scary . How I wish that it were made in Germany or any other place other than China ... I would pay more for it in a heart beat ! Here is an idea , how about having it `` MADE IN THE USA ! '' ? Sad choice for these ladies to do that .
 Like everyone else I am constantly trying to soothe my sons teething pain and find him whatever toys will help . This one was too big for his mouth and almost seemed to gag him once he got it in . I 'm glad it was n't very expensive .
 My 9 month old did n't like it at all . The `` berry '' part is too big for her mouth . She just does n't know what to do with it . But then she ever liked any pacifiers or any other teething toys . A wet washcloth or the soft spout of a sippy cup are the only safe solutions for us .
 We decided to spend a litte extra money for a nicer wooden gate for the top of our stairs . What a mistake ! For starters we purchased a hardware kit with board to be able to install anchors into it rather then the square hardwood post . It came with plastic straps that provided insufficient holding strength . So we ended up throwing away the $ 20.00 hardware kit and drilling straight into the post anyways . On the other side I was fortunate enough to have a stud so the gate is anchored sturdy . However , we used the templets provided and the gate never really aligned up properly . So if you are walking up with a baby in hand or have one hand full with something , you can not easily open the gate with the other hand . It takes two hands and a bit of effort to open the gate . I agree with the other comments that the instructions were insufficient and not always helpful . I was also not a big fan of all the little plastic components and assembly required to put this gate together . For the money , the plastic pieces seem to be out of place with the wood . I would not recommend this product to others as it is unnecesarily cumbersome to install , expensive , and it seems easy for it to be misaligned and does not securely latch without a struggle . Good luck weakend warriors with this one !!!
 Some assembly is required . I consider myself to be fairly skilled at assmebling things ... I have an engineering degree ... I 've put together bikes , furniture , installed car stereos , and this thing was an absolute pain , especially for such a simple device . I found the instructions to be woefully inadequate.I found the images to be useless , and the instructions leave out fairly critical steps - like how to orient various pieces together . Takes 10 times longer to install then it would if they had taken the effort to provide more guidance.It was aggravating enough to make me go straight to Amazon upon finishing to leave feedback ... I did n't even buy it from Amazon.The gate itself is fine .
 The instructions - or complete lack thereof - make this gate a complete waste of time and money . I am reasonably good at putting stuff together -LRB- even Ikea products -RRB- but this piece of garbage not only has no useful instructions but no useful photos . The related Kidco round post adapter is equally bad . I will NEVER buy a product from this company again .
 This product contains the worst assembly manual I have ever encountered in my life.Zero Stars .
 I am on the first step of the instruction manual . Stuck . The line drawing -LRB- no text -RRB- is so horrendous that I have no idea what I am supposed to do and which part I am supposed to do it with . I 've put a hard drive into a computer with less difficulty.It astounds me that the baby industry assumes that 1 -RRB- parents have infinite free time and love to assemble poorly built stuff , and 2 -RRB- can comprehend poorly rendered and incomplete instructions . I 'd be totally happy to pay twice the price for items that are either pre-assembled or truly required only a small amount of work . There is not a single part of this piece of junk that has been pre-attached . I 'll probably return this item , and I certainly will never buy a Kidco item again .
 This gate was impossible to assemble . The instructions are not clear at all and have no words ; only diagrams that do n't really make a lot of sense . It took two of us almost three hours to assemble and mount it , only to realize that it was n't going to do the job . I actually returned it because I felt that It was n't safe enough to use .
 This gate was very difficult to install , and even after it was assembled , it was not sturdy . We had to add some extra screws to attach the two pieces of the gate together and make sure they did not come apart when our one-year-old pushed on them - they are not actually supposed to be physically attached at all , but insecurely secured together with some plastic pieces around the ends -LRB- it 's hard to explain -RRB- . The non-wooden attachment parts are fairly flimsy plastic . We have a lot of experience with baby gates -LRB- and have been happy with other Kidco gates -RRB- , but this is by far the worst we have ever seen .
 We bought our daughter the entire Snug As A Bug bedding set . If you are interested in the rest of the set I would say go for it but skip the nightlight . The rest of the set is wonderful . Very cute and durable . My daughter is 21/2 and it 's held up great.This was the only item we were disappointed in . We had to return it . It 's really cute until you switch on the light . Then you can see the paint splotches where some areas are thicker than others and you ca n't even make out what it is . It just looks like a blob of colors . I was very sad to have to return it and get something else .
 I should have went with my instinct after reading all the other reviews on this item but I decided to purchase it anyways because in the picture the item looks cute . When it arrived in the box it looked really nice and I did n't really understand why others said it looked cheap . When I went to plug in the night light I found that the elephants head is not alligned with the plug , so the head sits at an awkward angle and does n't look appealing . I tried to get the head to face me , straight on , when plugged in but design of the plug made it so I could n't . A lot of others said it looks nice when it is not turned on , this is very true . I thought maybe I could manage with a weird angled nightlight so I decided to turn off the lights and turn the night light on , IT LOOKS TERRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also , you have to manually turn on the night light when you turn off the bedroom lights and then manually turn off the night light when you do n't wish to use it anymore , it does not have an automatic sensor . Which to me defeats the purpose of having a night light in a childs room . I am returning the item .
 The lamp is beautiful but it doesnt light ! It is probably because of the material that does not allow the light pass through
 I thought this nightlight would be a good purchase for my son 's room . It hardly sheds any light . It was a waste of money .
 I was looking for a dim night light , but barely any light could shine through . Very cute , but way too dark .
 There is no light about it . There are some little dots in the back and it does n't light up more than an inch of space . I was very unhappy as my daughter could n't wait to get a Mickey night light for her new room . I wish I would have saved the packaging to return it .
 Got this night light for our bathroom because we like a light on all night . I thought this would work like a NIGHT LIGHT , you know glow and put off a soft light , nope it does not do this . The mickey head is so dark it 's not even made to glow or put off light . There are some cut outs on the BACK of the mickey head that shines the light on to the wall behind the light.Very disappointed with this product , and do n't suggest it if you 're looking for a true night light with a cool look .
 I was really excited to get this item in my baby 's nursery . I thought it was the cutest little nightlight ever ! However , when I went to plug it in , I was severely disappointed ! There are dark spots on the inside on the bear that show through when you plug it in . Therefore , I will not be using this as a nightlight cause it looks very crappy ! I still think the bear is cute sitting on his shelf , but he 's not as cute as the price I paid for him . : -LRB-
 This nightlight is adorable , when the light is off ! I was disappointed when I plugged it in that 1 -RRB- it is a switch light -LRB- does not come on when it senses it is dark -RRB- 2 -RRB- when the light is on you can see that the paint is not even and 3 -RRB- It is not very bright .
 Cute until you turn it on . The light makes the paint look even barely is bright enough to shine through . Mine broke within a few months .
 I ordered 2 because I have twins . The books are very nice looking and there are plenty of pages . I had one big problem the entire contents of both books pulled out of the spine before I got passed writing on the first three pages . Very disappointed in the construction .
 Looked used . It felt really flimsy . The pages were falling out of it . I returned it right away . Maybe I got a bad one ? I did n't even want an exchange .
 The book was pretty and the page inserts looked like a helpful guideline for what to include . However , the cover is made of thin fabric and paper and it really does n't look like it will hold up over time . The book I received had two smudges on it already , so I returned it and will look for something similar , but more durable .
 Item came damaged . . The inside of the album spine was broken away from the album itself . . Not a happy camper here . The item was a gift , now I have to purchase elseware due to time . : o -LRB-
 I 've seen boring baby books but this tops all . The book arrived with one of the screws that binds it together already falling out . There are absolutely NO pictures , only pages to fill out . I guess it would work if you are looking for SIMPLE .
 I read many reviews on the product and assumed the comments on quality were overblown or stated by an unlucky few . Turns out the quality of this baby book is far worse than I could have imagined . When I received this and opened it up , I found the inner binding -LRB- where pages attach to cover -RRB- was tearing . I want a memory book that lasts . Unfortunately , this is incredibly fragile . Content-wise , I have n't seen many other baby books , so I ca n't compare , but my sense is that this book is pretty basic . It just lists a bunch of `` firsts '' and gives you space to put in a picture and fill in when the event happened . It gets the job done but is nothing special . Disappointing . I 'm not looking forward to sifting through Amazon and other websites for reviews to find a better product ...
 I bought this in blue and pink for my boy/girl twins and I 'm very disappointed . The hand print/footprint kits are okay , though I wish it came with more cards for mistakes since it took us many tries to get a good print for either baby . I like that there 's a place for a picture and hand print/footprint on the cover . I do n't like how the pages do n't lay down nicely and you have to bed the page to get it to lay flat . This is especially a problem since the places for pictures are on the back sides of the pages and if you 're using photo corners to add a picture , you really need the page to lay flat . I also wish there were more prompts for things like baby 's first ______ . I 'm going to get rid of these and use Hallmark 's baby book instead . It has more prompts , it 's has three ring binding so the pages lay flat , and there are places for pictures on both sides of the pages . This book , unfortunately , made for an expensive hand print/footprint kit since it 's going in the trash !
 I did n't care for this book . It just seemed like a lot of extra work with the photo corners that you need to put on each picture . I have 3 kids and work full-time and I just do n't have that kind of time . I wanted to return it - the company gave me the run around for a week and then told me it was too late to return it -LRB- had been 29 days and they allow only 30 - including shipping time -RRB- . Finally , was able to return it and theY took a percentage off for restocking ! Would NOT buy from this seller again !
 First let me say that I received my order earlier than projected . I 've ordered from Amazon MANY times in the past with no problems and have always been pleased with the service and product , so when I found this baby book I knew I had to have it . I received my order today , excitedly opened the box only to find that the book was in two pieces . The entire contents of the book were ripped from the binding . This is not something that happened in transit it must have come from the factory that way because the packaging was not damaged and I had to remove the plastic wrapping to find that the book was torn . Also , the photo album I ordered was in perfect condition and in the same box . I am so upset about this because I was really looking forward to starting my baby book . I 'm due in April and for serveral months have been looking everywhere for a baby book . This book seemed to have everything I wanted , but it seems it lacks durability and quality of craftsmanship ... you know , the important things . I will be sending it back .
 I was so excited that the book came within 3 days or so but once I got it open & went to do my sons foot prints the ink pad was stuck to the plastic
 My advice for anyone who plans to buy Avent Uno breastpump - DO N'T ! Its utter waste of money and time . My pump did n't work within 2 months of using -LRB- I pump regulary 2-3 times regularly at work -RRB- . Sent it for repair , until then I was asked to use manual pump -LRB- which makes squeky noise -RRB- , which takes twice the time to produce the same amount of milk as electric . Do n't know when I 'll get the repair/replacement work done . Customer service response is very slow , I had to make many phone calls to expedite the service . I did n't consider other brands before buying , since Avent is ` pricey ' , I assumed it to be the best . I have heard the operating noise of Medella double electric -LRB- pump in style i guess -RRB- while my colleagues use it at work , its quieter than Avent electric , and within ten minutes they could express more milk than I can.Despite the pumps , the Avent feeding bottles are good , Please do research before buying breastpumps , do n't fall in for ` high price , high quality ' trap ! Thanks .
 I bought this pump because I have the Avent Isis Manual pump and love it , but going back to work part time I needed an electric of some type . Well , I have had the Isis IQ Uno Complete for two months and I no longer even bother using it . I get faster results and more milk as a whole with the manual . This pump lacks suction , due to what I would consider a design flaw . The mechanical part is incapable of imitating your own pumping because the range of movement it uses is too small . Either that or mine is defective . Either way , I am left with an unusable , unreturnable breast pump which neither Avent nor Babies R Us will do anything about , so I guess I just have to buy another pump . Please , do yourself a favor and do n't bother with this pump .
 I bought this pump because it was recommended . I am unhappy with the suction but am really disappointed with the little white disc/valve that 's inside . After a while , while you are pumping , it keeps popping out , you have to disassemble the entire pump , put the little disc back into its place and continue pumping . I have tried to buy replacements of the little white discs , but none of the stores selling the pump sell them . I was unable to find them online . I finally called Avent and spoke to a rep who told me that they replaced the discs with another part , which she 'd ship out to me . I called Avent 2 days later to follow up on the order and was told that it was sent out by USPS and should get to me in 5-8 days . In the meantime , it is almost impossible for me to pump milk for my son without constantly taking the pump apart and reassembling it . Yesterday , I called again to tell Avent that I was very unhappy with the pump and the handling of the shipment . The rep I spoke to was actually helpful - she told me to boil the white valve in water and white vinegar , said that it might help the silicon to expand . It worked on one of the valves so far and I hope I 'll get the replacement parts soon to see if they are any better . I think what upsets me most is that Avent keeps selling the pumps with the valves even though they are aware of the fact that they wear out and need to be replaced .
 I use AVENT bottles , pacifiers and sterilizers . They are good products . But this pump does not live up to the AVENT name . First , the pumping mechanism broke after 15 days . We called AVENT and they asked me to send the pump in to have it fixed . But how was I supposed to express breast milk for a week ??? Also , I do not produce tons of milk , and this pump took about 25 minutes to express each breast which makes it very inconvenient with a baby . In the end , through feedback from many friends , I chose to purchase a Medela , and I just want to share that it is amazing . I am done in 15 minutes tops . Yes , it is more expensive , but very much worth the price . I wish someone had shared this information before I bought the AVENT pump .
 I wonder if the people who packed this gift even looked at the box prior to shipping . It had black scuff marks and obvious black fingerprints all over it , plus weird orange spots all over the front.This was a gift and I not only had to go through the trouble to return it but also had to go out and try to find a replacement at the last second . I 'll never buy another product from this manufacturer again .
 This pump does not work . It 's suction is very low . It is hard to clean and takes an hour to get about 2 oz . of milk . I 'm the father of the baby and I 'm writing this because my wife is very upset with the pump . She hates it and now I will have to buy a new one . Thank you Avent for creating fake reviews to sell your pump . Very clever .
 I liked Avent Bottles , my daughter Liked them too ! Then I found out about Bisphenol - A being used to make the Bottles . After re-searching Bisphenol - A , I discovered that exposing my baby to harmful chemicals with the potential for long term affects later in life , was definitely not for me !! There are other options out there , all glass bottles are safe , as well as Born Free , Mam by Sassy , Green to Grow and Adrini . Do your own research . I 'm really surprised the non Bisphenol - A Free bottles have n't been recalled yet ! I 'm sure it 's just a matter of time , before enough people are educated .
 After reading these reviews online , I decided to buy this pump since it seemed like everyone who tried it really liked it . For $ 150 , it is a total ripoff , and did n't work for me at all . It would take me 45 minutes to get more than two ounces , very much hurt my nipples , and was overall a giant disappointment.My suggestion to anyone looking to buy a pump is
 It is very unfortunate that I have to submit a negative review for the Avent Isis Uno pump . When it works , it works wonderfully . It is much gentler and more effective than my old Medela Pump In Style pump . However , when you have problems , beware . My first Uno pump did not mimic my pumping speed well at all . It went roughly one half the speed of my hand pumping . I returned the pump and was sent a replacement . The next one worked better but still did not exactly match the speed well . I took the pump to Europe and was really depending on it to maintain my milk supply while I was away from my baby . Unfortunately it completely stopped working the first day I was away . I had to buy an entirely new pump in Europe . When I returned and called Avent , the customer service representative said the product does not work in Europe . She informed me that if it was damaged by the electricity in Spain , then it will not be covered . She said it is only designed to work in the U.S. and Canada . That is quite unbelievable , particularly since the Avent power cord that came with it says `` switching power adapter '' and says `` 100-240V and 50-60Hz '' . The electricty in Spain where I was using it is 220V and 50Hz , well within the listed ranges . After my experiences with the pump and with Avent customer service , I just needed to vent - or should I say Avent !!
 while it 's nice and portable it pales in comparison to the medela double pump , it takes twice as long to get the same amount of milk and who wants to spend any more time pumping than absolutely necessary ?
 this is a sucky pump ... a waste of money . the electronic part of this pump sucks , i could barely pump enough . but they give you a conversion kit that lets you turn it into a manual pump that works well . the manual pump is just tiring to use . spend your money elsewhere !!! this pump is a waste of time !!!!
 This pump was a very painful experience for me and the silicone inserts which are supposed to add comfort stuck to my very sensitive breasts and peeled at the skin when I would remove the pump from my breast . I took the pump with me on my visit to the lactation consultant who said I was doing everything properly but that the pump was just not working with my breasts . It is also very difficult to dissasemble and clean . I would defenitely not recommend this product .
 I already have an Avent Isis manual pump , which I LOVE . I used it to pump everyday when I returned to work , and I pumped for more than 6 months . I got more milk using it than the Medela Pump In Style and even the Medela Symphony.I bought the Isis iQ Uno , thinking that it would be just like the manual but my hand did not have to work so hard . Unfortunately , t does n't pump nearly as effectively as the hand pump version . The suction is not as strong , and the memory feature does not pump exactly as you set it . The battery pack burned out after just 10 minutes with fresh batteries . If you accidentally break the suction , the memory feature reverts back to the default setting.The only reason I think you should buy this product is because it can convert completely into the hand pump version . The Uno comes with a `` duck bill '' valve instead of the `` star '' valve in the manual pump . The duck bill valve is better because it does n't dislodge when the suction is strong . So I think this product is worth it just for the better valve and option of electric or manual . Now I just use this as a manual pump along with my original one .
 I registered for this pump based on reviews , and it was not a good product . First it took about an hour to pump 3oz , second , the battery travel pack seems to overheat and shuts down after 10 minutes , finally the pumping mechanism broke after exactly 19 days of pumping . I was pretty dissapointed since I have been pleased with all of the other Avent products I have purchased . I ended up purchasing a more expensive pump . I recommend any new mom not to waste their money on this product . Just rent a pump at the hospital or go ahead and purchase a higher quality pump from the get go .
 I bought my pump on June 20 & was delivered on July 3 , it took some time since it 's was shipped to Philippines . I was so happy that it was delivered before the committed date.I gave birth on July 8 & was able to use it the following week . From the very beginning , I was having a hard time turning it on and you have to find the right connection spot of the power supply -LRB- both wall plug & battery pack -RRB- & the control handle which made it more difficult & made me spend more time since I have to turn it on again & again . It 's less than a month since delivery but I ca n't believe I was having problems already . Now , I ca n't totally use it anymore . I 've been an Avent believer & user from my 1st born child , but this was the 1st time I have encountered difficulties with an Avent product . When I reported my concern to Avent Philippines , all i got was an apology for the inconvience & was asked to bring my pump to their service center for repair however they do n't honor international warranty . To my dismay , i just bought another pump Medela 's Freestyle and I 'm so happy with it .
 I purchased these once my toddler was almost fully potty trained . These were protection for at night in case he had an accident . My toddler has always worn Pampers , but tried these since they advertised nighttime use . I only used these at night and with each night , my toddler woke completely dry as he had been doing the past couple of months in a regular size 6 diaper . But after the first few nights , I noticed bluish marks on the most upper/inner part of his thigh , right where the elastic goes around his most upper thigh area . I had thought he straddled something from the preschool playground . But , this was n't the case because after bath that night it was much lighter . The next morning , same thing , just as blue ! I started looking this up online and apparently I was n't the only one who experienced this . My concern was the dye and what it was doing to my toddler 's skin/system . I plan to contact Huggies about this , as I 'm sure they are already aware of this . I do n't know why they put such a dark blue on the side stripe and lines here and there throughout the diaper . I 've since switched to pampers pull ups , much lighter blue on side of diaper , almost a baby blue . I have n't seen blue marks on my toddler . Please use the pampers first or try and all natural , which is my next step if the pampers do the same thing . From researching online , I found out the following : `` Most children are able to use the product without incident , howeversome do react to the dye they use.It appears that in some cases , the children respond with rash ordermatitis , and in others , a small blue stain . `` Please keep in mind my toddler did not have a `` small blue stain '' it ran the complete inner part of his leg .
 Great diaper for nighttime - especially heavy wetters . However , our son has sensitive skin and it leaves bluish bruise-like streaks in the morning . It 's simply a bad dye they must be using . So , if your child has sensitive skin - beware !
 They 're OK , but definately not as absorbent as the overnight diapers . My son soaks through if he urinates during the night .
 The diapers leak if the child sits on the wet diaper . Impossible to go through the night without having to get up at least once to change the diaper . Otherwise the child will be soaking wet in the morning .
 I placed an order for 2 boxes on Feb 28th . On Mar. 21s I got an E-mail saying that there was a problem with the order not shipping . The web site tells me that they will ship between April 15th and April 24th . By the time I get these diapers , my son will probably be potty trained ! Next time I 'll just go to Sam 's club .
 I HAVE PURCHASE 10-20 BOXES OF THE HUGGIES DIAPERS AND ALMOST EVERYTIME , THE QUALITY IS SO BAD . THE TWO SIDE FLAPS DO NOT STICK TO THE DIAPER WHEN I CLOSE THEM UP . I NEED TO RETURN TWO BOXES , AND THEY ARE NOT EVEN OPEN YET . I HAD TO GO SAM 'S CLUB TO BUY MORE DAIPERS BECAUSE THE ONES I ORDER ON AMAZON ARE DAMAGED . DO N'T BUY THESE DAIPERS ON LINE .
 I wanted to save $ 4 and ended up with leaky diapers 2 days in a row . Also , the tabs ripped on 2 diapers when I was putting them on my daughter . I used to think Pampers and Huggies were comparable but forget it . Pampers are just so much better . Maybe it 's my chid 's shape etc. , I do n't know , but I even tried the overnights and she leaked . I 'm just not happy with the Huggies experience .
 Huggies brand diapers always seem to have more leakage than any other brand . I 've also noticed that they seem to fall apart easier , and leave bits of material on the baby 's skin . I 've used many brands , and found that this is not one of the best for my daughter .
 If you are a new parent with your first child these are fine as you will probably change the babies diaper every 1 to 2 hours anyway . If you are like me with my third child you will just keep looking at them every once in a while for a saggy diaper or squeeze it for that mush feeling before you change them , then do yourself a favor , avoid these and buy LUVS . Huggies leak before they even get a chance to sag . LUVS are much cheaper and are twice the product that Huggies are .
 These diapers are horrible . All they do is leak , they do n't fit well at all , and are the worst diapers I have ever purchased . I thought that I would try them because they were on sale and since they were Huggies I figured they could n't be so bad but I WAS WRONG THESE DIAPERS SUCK ! Dish out the extra bucks and get pampers which are great ! they fit comfortably , they do n't fall off like huggies -LRB- which fall off no matter how tighly you put them -RRB- and they do n't leak , my son loves them and he is a wiggler -LRB- 8 months and crawling strong ! -RRB- and they are really soft . huggies has def . made a permanent pampers customer out of me ! it 's pampers for me wipes and diapers all the way ! they have the best products out there hands down ... hopes this helps you mommies out there and good luck with your little ones : - -RRB-
 Sent these diapers to my grandson size 4 , he had an allergic reaction to them not sure what is in the diaper to cause this . Before I could ask my daughter in law to send them back she had already donated them to a local charity .
 I used papmers before using this product . Huggies diapers leaked and smelled badly whenever changing diapers . I recommend you NOT to use this product . I am using Pampers swaddlers again .
 I 've always been using Pampers for my daughter , never had a single leak incident . After I switched to Huggies , half the time , I get a leak in the morning , and wet the bed sheet . The Huggies just wo n't hold enough comparing to Pampers or Luv . Now I use pampers at night , and Huggies in the morning , so I can use up the remaining box . Will never buy Huggies again .
 I have been using Huggies since my son was born and they are a sturdy , absorbant diaper . I just received my first box of Huggies from Amazonmom.com , in hopes of saving a few bucks . I am convinced they are imitation Huggies diapers . They are flimsy , the elastic is non-existent and the color from the diaper design leaks all over my son 's thighs , and it makes them appear bruised . They are cheap imitation diapers and I am actually having to throw them out they are such a poor quality . I ca n't believe it . I thought Amazon was a reputable site . i ca n't believe they are selling such garbage and calling it Huggies .
 Uggh ! `` Snug and DRY '' does not fit this diaper ! I used them for a few months because they are cheaper than Pampers and other brands leaked for my son . Well , this brand leaks too ! I moved on to `` Little Movers '' and LOVE them ! If you have a heavy wetter , or do n't want to be changing your 14mo . old 's diaper in the middle of the night -LRB- and sheets and blankets -RRB- ... I STRONGLY recommend using the Huggies `` Little Movers ! ''
 I am not sure what the deal is ... Every kid is different when it comes to diapers I guess . But , these for us , LEAK LIKE CRAZY ! And do n't even mention poop , WHAT A NIGHTMARE ! Good price , not the best at keeping everything in ...
 $ 24.99 is a great price , but by the time you pay shipping , you 're paying almost $ 50.00 . Why buy economy sizes for double the stated price ? There 's really no sense in it.This merchant may charge $ 24.50 regardless of the size of the order , but you 'd have to buy an awful lot from them to make it worthwhile . Maybe you could buy diapers for the year - but I can do better for my money than investing in truckloads of diapers to save on shipping costs .
 I got this package today ... The box was damaged very much . I am disappointed with the service , what amazon/ups provided .
 I have been using Luvs but got huggies on sale at target and wow what a mistake . I have never had a problem with leaks before but these diapers leak everyday . It is just a little during the day but they do not make it through the night at all . once this box is up i 'm going back to luvs . could not believe they stood up better than these , I thought I was upgrading !
 I have not been disappointed with Huggies in the past . I do n't typically buy them simply because they are more expensive then Luvs , and I 've found Luvs to be of excellent quality so far . But , the Luvs I normally order were out of stock so I got the huggies instead . I want my money back . I got the 150-something count size three , and I 've had to throw away at least four CLEAN , unused diapers so far . When I gently pulled on the front strap to close the diaper around my 1 yr . old daughter , the strap has pulled completely off . I do n't pull that hard . Very poor quality . Four diapers so far . I 'm getting really irritated . Huggies diapers are expensive enough without my having to waste at least four of them so far . I 'm sticking with luvs from now on .
 My sister-in-law gave me some gigantic boxes of these when my husband was laid off . So we put them on our daughter and she leaked the first day . And the second day . And the third day . She leaked almost every day ! We used up all the diapers since we could n't afford to buy different ones . Once we ran out we went back to using the cheap Parent 's Choice diapers that we never have problems with.I gave this two stars because we use Huggies Overnites with no problems . I do n't know how they make great overnight diapers and crappy daytime diapers , but whatever .
 My low rating is less an indictment on the snug and dry and more the amazing upgrade with the Slip-Ons Slip ons rule the earth with an iron fist . I lve them . Wife loves them . darling daughter loves them . go slipons .
 I just wanted to let you all know that I will never use your product again !! When my daughter was first born I used them and found that the were too narrow and did not fit her properly . Then a family member purchased a mega size pack -LRB- size 6 -RRB- and I can not believe how much they leak . If my daughter drinks one cup of juice within 2 hours she has too be changed because they begin to leak . Unfortunately on two different occasions I let her sleep in them and her bed was soaked ! They were terrible ! I switched back to Luvs brand and am thankful that she can now go the night and wake to a dry bed . Please improve your product .
 Box says diapers will hold up to 15 lbs . We always have to change them long before they get that full .
 I have a 15 month old and have used Huggies Snug N Dry exclusively since he was about 3 months old . Amazon has the best deal I can find on them . I loved them and then they went and changed them . I got a box that put blue dye on my babies legs -LRB- the babysitter thought he 'd had a horrible fall -RRB- and while he was in the he had a horrible diaper rash . It was dumb on my part but I did n't think about the diapers causing the rash until I got the next box that happened to be the older diapers that we used to love and the diaper rash immediately went away . I was hoping Huggies had decided to switch back to the old way of making them , but no . I got another box of blue diapers . I 've already started shopping around for a new diaper for my baby .
 Until MArch the box with 140 diapers was 23 Dollars with teh subcription discount - now it 's 29 Dollars . Parents , you get it cheaper at TArget !
 I purchased this product and my son manages to always pee through his diaper . I dont think they fit him right , and my friend has the same problem with he son in these diapers . Luvs and Pampers seem to do alot better .
 We were excited about what a good deal these diapers were , however Pampers Dry Max are so much better that we did not use half of our order before ordering more Pampers . Not such a good deal after all .
 I 've used size different Huggies . I think it is a good brand . For all the Huggies I used before I gave them 5 stars.But this time , I was very disappointed about the quality of this product . After put the diaper on my baby , the stuff in the diaper breaks and form several big chunks ever when the diaper is dry . It is uncomfortable to have big chunks under baby 's body when baby needs lie down . So I have to change a new diaper every time my baby goes to sleep no matter whether the diaper is wet or dry .
 My daughter might as well not be wearing a diaper.We switched to Luvs , which supposedly are n't as good , and have n't had a leak since . Works for me , they are cheaper anyway .
 I have been buying these diapers for a few months now and for some reason , this last box seems to have terrible quality control . Some diapers are smaller than others and my baby has been waking up in the middle of the night completely wet ! The size is right according to the package so since my baby did n't change , I guess the diapers did !
 These are the worst ! Bought a box of Huggies Snug & Dry 's after Huggies were recommended by a friend over Pampers . Little did I realize that Huggies also has two lines - their premium line and their cheapo/crappy line . Well - the Snug & Drys are the cheapo/crappy line.Attributes of the Snug & Dry : - they smell mildly toxic , and in any case far from pleasant ; when a clean diaper smells nasty , you 've got problems - no absorbency - poor/loose fit.But really , at the end of the day , the one star -LRB- ideally zero -RRB- is cause the diapers DO NOT ABSORB anything . Pampers Swaddlers and even their inferior Baby Dry lines both absorb . Not so with these . Apparently Huggies thinks the poop and pee will stay in the diaper by sheer force of will or the shape of the diaper ?! In any case , I do n't need to write a long review - these are horrible . Dumped the remaining 70 out of a 100 box , after repeated leaks . If a diaper does n't even hold stuff in - it should n't be on the market . FAIL .
 This is the second time I have given Huggies a try -LRB- the first being as a baby shower gift for when my son was first born -RRB- . I was using Pampers and my son was developing a slight rash in the folds of his thighs so I thought that maybe it was the diapers that were n't fitting correctly in that area . I remembered seeing Huggies branding with the SnugFit design and thought maybe this would offer better protection . Well , I was wrong ! Although these diapers seem to keep the leg area dry , his rash never subsided -LRB- only diminished after I used a plethora of powder every time -RRB- , and almost EVERY time he would leak out of the top , especially during the nighttime . It 's really frustrating to CONSTANTLY be changing and washing wet baby clothes . I will definitely be switching back .
 We had tried out step 1-2 when our baby was first born and it did a very good job and the diapers were very absorbent . However , problem arised when our baby is now 6 weeks old and the diapers did not fit any more . The cutting is already too small even she weighted only less than 9 lbs . I called Huggies 1800-544-1847 directly and the representative told me that different babies born with different shapes and likely my baby not fit the diaper 's `` cutting '' . I had tried out Huggies Supreme step 1 , Papmper swaddler size 1 and they fit much better than Huggies step 1-2 . Also , the Huggies said `` step 1-2 '' means it is `` a guideline to fit baby up to 15 pounds '' only , and so it is ALL step 1 diapers and not mean the case contain both step 1 , step 2 diapers . My overall experience is consistent with the majority of the other reviewers and found this product disappointing . Probably it is better labeled and be used as full-term `` newborn '' baby only for practical reasons .
 My son was 11 lbs when I ordered 2 boxes of these diapers , thinking he would be able to wear them for a good while based on the description . It is true what everyone else has said , this is a box of ONLY size 1 diapers , and they are not made the same or even look the same as the Huggies Baby Shaped diapers w / Gigglastic Waistband that you can buy at any store . I compared one from this box to one I had in a size 1 purchased from Wal-Mart , and the diaper from this box was thinner , had shorter waistbands that do n't even want to stick when closing the diaper on your baby , and are shorter ... meaning they wo n't fit your baby for very long . They have n't fit mine at all ! My son is now 12 lbs , & 24 inches long ... these diapers do n't even make it to his belly button , barely make it around his waiste , and do n't hold even one urination before they are leaking out all over his clothes . I do n't know who is really making these diapers , but if it is Huggies , I would like to know how they can get away with false advertising and why they would sell such cheaply made diapers with their popular name on it . I hope they have read these reviews , seeing that very few people were happy with the diapers , and I hope they plan on doing something about it . I WANT MY MONEY BACK !! I ca n't use these diapers at all !!! I over 300 diapers that I can not use !
 The diaper works well but the outside graphics have stained my children 's clothing and washing has n't been able to remove it . This is terribly disappointing and we 'll find a different brand to use because of it .
 When my 16 month old daughter was born , I put her in Huggies Newborn Diapers as I had received them as a gift . She ended up getting a RAW bottom . So I immediately switched to Pampers and the diaper rash went away . So I stuck to Pampers Dry until recently when two separate events collided and I ended up with more Huggies . First , one of my favorite stores , Costco , stopped carrying Pampers and is currently only selling GIANT boxes of Huggies and their Kirkland Brand . Secondly , being the frugal shopper that I am , I found it hard to resist the $ 50 rebate -LRB- spend $ 100 -RRB- from Kimberly-Clark . Amazon recently had a similar Pampers deal but there was a 4-6 week wait for size 3 Pampers ! So , I decided to give Huggies one more try . To my credit , I would never buy something if I KNEW that Huggies was for sure the `` reason '' for her first diaper rash . When my daughter was born , we had also switched baby formula at the same time as switching diapers SO a part of me thought that maybe the formula had been the culprit . `` Had I been unfair to Huggies ? '' Unfortunately , her BAD diaper rash returned although it was not nearly as bad as when she was a tender new-born . My `` scientific '' conclusion then is that Huggies simply does not pull away the moisture as well as Pampers does . I am by no means a `` brand-snob '' and am constantly seeking out the best value and lesser know `` gems '' . But in this particular case , I will not buy any other Brand of Diapers . Sorry Huggies and Costco . I 'll be buying my Pampers at Target or TRU .
 This product contains ONLY `` Step 1 '' size diapers . Do not be fooled by the `` Step 1-2 '' labeling on the package and in the description .
 I have twin girls and made the mistake in buying these . We could n't wait for the box to be empty . The girls always needed out fit changes due to the diaper leaking through the layers . One expects some leaking around the edges but right through the diaper . I will never buy again .
 We 've used the Diapers.com brand diapers since our 2 year old was born - never any leaks . Since I was already placing an Amazon order I decided to add a box of Huggies Snug & Dry . What a HUGE mistake . They leak so easily that we might as well be putting him to bed without any diaper at all . I 'm writing this review at 4:30 am because I just finished changing his sheets after another leak - the bed was soaked , but the diaper was barely damp ! These work okay during the day when gravity pulls the wetness into the small absorbent area , but if they are laying down - forget it . Get ready for sleepless nights and wet sheets .
 these diapers are more expensive than pampers with way less in the box and i haveno idea why that is , pampers are much better and these dont even have tabs on the sides where the velcro sticks so that the velcro tab doesnt rub against the babys skin and irritate it , i think that its insane to charge so much more for these diapers than pampers or luvs even because they are both far superior to these , i would not reccommend these to anyone .
 I only buy pampers baby dry but thought I would try huggies because they have bigger tabs . They are fine if your child is not a heavy wetter and you are on top on changing right away . They leak terrible for night time even with a changing in the middle of the night . I will go back to pampers .
 My wife bought these at Target tonight for around $ 27 , I do n't understand the pricing at all .
 We bought Huggies and hoped they would be snug and dry and they were for the 1st hour or so , then they leak not from the sides , -LRB- like if they are wrong size -RRB- but from the surface , which I ca n't find the reason why.Liquid just sips through , even when they half full and you end up with clothes wet and your arm smelly when you pick up your baby.Contacted company which produces Huggies , they positive because of wrong size -LRB- too big -RRB- , but our baby within that size range , so I do n't know what 's wrong with them . probably will switch to another brand .
 I was given a case of huggies newborns for my baby shower , and proceeded to use them once she came home from the hospital . My daughter had a diaper rash within three days , and i tried everything to get rid of the rash . When I was at a friends house on vacation I ran out of diapers and sent my spouse to the store for diapers , and he brought back pampers , well needless to say the rash was gone within 48 hours . I honestly believe that the diapers caused her rash . I have n't used them again since then , and she has n't had another diaper rash since , and she is now 8 mths old !!! I use the sensitive skin wipes and pampers swaddlers now ... I would n't use huggies again , and besides the rash the diapers leaked , and bunched up between her little legs . I would n't recommend these diapers !!!
 Although the box says step 1/2 and for upto 15 lbs baby , the box only contains size 1 diapers which would not even fit a 10 lbs baby . I ordered 3 boxes as my baby is only 8.5 lbs but had to return them . So , do not got by what the box says ...
 We 've been using Pampers baby dry for some time , however Huggies seemed to be a little cheaper . We made the switch and ordered 3 boxes . Unfortunately , the diapers caused my boy to develop a bad diaper rash . We tried ointments with no luck . We bought a small pack of Pampers to see if it could be the diapers and sure enough the rash started to look better in a few days . He 's since been rash free . I feel this is mostly due to the way the Pampers absorb fluids as well as draw them aware from the skin . If you have a sensitive skin baby , try Pampers and avoid the Huggies . Also , the Pampers tend to fit a little better , helping to eliminate leaks .
 I used Huggies diapers before , that were good . For some reason the latest shipment I got are very bad . Their quality is very bad compare to same huggies diapers from SAMS . My guess is huggies is trying to clear their bad quality diapers through Amazon promotion .
 We have been ordering diapers for over a year . The current boxes we are using have has over a dozen diapers with missing tabs . The latest package had 4 diapers in a row missing a tab . I realize this is a better price than we can purchase the diapers in the store , but I have come to expect a high level of quality from Amazon that is missing from this purchase . We will be closely monitoring our next shipment and it is this poor again , we will be canceling our order . With 2 kids in diapers this is a HUGE deal !
 We have tried several brands of diapers and different styles within the line from Pampers Swaddlers , Swaddlers Sensitive , Huggies Little Snugglers , Luvs , Kirkland and now these , Huggies Snug and Dry . Our favorites so far have been the Swaddlers Sensitive and Little Snugglers because it had the softest , cushiony quilt but they do n't make them in size 3 and up . The Huggies Little Snugglers run a bit smaller than the Pampers Swaddlers . We 've had rear blow-outs with all of these at one point or another but we 've had the most with these Sung and Dry ones . The inner fabric does n't seem to be as thick or as absorbent as the Little Snugglers and it is definitely not as well fitted . For breastfed babies whose poop is more runny , these do n't work . They do n't absorb fast enough and ends up leaking through the back when you lay baby down to change . Now we are off to try the Pure and Natural which a friend says is much better fitted and cushioned .
 Compared to Pampers products of the same size , Huggies seem to be bulkier , especially once they stay one for a bit longer . Went through one box with my second baby and switched right back to Pampers .
 Diapers are cheap and plastic feeling ... They also leak and do n't seem to seal around my daughters legs . I wo n't be purchasing them again .
 Bought these diapers because I use Huggies and have always thought they are great , however , these size 3 's are MUCH smaller than ANY of the 3 's I 've bought in store and are almost too small for my 19lb baby ! I 'm so annoyed I bought an entire box of size 3 's which SHOULD fit him well but do n't ! Also , the tabs are different , they are not rounded at all and are scratchy if baby touches them , they also rip off just opening the diapers .
 I 've been using Huggies brand diapers in various sizes exclusively for over a year . This is the first time I 've ever received a box where at least 1 out of every 5 diapers has one of the velcro tabs missing which makes them unusable . I realize with mass production things can be missed but I 've never encountered so many defective diapers in one box . Considering the huge price increase on this item , I 'm hopeful this is a one-time occurrence and not something that will become a problem with every order .
 I found out that amazon sells diapers through a magazine promotion and jumped on it cuz i hate spending too much money on diapers , but i love the huggies brand , anyway , i got a good discount and free shipping , but the problem is that a number of the diapers broke off as i was trying to put them on my babies so they just went to waste unused and i also had unusual leakage problems ...
 I 'm so frustrated with Amazon I could SCREAM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I 've tried to cancel this order and they wo n't cancel , since they could n't figure that out , I thought I would change the size they ca n't get that right , either . This is the third package that is incorrect . I do n't like to leave negative feedback but this is beyond ridiculous !!
 I have never had much luck with Huggies in the past , but I thought I 'd give them a try again , since I could save a bit on the Subscribe shipments.I have two little ones in diapers , a six month old -LRB- 16lb -RRB- and a two and half year old -LRB- 27lb -RRB- . Both of my boys leak through these thin diapers in about 6 hours . Which means almost every night.I have had better luck with generic store brand diapers than these . The strength of the velcro tabs is pretty weak on these diapers too.Always try a small pack of diapers before you go buy a big box or two . I learned that lesson again .
 Do n't really care for these diapers because one they do n't really fit my son because the size is too expanded . The diapers sag and make it appear that he 's really wet and I know that 's not the case because I change him often .
 My toddler using Pampers BabyDry and then to Huggies Snug & Dry . We noticed Huggies diapers would leave some cotton remains or like sand stuff if it get too soak , and my kid has rash . It can be a part of too long without the change , but it never happen in Pampers . Pampers BabyDry is softer and looks like better price if in on-sales . I probably stick with Pampers .
 This is horrible . Made cheap , looks cheap , feel cheap . Little mover is much better , still buggies vs pampers , I will go with pampers and never look back .
 I 'm still new to all this . My daughter is only one month and two weeks old . But when you change your baby 's diaper 8-12 times a day , it does n't take many days to form an opinion about a brand!My mom told me during my whole pregnancy that when I was an infant she loved Huggies SO much . That she was never very fond of Pampers , but always bought Huggies Huggies Huggies ... My daughter was a preemie and spent the first two and a half weeks in the NICU . The nurses had us change her diaper every time we were there to get the hang of it and for bonding , etc. . The diapers they supplied were Pampers Preemies.When we went out to buy some preemie sized diapers of our own for our girl 's arrival home , the only ones we could find were Huggies so I bought two bags of them.LEAKS !!! Not once during her stay in the NICU did I ever notice any dampness or leaks from her diapers , but the moment i got her home , it seemed like her backside was wet every time , and there was always a stain on her swaddling blanket and the sheet underneath her.I wonder for a long time if I was just doing it wrong ! I finally got some Pamper diapers and tried them insead and NO LEAKS.Even the newborn sized Luvs I tried did n't leak ! -LRB- Although they were n't a very good fit either - the Pampers were a better fit -RRB- . So its obvious that in the 23years since I was an infant in diapers that Huggies has really gone down in quality . My mom insists that they never leaked when I was a baby , but she 's babysat my little girl since and put some huggies on her and experienced the dampness first hand and agrees with me now .
 I was very disappointed with Huggies . They leaked about half the time . I compared it with a Luvs and a Pampers diaper and found that the Huggies diaper is narrower . Fine for some babies I guess but not mine , and she 's a very average sized kid .
 I am not a big fan of these diapers ... I am sure that they are good for some , but I have found Pampers better and these seemed cheap in quality and price .
 The diapers I received had single `` gatherers '' vs. the double gatherers on the Huggies I 've been getting from Costco for over the past year . I suspect this means Amazon is shipping the old stock .
 I have been purchasing diapers for my 2 yr old from last 1.5 yrs from Amazon.com but in the last couple of times the stock seems to be old and the diapers are not good .
 I placed an order for these diapers on the 28th of February . On the 21st of March I got an e-mail stating there was a problem fulfilling the order . The website tells me that the order should ship between April 15th and 24th . That makes it a 7-8 week delivery time . Sam 's Club has the same item in stock for $ 29.88 , so I wo n't be making this mistake again .
 This an update of a previous review . At first the Huggies helped to eliminate our baby 's rash and we signed up for subscribe and save service . The last few boxes , however , have been a real disappointment . When you first open the diaper it seems the leg bands are stuck to the diaper -LRB- more so than any other diaper , including previous Huggies -RRB- and the strip inside the diaper seems off-center . The real dissapointment , though , is how much they leak even though diaper is fresh and nearly empty . We have had problems with the last 5 boxes -LRB- size 3 -RRB- with leaks around waist and around legs , both in the daytime while playing and at night . We do not recommend these diapers and will be switching brands . After trying Pampers and Luvs we were surprised that Luvs did not leak and did not give him a rash and we will continue to use them .
 As compared to the Pampers Swaddlers and Nature Babycare diapers , these leaked much more often . I tried these instead of the Nature Babycare for price reasons , but should have known that you get what you pay for . Before we tried these , we had maybe 4 or 5 leaks since our son was born -LRB- he just turned 1 -RRB- . We tried a box of these for a month , and he woke up soaked at least once a week . We tried the user tips of unfolding them all the way , etc. , and that did n't seem to make a difference . We wo n't be ordering these again-it 's not worth the mess , laundry , and baby being uncomfortable .
 I have been receiving these Huggies size 4 diapers with my Amazon Subsribe and Save subscription and have been very happy with them until now . However , when I got my latest shipment , I noticed they had a new design , and , now I see , they are cheaper quality as well . Although I had always needed the Overnites for overnight , now even during the day the outside of his diaper feels damp every time I change him . I think they are also stiffer and thinner . Oh well , we thought we had the ideal diaper for him , but now we 'll have to reconsider .
 Very dissapointed in these , now I know they are the cheaper of the Huggies brand diapers but I 've had nothing but leaks and they have a terrible smell soiled or not . I really wish they would make the snugglers larger than size 2 . Looks like I 'll be going back to the more expensive Pure and Natural Huggies as they are soft , absorbant and available in the larger sizes .
 I have been getting the Huggies brand for for over 15 months now , and most of the time , from Amazon . My Daughter is 18 months old , and average height and weight . Just got another box that I ordered via the subscribe and save option , but the diapers are different . The box still says Size 3 snug and dry , and the amount of diapers are the same , but the quality of the diapers are NOT . I received a new box on Thursday and these diapers are not the same as I have been getting !! They are a little thicker throughout the diaper which makes the diaper poof out when wearing . I have noticed that I need to change my daughter 's diaper much more often as the are not holding as much urine . The diaper 's design has changed , still Mickey and Pluto , but the pictures are bigger than the one 's we have been receiving , there is a blue panel on the entire bottom of the diaper as opposed to the regular one 's , which only have the blue panel on the outer edges , and in the diaper itself , it is much stiffer in the middle . I still have a few of the regular one 's left , and am comparing it to the new box we just received.Not sure I want to reorder again , because of the POOR quality of the newest box of diapers we just received .
 The straps are rough and cause irritation to the baby skin . Overall softness is unsatisfactory . When we have used it overnight , it smells . I understand that diapers smell when soiled but this has a very distinct odor .
 We have used Pampers since our 19 month old was born . From Swaddlers to Baby Dry to now Cruisers with Dry Max . My parents bought these Huggies diapers for my brother 's kid who came to visit them , but they did n't end up using them . Figuring not to waste them , they passed them on to us . We used them and it seems like every single time she wears these diapers her onesie undershirt ends up wet or covered in poop . We took her to the dentist the other day and were totally embarrassed about the leaking on both sides of her bottom all the way through her leggings when we went in -- good thing she did n't care ! I would never , ever recommend these diapers , nor will I buy Huggies products again . We did n't even purchase them and we regret using them !
 I used to only use Huggies for my newborn because they were the only ones that did n't leak with newborn poop . Something has changed from my last baby to this one . They are almost guaranteed to leak every time she goes . I am very disappointed in them . I wish they would go back to their old design .
 I usually bought Huggies from W * lmart or T * rget and they had been all OK.But with a surprisingly good price , I bought huggies from this site , I found that this diapers had a very suspicious quality.At first sight , the printed pictures on the diapers are different from Off-line store 's . Second , blue color from the pictures are stained on the baby 's clothes.Third , the thickness of diapers are different from off-line store 's . They are thinner than off-line store 's . At conclusion , It reminds me that the cheaper is the worse.I will not buy huggies from this site again .
 I was n't happy with these diapers . They arrived with a small dent in the box though the diaper packages were intact , but the individual diapers somewhat stuck together on opening - when I unfolded a diaper I almost had to peel the diaper apart . Furthermore , when we went to do diaper changes I found crystals on my baby 's bottom . I am normally a cloth diaper user so these are my backups for trips , needless to say I am not planning to purchase Huggies Snug and Dry as my backup diapers in the future .
 The diaper looks good with waist band , but do n't be fooled . It can not hold too much urination . I got leakage twice in the past 3 days during sleep time , even I changed the diaper before putting my baby in her bed . The cloth and bed sheet were all wet when I got her up after 3-hour sleep . I never had this problem when I used pamper swaddler sensitive at new born size , even though she had more urination at those time . I have over 160 huggies size 1-2 I want to throw it away !!
 I have been using Huggies since my first son was born 7 years ago and have loved them ! Great fit and at a great price from Amazon . A friend , who also buys hers from Amazon , warned me she was having issues with the new style and I should 've listened . The night we opened the new box , my son leaked out onto his PJs by the time morning rolled around ... and has every night since . Some nights I have had to change my 2 y/o in the middle of the night because his jammies are so wet . The diaper wo n't even be completely wet , yet it leaks . We never used to have this problem and I am extremely disappointed . I have n't noticed staining from the dye ... yet . I guess I 'll have to examine his clothes more closely . What the heck , Huggies ??? I 'll be writing the company directly as well , this is just ridiculous .
 I have been using Pampers Bay Dry since my son was born . It 's been over 10 months . The recent two shipments did n't seem to have the same quality as they were before , so we changed to Huggies . It 's a horrible mistake I ever made ! 1 -RRB- smaller than Pamper , 2 -RRB- can not support over night , it leaks every night from day one , 3 -RRB- the worst , it triggles diaper rash . My son developed diaper rash on the 3rd day . It turned red on the 2nd day , and the rash appears on the 3rd day . He never really had diaper rash since he was born . I did n't think that 's because of Huggies at the begining until the rash became worse and worse . We finally went out to buy Papmers at a convenient store close by and changed it back on the 5th day , in which his bum is all red with little bumppy rashes . I saw a lot complaining about leaking as well , yes , I totally agree it leaks , my son can sleep through since 4th month , now by using Huggies , he woke up due to leaking since day one , but seeing my son suffering from really bad diaper rash is hurting my heart !!!! This is the Worse product ever !! Our is the mickey mouse , not sure if other line of product has the same issue . I am so regret ordered Huggies and would never recommend to anyone for daper rash alone , not to mention the leaking issue !!!
 These diapers were absolutely awful for us . I had tried the Huggies supreme diapers and was happy with the way they held in BM 's so we ordered the snug and dry , kind of by accident . We did not realize that there were two different kinds of Huggies diapers . So annoying that they do this . Why not just make the supreme diaper affordable for all ? Any how , my son would wake up wet EVERY MORNING . These would n't hold his urine . Not only that , but even if he wet in it once they had a foul smell to them . We had to get rid of these diapers ASAP . Going back to Pampers . Just not a fan of Huggies : -LRB-
 I got a ton of Huggies Snug and Dry diapers and could not use them on my baby girl . As soon as she peed , it leaked out the side on me . If I wanted her to pee all over me , I would n't put a diaper on her . I do , however , love the Huggies Supreme . I 've never had a problem with leaks with the supreme .
 I 've been ordering Huggies Step 4 -LRB- Economy Pack -RRB- from Amazon since arriving in US . During a recent offer , I ordered 3 boxes . The quality of diapers is the worst I 've ever used . So far , 2 diapers had been defective - the snap on came off when I put on the diaper on my child . Also , the material is different from what you would get if you buy those smaller size pack from grocery stores .
 When these diapers are wet they get hard instead of squishy like pampers . These diapers already have a bit of a solid feel to them so getting hard makes it hard to tell if they need changed . I 'm sticking to Pampers .
 Someone purchased a case of these diapers for us at our baby shower . I 've tried multiple brands of diapers -LRB- including store brands -RRB- and none have given us as many leaks as these diapers . Huggies have leaked on us 4 times now , with only using about 20 of them . That 's too many leaks for me ! I do have a son , and it seems people with little girls like these diapers . Maybe there just is n't enough wetness protection in the front ? One of the diapers even came unvelcroed , which we 've never had happen with any other diaper . I 'm sure these work well for some , but they did n't for us . We now have about 170 diapers that we ca n't use , which goes against all my `` smart shopper sensibilities '' . However , having to do an entire outfit change and bath every few diaper changes goes against the retention of my sanity -LRB- especially with the sleep deprivation that comes with a newborn - I do n't want any more work than necessary -RRB- . Unfortunately , ca n't recommend these !
 These diapers have a strong plastic odor or a chemical . After using Natural Care -LRB- from Huggies too -RRB- , I think it was a mistake switch to this kind of diaper , I would not recommend it .
 I like trying different brands . I know some people are really subjective and just have one affection toward a particular brand . But being an objective consumer , I really do n't care what others said . This is the worst diaper brand , period . The material is thicker than Pampers Economy or Luvs , it feels sturdier . But somehow it does n't absorb pee as good as Pampers Economy or Luvs . My baby butt always feel damp wet if I use this `` entry level '' Huggies brand and not as dry as Luvs or Pampers . About 20 % of the time , the poo leak from the side . As a result , my baby has more diaper rash when using this Huggies Snug & Dry brand . Maybe the more expensive Huggies version is ok , but I am not willing to try anymore .
 My baby girl went up a size in diapers last week , so I bought a package of huggies snug and dry from Sam 's Club . After 4 days of using these my daughter had a bright red rectangle shaped rash that was hot to the touch and caused her to sob while wiping her . I stopped using these diapers , cloth diapered her for the day and she is now in Seventh Generation . The rash is fading . It was not diaper rash , it was from these diapers . I took them back to Sam 's Club . Previously , I had been using Huggies Little Snugglers which worked fine but are not in a size 3 . I will never buy these type of diapers again .
 I dont remember diapers that left my kid wet before . These diapers leak , almost every time we change our daughter . Not sure if we got a `` defective '' batch , but so far these diapers are consistent for leaking ...
 You can get 228 size three diapers at Sam 's club for 39.98 . They will even ship them on line free of charge .
 I tried these based on a sample that my neighbor rec ` vd in the mail and gave me to try . I 'm not sure if these are the same as that sample because it was over the summer . HOWEVER , these are called `` snug & dry '' ... . Prior to these I have been using Pampers cruisers -LRB- I was very happy with those -RRB- , the only reason I changed is because the price went up and , like a fool I was trying to save a few dollars . These do n't keep my little girl dry at all . They smell and I 'm very disappointed . I wish I would 've just stayed with the cruisers .
 I am a first time mon and my daughter uses size 3 , she 19 lbs and she 's had so many diaper leaks ... It 's not even funny ... I change have to change it constantly to avail the leaks . I personally do not like these diapers . I will not recommend them .
 I 'm a big fan of Huggies Little Snugglers so I did n't think twice about buying these . I was so WRONG !!!! They feel horrible and they leak like crazy ! I will go back to the little snugglers . I just ca n't believe how rough the diapers feel !!!!
 I ordered 3 boxes of the size 3 and 1 box of the size 4 diapers on Feb 28th -LRB- due to one of Amazon 's sales -RRB- . Today is April 11th and none of the diapers have shipped.I contacted Amazon customer service recently and they were nice enough to change my order to cancel the size 3 -LRB- as these would no longer fit -RRB- and only get more boxes of the size 4 's however the shipping estimate now projects into early May . They also rebooked my order under a new order number , which probably helps their ` on time ' metrics , but I think this only hurts my ability to get these in a timely manner.Overall , good price , I like getting them shipped to my door and have had no problems before but this delay is just getting ridiculous . If Amazon or their vendor ca n't fulfill in a timely manner , they should stop taking orders - plain and simple . ------------- Update - April 12thThe day after I posted the above review my 3 boxes of Huggies mysteriously were shipped out via Fedex for next day arrival -LRB- I only paid super saver -RRB- . All arrived intact . Thanks Amazon !
 We have used Huggies almost exclusively for nearly 2 years now . Unfortunately , I 'm about to cancel my delivery subscription and switch brands . The past two shipments have both caused color transfer from the diaper to my son 's thighs . Quite literally , the blue decorative stripe of color around the legs is rubbing off and discoloring my son 's legs . This and some of the general green color combines into this god aweful bruise like color . The first time I noticed it , I nearly had a heart attack thinking my daycare center had caused horrible deep bruises on my son 's legs . The daycare center thought the same thing about me . We are chuckling about it now that we realize it washes off with soap and water - but I wo n't be buying diapers that stain my child 's skin . I do n't know what Huggies changed , but it is unfortunate . They have lost a customer because of it .
 I came accross these diapers when I was searching the website for a more natural diaper for my now 10 month old daughter since she has really bad diaper rash that I ca n't seem to get rid of . I used to use the Walmart brand diapers and wipes and wanted to change her into something more natural for her . Do n't get me wrong , the walmart brand is great , used them for all my kids . But for her , I was concerned that she was allergic to the inks , dyes and perfumes you find in alot of the baby products these days . The huggies diapers are comfortable and fit well to her body and around her legs . During the day , they absorb well as long as I changed her every 2-3 hrs . However I would n't recommend going through the whole night with them . Alot of mornings -LRB- around 7am -RRB- I would pick her up and she would be soaked through . When I noticed this , I started changing her diaper halfway through the night or very early in the morning . The other down side for me was that this diaper has ink/dyes on the inside of the leg . If she has on just her diaper , she will scratch her skin raw in that area . I did alot of research , but was never able to find a picture showing the inside of the diaper so I did n't know there was ink on the leg openings before I purchased them . The main reason I chose Huggies was that I used them -LRB- not necessarily the Snug and Dry -RRB- on my now six yr old son and at that point , they had no ink or dyes in them . He was allergic to Luvs . Plus the subscribe and save option made it price wise for me . Sorry to say that I wo n't buy the Huggies Snug and Dry Diapers again nor would I recommend them to anyone . But I do still like Huggies brand for other items .
 We bought these Huggies for my one-year-old , and they turned out to be a nightmare . They fail to hold his leakages . Every morning , we have to change his bedding covers , not to mention that we have to bathe him entirely . Furthermore , these diapers did not come cheap . They were quite expensive . We are asking that Huggies either refund us the money or mail us a new product , one which meets quality standards , etc. . We are saddened that our consumer agencies are not doing their job to ensure that we , Americans , are fully protected against defective products such as these and a plethora of others . Buyer be ware !!!! If Huggies does not respond to our grievance , we will report them to the Better Business Bureau along with the Federal Trade Commision .
 I purchased these Huggies diapers to see how they compare to Pampers , and I must say , that I prefer Pampers . They are much softer and better absorbing .
 I bought a huge package of these from Costco because it was only $ 2 more expensive for the `` brand name '' diapers than the Kirkland brand ones and you got 50 more diapers . Worst mistake ever !! For the last six weeks I have had to change his sheets/clothes EVERY MORNING ! The only absorbent core in these is right in the front which is not sufficient for overnight protection . We are going back to Pampers .
 I used Pampers exclusively for my daughter who is now three . With my two month old son I 've had problems with him pooping up his back so thought I would try Huggies since they boasted a snug waistband . Bad idea . Not only does he still go up his back , these diapers are not as soft , irritate my sons skin -LRB- and he 's not sensitive to other stuff -RRB- , and now he has daily leaks out the legs . Really an inferior product . I know ... these are diapers , but more mess staying in the diapers means less laundry and happier baby . These definitely do n't keep the moisture away from the baby 's skin as well as Pampers either . Switching back now . On a positive note , Amazon has great prices on Pampers !
 We generally use the seventh generation chlorine-free diapers , and those have been wonderful for our son who is now 13 months old . Twice we have run out of diapers , and used Huggies as a backup when our local store was out of our brand . The first time we tried them , our son developed a diaper rash after about 24 hours of use . He was also teething at the time so I thought it could have been a coincidence . We went back to our brand , and the rash went away after about a day , with help from Butt Paste ointment.The second time we tried these was just a few days ago . Again we had run out of our brand , so I used the Huggies for about 24 hours , and this time , the diapers gave him what I would not so much call a diaper rash as a chemical BURN . He is not teething right now , nor has he tried any new foods lately , so I know for sure it was the diapers and I will never use these again . My son is not at all prone to diaper rash . This was awful . He first developed a pink , raised rash that looked like welts . Then it blistered and the blisters burst , and his skin turned bright red . We are using Neosporin to heal the rash . He still has one bright red , raw-looking area . I ca n't believe this product is even on the market .
 I have been a die hard Huggies user since my son came home 6 months ago . We tried everything else , but that elastic in the back just makes for a better fit . Unfortunately , though , this last shipment I received was NOT the same diaper I 've been using . There is now blue dye inside the diaper -LRB- one of the biggest pros for me was dye free next to his skin -RRB- . They are also considerably larger than the last box of 4 's . The outside is softer now , which is nice , but they 're just flimsy . I think changes like these should have been announced beforehand , giving me a choice , instead of just shipping this new crap .
 I am a devoted Huggies user , as they were the only thing that would hold in my breast fed babies number two 's . He is now 8 months and I found amazon suscribe and save to be great savings as they started out at .17 a diaper as he went up in size .18 a diaper , and now that amazon raised the price .20 a diaper . The first 4 shipments were great , however the last one I got the box was a bit damaged , upon opening I realized that the print was differnt , then after examining the diaper was thinner , not as soft , and the date on the back of them was 2009 ! the ones I have been getting prior were 2010 , I just hope they hold up . I am considering switching to a cheaper brand due to price hike and inconsistent merchandise . Every penny counts and now that his blow outs arnt as big , maybe I will be safe : - -LRB- 8/30/2011 Update , ended up switchinhg back to huggies after giving fisher price happy days and nights a try , loved the fit but gave my son a horrible rash!The first two boxes I recieved were better the 2010 version -LRB- white liner -RRB- , now I just recieved my second shipment of 2 boxes and they changed them agian , not for the better . The outside is stiffer not as soft , and there is visible blue lines running through the outside of diaper , and the inside lining is now blue colored , not white as it previously was . I switched back to this brand because I knew it would n't give my son a rash ... Well now that they changed them , 4 diapers into the second shipment he has a rash :--LRB- I am so very dissapointed , will be now switching to a more natural diaper , these remind me of pampers dri-max now , which also gave my son a horrible rash ! ugghhh so frusturating , why change a good thing ! I will be sending the unopened box back and contacting amazon to see if I can return the opened one.Also on the suscribe and save note , my last shipment they raised the price 3.00 before placing order , then the next day it was dropped back down to normal , beware of price hikes before they charge your card . I will defiantly be keeping an eye on this in future and placing my order when the price is lower as it should be !
 There were many diapers in my pack that would leave ink stains on my baby 's legs and bottom - it looked like bruises with the blue ink from Micky ! Whatever they are using for the chemical ink rubs off and ca n't be safe ! I am sticking to pampers or the target brand - both are great .
 We had switched from Pampers to Huggies cause the Huggies seemed to do a better job now that the baby was running around and they were working great for a couple of months . The last case we bought , the tabs were all covered in fuzz and would n't stick to the diaper . Sometimes it would take 2 or 3 diapers to find one that stayed closed .
 We made a big mistake switching to Huggies Snug & Dry!Our son , 17 months now , always used the Pampers Baby Dry diapers . Our daughter , now 7 , used the same when she was a baby . We remember then switching to Huggies for price difference but ca n't remember why we switched back ... For our son , I can tell you why we are switching back to Pampers!The Huggies are $ 10 cheaper for more diapers than Pampers Baby Dry , yes that is true ; but not worth it !!! Three times in the past 9 days , the diapers leaked , once through baggy PJs , and twice right when I was carrying him !!!! Worse , all three times the diapers were EMPTY at the time ! I have NEVER had a diaper leak while holding a baby , especially so much that it soaked my shirt with hot urine !!!!! Terrible!On top of that , they are leaving marks on his skin . He has been having issues with diaper rash during the time we changed -- Note ; he hardly EVER has diaper rash , partly because that is how he is , and also due to the fact that we use Desitin as a preventative on almost every diaper . To have diaper rash even with an even coat of Desitin reflects a diaper that does NOT keep his skin dry at ALL.We had none of these issues with Pampers Baby Dry -LRB- and also Pampers Extra Protection , which we use overnight -RRB- .
 I love the protection this diaper offers . We got our first shipment and everything was perfect . I was so excited to find such a deal on amazon.com . Then the second shipment came and the diapers pretty much fell apart . It felt like gritty sand and this substance was falling out of the diapers . It would be all over my son when he 'd wear them . There was one diaper that the insides just fell out when I picked it up . This may have just been a fluke but I went through each diaper and had to throw away nearly the entire box . The Disney pattern also stained his onesies .
 Was not very impressed at all in these diapers I am a mother of 6 children my youngest two are twins that are 1 and in a size 3 they weigh between 21-23 pounds and these diapers leak bad . I pick up the babies and instant wet mark on my hip will NEVER buy huggies again . -LRB- and for all you smart ones out there my children get changed every 3-4 hours or as needed an with these diapers its more like every 2 hours
 If I do n't change my son 's diaper immediately after a bm , it will leak out . I 've checked the diaper right after and it seaps through the part that should keep it in . Pee also leaks out and meant several changes of clothes in one day . Then I realized it was the diaper . Have n't had problems with Huggies little snugglers -LRB- sz nb & 1 -RRB- , pure and natural -LRB- sz 1 -RRB- , or snug & dry sz 2 . Only these snug & dry sz 1-2 from amazon .
 These Huggies Size 1-2 diapers were too small for my 10 lbs . baby daughter . That caused BMs to overflow and make a huge mess . Very disappointing . This size was adequate for other purposes , but not for BMs .
 Huggies seem to fit best on my little chubby baby , but for some reason I noticed that the ink from the picture on the diaper is rubbing off onto her clothes . Not sure if this issue is specific to Snug & Dry or just to this batch . Disappointed but at least the diapers still work fine . Fortunately the ink is only leaving an impression on the inside of her clothes .
 My 20 month old daughter is 24 pounds and this product appears to be too small . The side bands do not have the capability to fully `` touch '' from front to back so evertime she had a loose bowel movement ... you guessed it . They leaked.They may be okay for children on the light end of the recommended weight scale , but they were not sufficient for my needs .
 Why does Huggies try to market a `` size 1/2 '' diaper ? Especially since every diaper is stamped with a `` 1 '' ? And they all fit exactly like a 1 ? These are fine if your baby is a true size 1 , but when I bought them -LRB- right at the tail end of my son being able to wear a 1 , just getting into a 2 -RRB- they were too small . I had to buy size 2 's in smaller packages at the supermarket . The warehouse clubs by me all offer these `` size 1/2 '' diapers.Otherwise as far as Huggies diapers in general are concerned , Huggies are fine for some babies . Babies do come in different shapes ; a diaper that is perfect on one baby will cause leaks on another . It 's hard to judge the general quality of a diaper based on a review . You really should buy a new brand of diaper in a smaller package to make sure it 's going to work for your baby before you buy huge economy sized packages .
 We bought several brands before my daughter arrived thinking we 'd try different brands to see what we liked . I had bought 3 packs of Huggies because they seemed so popular they must be good ... right ? We had several leaks just in the one pack . We used them up as not to waste money , but they leaked out the side of the legs . We took the other 2 packs back . I highly recommend Luvs , Target brand , or BabiesRUs Supreme .
 I was not happy with these diapers . I was receiving Huggies Little Movers until Amazon took them off of subscribe and save . I was hoping these would work just as well for my 23 lb 11 month old and I could keep getting them continuously once a month . Unfortunately they left a huge rash on my daughters back and lower bottom . They also leaked very quickly . I cancelled my subscription and decided to just get the Little Movers from Diapers.com .
 My baby is -LSB- ... -RSB- and weighs 11 lbs . When I used this diaper , no matter how tight I put it on , his poopie would leak out of the diaper and make a mess everywhere . Not sure if it 's the diaper , but when I use Pampers -LRB- similar size -RRB- , I do not have this problem .
 I 'm really surprized to have this happen ! and without prior notice . Item was ordered almost a week ago and till not it is not even shipped ! it 's delivery estimate is in 3 weeks !!! I 'm not used to this from Amazon !
 I talked with Dan at DAB Nutrition at their customer service # 800-775-5713 and he blamed Amazon for a `` technical error '' mismatching the price of these diapers for `` ziplock bags '' . He says it is Amazon 's fault . He also said that they are `` working on it '' . I asked what he meant by that and he said that they working `` on a mass e-mail '' to explain the problem . I told him that there are many angry customers on Amazon . He gave * no apology * . Amazon issue ? DAB Nutrition issue ? There is a massive blame game going on here , and I am not happy .
 I have always prided myself in being able to put my kids diapers much better fitted than most of my friends.However , I have to say that this diaper leaks due to the `` giglastic '' band . This diapers are very skinny and do n't work for girls , maybe for boys it does since boys will mostly use the front area.Everytime that we buy that diaper we have to change the kids outfits and the sheets.Save yourself embarrasment and frustrations and buy the Pampers Cruisers . Is only about 1.00 more than this and is n't your kid worth it?Note
 My kid has been using Huggies for over a year and I used to buy in stores and they were pretty OK.However , for last 2 months , I bought them online on Amazon and believe they are worst , quality is poor . And these diapers are not good for skin , my kid has developed rashes and I had to take her to the doctor.Think twice before you buy them online . You may save some dollars but you end up getting low quality diapers and trouble to your kids.Well , I dont intent to say all the bad things about Huggies . When I ordered them online , I received them in 2-3 days .
 I do not have a covered porch and came home to the diaper box sitting out in the rain . There was no additional wrapping to the package . The Huggies box was all there was . It literally looked like it had been pulled from the store shelf and placed on my porch . Fortunately the diapers are wrapped in plastic and were fine .
 These are , simply put , the worst diapers ever.My children have always used Pampers , mainly because that 's what the hospital started us out with and we had no problems so we stuck with them . But with two kids in diapers I started exploring cheaper options ... especially after Costco stopped carrying Pampers.Costco brand -LRB- Kirkland -RRB- diapers just did n't get the job done overnight . During the day they were ok , but if we left a child in them overnight , they would leak through . The diapers also did a poor job of controlling the odor of urine.So we turned to Huggies . I regret that more than just the money I spent . Huggies would leak after just three hours of wear . They seem to have absolutely no storage space for the urine and it just comes right through . You 'd almost be better with nothing on.Both of my children got an awful diaper rash from the Huggies , too . Only now , with a return to Pampers and lots of Desitin has the rash started to clear.Really , save your money . These are the worst diapers ever .
 These huggies I bought are n't the same as the ones I purchase at the store . The ink on the outside of the diapers is really bold , and I was afraid it would stain my kids clothes . In addition , as another poster has mentioned , the size 6 sold from amazon are bulkier than the ones sold in stores . They do not seem genuine huggies or they 're made somewhere else , I have no idea.Due to the ink amount I decided not to use these diapers as I was n't sure if they would cause a diaper rash for my son .
 My precious baby girl never had a diaper rash until I started using these diapers -LRB- once she turned 8 months old -RRB- ! I usually buy Pampers and Luvs , but I decided to purchase these at a local warehouse store because of the great price . What a mistake ! In a matter of days , her poor bottom went from perfect to bright red and blistered . I do n't know what 's in these diapers , but they have made my baby miserable ! I have over 150 left from the box and am throwing them in the garbage . What a waste of money , and they 're not even soft ! They feel like plastic and are worse in quality than the ones at Walmart . I would put any other diaper in the world on my daughter before I 'd put her in another Huggies diaper .
 I have been using the Snug n Dry diapers for several months without any problems , but now that the weather is heating up , the dye in the diapers interacted with my daughter 's sweat and leached into her skin , causing bruise-like stains . So bruise-like , in fact , that 2 doctors were convinced that they were actual bruises . One `` bruise '' was racket ball sized on her right leg along the diaper line , and the other was golf ball sized on the left leg in the same spot . The on-call pediatrician we took her to on Saturday ran blood tests to rule out leukemia and other major blood disorders . The tests were negative -LRB- THANK GOD -RRB- . I asked if it could be the diapers . He said no because it did n't wash off . It was a bruise . He said he did n't know the cause and my daughter needed to undergo more testing with her regular pediatrician on Monday . I took her in , and of course the doctor was out sick , so we had to see her back-up doctor . By the time we got to the office , the smaller `` bruise '' had grown and was almost tennis ball size . This doctor was convinced it was child abuse . She asked me the same questions over and over - would anyone hurt my daughter ? Has she been acting strange ? How does she act when she goes to the babysitter ? Do you suspect the babysitter would hurt her ? No , no , no ... Then she looked at all of the bruises on my daughter 's legs with a suspicious eye - when did this happen ? How did this happen ? I do n't know ... she falls down a lot ... she 's a toddler . Great , now I sound like an abuse victim covering up for the abuser . She kept leaving the room and coming back in . We were in there for what felt like an eternity . She said she would run more medical tests but would have to do a full body skeletal scan to check for healing fractures if the tests all came back normal . She was absolutely convinced that someone was hurting my baby . I was devastated . Finally she went next door and grabbed another pediatrician to come look at her . He put some medical soap on a paper towel and scrubbed the `` bruises '' . They began to fade . The doctor that had just accused me -LRB- or someone -RRB- of abusing my baby started laughing . It was a stain , not a bruise . The soap irritated the hell of my daughter 's skin and red patches began to appear . Her skin is very sensitive , so we never use strong soaps and only use mild soap once or twice a week . I guess I was n't scrubbing hard enough . This has been one of the most traumatic experiences of my life . I will never buy Huggies again .
 I received these diapers as a shower gift . It was a huge box , and my baby was n't big enough to wear them for quite some time . When she was , I quickly fell into a routine of several clothing changes per day combined with at least one crib bedding change a day . I have never gone through so many stain treatment sticks in my life as I did while using up these 200 diapers . My baby is breastfed , so BMs are frequent and runny . If she was lying down for longer than 5 minutes after filling that diaper it was pretty much a guarantee that poop was on her clothes , legs , and/or up her back.When I switched back to Pampers , the poop accidents stopped like magic . Suddenly , I was doing laundry just because she had worn all of her clothes and it was time for a sheet change instead of washing that stuff because it was covered in poop . Coincidentally , with my son I also had problems using Huggies . He was not breastfed so the poops were n't a problem . Rather , the pee ALWAYS managed to escape the diaper . After a couple days worth of changing onsies 10 times a day -LRB- pee up his back every time -RRB- , I threw the rest of the Huggies out.Now , on to other comparisons . These Huggies diapers feel like plastic - they are rough and scratchy to the touch . Further , the innards of the diaper do n't have that dry-weave layer above the absorbant batting so mositure is n't wicked away from baby 's skin . Either prepare to change the diaper the instant it becomes wet -LRB- usually baby will let you know -RRB- , or deal with never-ending diaper rashes.I like Pampers because they do n't feel plastic-y . They are soft to the touch inside and out -LRB- and so long as you buy swaddlers or sensitive types -RRB- they have a dry-weave layer inside to wick moisture away from the skin . I found that the Huggies Pure & Natural diapers were closest to Pampers in these areas , but I still prefer Pampers . The additional bonus with Pampers Sensitive is the moisture strip that turns from yellow -LRB- dry -RRB- to blue/green when wet . The strip is most useful for newborns because the volume of pee is sometimes so small that it is hard to tell that the diaper is wet . At 3 a.m. when you are exhausted and your newborn is crying , a quick glance at the exterior surface of the diaper will let you know if a wet diaper is to blame .
 If you are expecting diapers which are larger than size 1 but smaller than size 2 - forget it ! There are regular size 1 diapers in this box ! No joke , I called Kimberly Clark to confirm . Do n't be duped .
 I saw a few packages of Huggies Snug & Dry diapers for a great deal , so even though I am a die-hard Luvs user , I decided to try them . After all , Huggies are more expensive , and thus are better diapers . Right?Wrong.Whenever my son had a messy diaper , the smell would seep through the Huggies diaper and into his clothes . Every time I changed his messy diaper , I 'd have to change his pants as well , since the smell would not go away . Not only that , but the diapers had a damp feel to them , even though they had n't leaked . I thought it must be a bad batch of diapers in the package . So once that package was gone , I tried another package of Huggies . Same thing . The smell seeped right through and had a cool , damp feel.Needless to say , I switched back to Luvs . *** SIDE NOTE *** For those who do n't like Huggies and are thinking about using Pampers because they are `` better '' than Luvs
 I have used huggies before -LRB- not the `` snug & dry '' apparently -RRB- . It took me less than 6 diapers to figure out that this diaper was causing a bright red rash on my daughter . I think the diaper is so concerned with keeping the baby dry that it absorbs moisture from the skin.fortunately , as soon as I switched diapers -LRB- using Luvs now -RRB- , the rash started going away . she 's completely healed in a matter of a day or two.just as fyi
 This is the worst quality diaper i have ever seen . Stay away from this product . I wish i could have returned this product , but could not as at is Internet order .
 We 've been buying Huggies from the start and this last order -LRB- 10/2011 -RRB- we noticed the diapers had changed from all the previous orders . We compared a new and old Huggies diaper and the new ones do not have as much padding inside them causing them to leak resulting in several changes of clothes during the course of a day . The only visual difference between the old/new diapers are a light blue background/tint on the new version while the older ones had a all white background/tint to them . It is not about how often we change the diapers , it is the fact that they changed the way they make them and we are `` soaking mad '' about it . The new Huggies are no longer worth it at any price !!! Costco and Sams Club are still selling the older version at a nickle per diaper more , but , we 'll save that in time and less laundry . The extra box of Huggies we have are going back to Amazon . -LRB- Sorry Amazon , it 's not your fault -RRB-
 I really dislike these diapers . I do n't get the lack of overlap on the waistband tabs or why the inside elastic has to be pulled out as some reviewers have suggested in order to work . Mostly though , they just suck at keeping my 7 month old son dry . He has at least 1 leak everyday - whether it 's after a 2 hour nap -LRB- not being active -RRB- or playing on the floor for a couple of hours , he pees his onesie and shorts . They are also pretty rough . At least they do n't stink like some other diapers . Going to try Huggies Little Movers next and give Pampers Cruisers another shot ...
 I used Huggies Little Snugglers since birth for my daughter . Now that she 's a size 3 , all that was available was Snug & Dry -- NOT AT ALL the same product . This feels like a much cheaper diaper , with a scratchy/gritty feel and a yucky chemical smell . I will not buy them again .
 I have 3 children and have used Huggies Snug and Dry for every one of them . My youngest is in size 3 -LRB- 5 month old -RRB- , my middle child is in size 5 -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- , and my oldest still uses Pull Ups at night . All boys . I used to LOVE Huggies Snug and Dry before they redesigned the diaper sometime in late 2010/early 2011 . The packaging changed and the diapers ' graphics and colors changed . The overall color of the diaper is now blue as opposed to white . Formerly , I would use Huggies or Kirkland brand diapers interchangably , buying whichever was cheapest when I needed to buy diapers - they worked equally well for my boys.After the redesign , nearly every time my youngest 2 have a poop , any watery parts of the poop leak out of the legs ! I have blow-out after blow-out on both kids so I 'm doing significantly more sanitary-cycle laundry . It 's much more expensive considering all the laundering - I may as well switch to cloth diapers ! I buy only Kirkland diapers now . Once in a while I 've gotten a box of Huggies thinking I 'd try again but I 'm always disappointed and regret spending the money on them . I 've never been a fan of Pampers so I ca n't compare them , but I would definitely avoid these diapers now . The failure rate is about 65-75 % on poops . It must be something to do with the leg elastic .
 I 'm pretty upset at Huggies today . I have been using Huggies Little Movers for many months without any trouble . 2 weeks ago we switched to Huggies Snug & Dry . Last night I noticed these blue marks on my daughters thighs and freaked out . They looked just like bruises . Through a quick process of elimination , I realized that it had to be the diapers , as nothing else has changed . I have 2 twin girls and this only happened to one of them . I did some research and there are complaints dating back to 2009 , though Huggies says that it 's unusual and keeps apologizing to all these mothers who take their kids to the emergency room or the doctor worried to death that something is wrong with their baby . There are hundreds of complaints online and several news stories . Unfortunately , I did n't know about this until after it happened to me . Huggies says the blue ink is safe , but is it really ? Do they really know ? Why have n't they fixed this issue ? So it 's okay that my daughter looks like she has some kind of disease or has been abused?I 'm done with Huggies . It 's too bad because it was my favorite brand and the diapers worked really well , but I 'm extremely disappointed with the blue ink issue and will never use Huggies brand again.Fix your diapers Huggies ! Parents have enough to worry about !
 I got these for my 2 year old daughter . They leak so much easier than her Pampers . I have to change her clothes b/c of leakage almost every day . I have to change her much more often than I did while using Pampers . Thought I 'd try Huggies but now I know not to do that again . Not at all happy with them and will def . not be buying them again .
 These diapers were way too harsh for my 6 week old . They chafed and irritated her skin . On the plus side , they rarely leaked . I would recommend spending the extra money and buying the supreme care with cuddleweave for younger babies .
 While the price was right for the product . I did not like the Huggies at all . They felt rough to the touch and the baby smelt REALLY bad as soon as he peed . The only reason I did n't give it one star is because the price was right
 Huggies Snug & Dry Diapers , Size 4 , Giant Pack , 140 Countit leaks , and does not absorb as good as pampers . I wont buy it anymore
 I usually buy Huggies Little Movers for my 1 & 2 year old . They are wonderful . Well Amazon was out of stock of the Little Movers , so I bought these Snug & Dry . HORRIBLE . They have leaked out of them constantly , they do n't hold much at nighttime , the `` velcro '' tabs wo n't stay shut , they fall off when my kids are too active ... they are just bad . I will never buy them again !
 These diapers are way cheaper at sams club . Size 4 huggies you get 200 diapers for 37.49
 I purchased size 3 diapers in June 2011 , I noticed the packing was different and the inside of the diapers had a blue lining . The first inside pack of diapers was fine , but when I moved on to the second , the blue lining bled ink onto my daughters legs . This is had never happened before , and it was n't because the diapers were too wet , I change her very frequently . The dye was very hard to get off her legs . I switched to another brand , , which also had color lining , but it did not bleed onto the skin . I decided in October to give Huggies another try , I ordered size 4 . The first inside pack was fine , but when I switched to the second , the dye started to bleed again onto the skin . I do n't know what it is going on , but I will not be using Huggies until this problem is resolved , which is unfortunate because I really do like their diapers , but I do n't like my daughter having blue legs .
 We have been using huggies little snugglers and loved them . Never a leak and never diaper rash . Well , I tried the snug and dry for size three and there were always droplets of moisture when I removed the diaper and my daughter was always red . I bought a pack of pampers today and the redness is already gone and she has been much happier being dry . The product just feels cheaply made . Very dissapointing
 I know other moms that have n't had any problems but for me and my little guy , it is not the best . He leaks out if them the tabs break easily and he seems to get more diaper rash . They are less costly but you get what you pay for .
 We loved Huggies when we were buying them at Wal * Mart . They may say Huggies on the box and have the same Disney prints as the diapers from Wal * Mart but they are thinner and have less than 1/2 the absorbency.I do n't know if these are knock offs that are made for a different market or what , but these are almost unusable . These could barely handle pee let alone a full on poo diaper . Blowouts are EVERY poo now where they were 1 in 10 before.Switching to different brand when buying from Amazon .
 I love Huggies because of the leak guard on the back . I was using Pampers but was having problems with explosions out the back of the diaper . Someone gave us Huggies size 2 diapers -LRB- Snug & Dry -RRB- and they had a leak guard on the back that stopped a lot of potentially dangerous explosions . I was so happy to have had those diapers on a flight and I was singing Huggies ' praises to everyone I met.But I bought these size 3 Huggies Snug & Dry on Amazon and they do not have a leak guard in the back . They have the snug waistband , but not that extra guard , which was the ONLY reason I loved Huggies . Without that leak guard , I might as well get just about any other brand . I have had several leaks out the back now and only since opening this box.I checked on the Huggies website and they advertise that these diapers should also have the leak guard on the back ... so where is it ?
 If your baby does have sensitive skin , I do not recommend these ! My daughter -LRB- now 15 months -RRB- developed a HORRIBLE diaper rash wearing the size 4 diaper snug and dry . She 's never had a rash before - I am always careful about giving her bum lots of air and using Eucerin , frequent changing , etc. . They are a great price , super cute , but they do n't let a babies skin breath whatsoever . I switched diapers and viola , the rash was gone . My daughter does have very sensitive skin I should add and these diapers did prevent leaks . If your baby has some skin issues , I would recommend the Huggies Natural line - works great !
 I have tried several types of diapers . These are one of my least favorites . While they are not bad as far as protecting leaks . I do n't like the way the diaper looks once it is wet . It looks very uncomfortable to me and is rather hard . My son is always on the go and needs a diaper that moves with him .
 Tried this after using Pampers exclusively for 11 months on our daughter . Pampers was much better for her and we 're switching back . But giving a comparison like `` Pampers was much better '' is somewhat meaningless to you , as some brands of diapers seem to fit better on one child than on another.What I can say is that the Pampers we used -LRB- Pampers Swaddlers Diapers Economy Plus Pack , Size 3 , 174 Count -RRB- have 2 elastic edges on the baby 's thighs that help contain leaks . They 've not been perfect , maybe one leak for every 15 or 20 diapers , and only with # 2 blowouts . Huggies have 2 bands as well , but only the inner one is snug on her thigh . The outer rests gently on her skin , or just off it . Which I 'm sure was comfortable for her . Right up until fluids seeped out and down her leg . With 4 of the first 10 diapers we used.The Huggies padding feels much firmer than the Pampers Swaddlers , FYI . I do n't think this was the source of the problem , but I assume the Pampers would be more comfortable because of this.I did purchase a 36-pack of the same Huggies just to make sure this case was n't defective . Unlike another reviewer found in the uploaded images , they were identical.Hope this helps .
 After really loving Huggies Little Snugglers , I thought I would give these a shot once my daughter needed size 3 diapers . They 're cheaper than moving on to the `` Little Movers '' and I liked the convenience of Amazon Mom . With the 30 % discount they rivaled target generics in price -LRB- my favorite diapers ever -RRB- . Well , these diapers suck . Unfolding them is difficult because they are so stuck on themselves that it 's actually tricky to open them up before using them ! Several of them have structural integrity issues such that the little gel beads are easily escaping out of the diaper -LRB- there are holes in the paper that they are getting through -RRB- . Tonight as I had another issue with them I decided that I would just use up what I had and switch back to the target brand . Yeah , now I wo n't have them automatically show up on my doorstep , which I did love . But these diapers are crap for the price when you compare to some of the great generics out there .
 I was using another diaper but have used Huggies little movers in the past and have been very satisfies ... when i bought the Snug DRY i thought there would be no problem . I ordered the Size 4 which is a size larger than my girls technically are because Huggies tends to run small . I put the dipaers on at 11am and changed it at 1pm and one of my girls -LRB- the one with the more sensitive skin -RRB- had a HUGH BLISTER on her Butt Fold area and a rash around the waist band . I am very unhappy and called Huggies right away . They said they would refund me my money if I sent back the diapers . I am satisfied with their service but not the diaper . I do have to say that I have twins and one girl had no problem . . but if you have a baby/toddler with sensitive skin or any type of eczema - Do not use this diaper . Good Luck !
 Not the best diapers around the only 2 things that keep me buying over and over are the good Amazon Mom price and accumulating Huggies reward points . A cut better than Pampers - kinder on skin , unfragranced , and do n't sag as much - Huggies diapers I think are best on newborns till when baby is learning to walk , so they do n't sag and they hold a good amount of waste . I love the elasticized back that helps to contain less than solid poop within . However for toddlers , these diapers sag when a quarter full . The leg elastics are so stretchy they just give and give . Thankfully the side velcro tabs are n't that stretchy or the diaper will fall off as what I 've experienced with Pampers , these will only stretch so far and then it stops stretching .
 Even though these are labeled size 1 and 2 diapers , they are most certainly not ! They run very small ! It says up to 15 lbs but not the case . My 6 week old -LRB- 11 lbs -RRB- outgrew these and could n't use them . Labeling is very misleading !!!
 I have been using Huggies from the very beginning with our twin boys . Huggies from this seller have been staining their inner thighs blue . The blue discoloration only comes off after much scrubbing . We 've never had this problem before with Huggies :--LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 We 've been using Costco diapers for 18 months but got a good deal and could n't pass it up . I 'm sorry I did because these diapers leak . They have too much papery stuff around the edges and too little padded area to absorb pee . It 's also hard to get these put on correctly because there 's so much papery edging . I 'll never buy them again .
 Be careful when ordering the size 1/2 diapers . They are not as big as size 2 . My baby weighed 12 lbs , which is within the limits in the description , but they did n't fit . They would work better for a baby in size 1 . They were a waste of money because I ca n't use them . They 're good diapers if you get the right size .
 I thought I was getting a great deal but it was more than I had bargained for . Just as some had already stated - they leak . It 's pretty much a guarantee that the babies clothes would need to be changed when they wake . I read some of the reviews stating that they leaked , but I kept an open mind since I use nothing but huggies which are usually purchased at Costco . I thought , huggies diapers are huggies diapers - but the moment I opened up the package for a diaper change , I immediately felt the difference . These that I had purchased through Amazon felt and are a lot thinner than those from Costco . Do n't buy these unless you like changing the little one 's clothes when they wake in the middle of the night . Unfortunately I had purchased 3 boxes of the size 4 and ca n't wait to go through them .
 The huggies leaked through terribly , I had to put on to of them so that my son wont leak through every time he made .
 Our little guy has been a Pampers wearer since birth . We took a risk going with Huggies . Unfortunately the great price is n't enough to keep us buying . The first thing I noticed was the size ... smaller than size one Pampers . Secondly was the leaking . They just do n't hold the urine ! I expect to change blowouts that leak ... but todays diapers should hold daytime pee ! I am constantly changing diapers that leak ... with hardly any urine . So even though I bought a lot of diapers for a great price , changing so often makes the price negligible . For reference I have a long and lean little guy !
 These diapers have cheap elastic and do not hold the poop in . We constantly had blowouts and messes to clean up .
 I do n't know if this is standard or I recieved a bad box , but the seat of my baby 's pants is always damp ! Like the diaper is n't totally waterproof . We usually use Up & Up and have never had that problem . Aside from that , they fit him well and seem comfortable . I wo n't be buying them again though , and only use these for when I know he can be changed within an hour or so , otherwise he 'll need new pants .
 I 've raved about the Gigglastic in the past and truly thought Huggies made a quality product , but now I must change the assessment.With son # 1 , we fared well with Huggies and their Gigglastic waistbands . We had the occasional `` pee-through '' , but nothing out of the ordinary . However , over the past couple of weeks , Huggies has not been able to contain the poo or pee of son # 2 . The blow out he had in Barnes & Noble last weekend was incredible -- the poo ran up his back to his shoulders ... amazing ! Now , with each diaper change , we must change clothes as well . It defeats the whole purpose.Maybe the Gigglastic is better for the larger sizes . I do n't know . It 's unfortunate , because I want my son to giggle ... with these diapers , I 'm afraid it 's impossible .
 These are very poor quality diapers . I ca n't believe people actually buy these diapers and like them . Some how Huggies is making a generic quality diaper and selling them at a premium price . If you are going to buy these save yourself some money and buy the cheapest generic diaper you can find and I 'm sure it will be the same quality . First of all they are so hard and scratchy . The Disney design on them is just plain ugly and obnoxious and they have these big flap like things that hang out in the back of the leg gathering . It 's like they are to lazy to cut them properly . They have a really gross/wired chemical smell to them , at least Pampers takes the time to scent their diapers so they do n't smell like that . Worst of all they leak really bad . I constantly had leaks and blow outs . Since they are n't flexible at all my baby always had red marks on her skin from them . They are just terrible all around , do n't even waste your money on these . I have switched to Pampers Swaddlers and I 'm never looking back .
 When my son was born we tried every brand of diaper . We went through our `` Huggies '' pack very quickly because about every third diaper the tab would rip off . We even bought a second pack because we thought we may have gotten a defective bunch . The same thing happened . It 's a waste of money and also a waste of time . -LRB- Time is pretty precious when you are up every two hours or so with a newborn baby . -RRB- When I started to tell my sister about it , she cut me off and said `` let me guess , the tabs rip off , right ? '' Apparently her and her friends have all experienced the same thing . We settled with Pampers and I have n't lost a tab since . Stay away from Huggies if you do n't like throwing your money away .
 Not so much a fan of these diapers.At first I thought it was only because I had been using swaddlers and snugglers -LRB- a much softer diaper for such a tiny baby -RRB- and I was disappointed when I realized the snug n dry was not the same texture . But then I noticed a TON of blowouts . My husband and I went on a two week trip and we bought the pampers size 2 while we were gone and did n't have a single blow out . We came home and tried size 3 of the snug and dry -LRB- since i had heard a lot of blowouts typically means its time to change diaper sizes -RRB- and we were back to major blowouts with my daughter .
 I 've tried several different brands of diapers and these are NOT my favorite . They leak a lot , both urine and poo . The inner lining on these is stuck down and the diaper is not very well made in-general . -LRB- Found some reject diapers in each package -RRB- Pulling up the inner lining helped a little bit with leakage , but we still have leaking issues . I do n't recommend these unless you do n't mind having pee and poo leak everywhere . lol
 These are truly terrible . I 've tried numerous brands including Pampers , Target , and Kirkland -LRB- Costco brand -RRB- and Huggies are by far the worst offenders when it comes to leaks , usually on the backside . Even when fastened tightly , they sag quickly which causes leaks . My preferred brands are Pampers -LRB- on the expensive side -RRB- and the Target brand -LRB- inexpensive and keep baby dry throughout the night -RRB- .
 I got a box of these as a gift and was excited it had size 1 * and * size 2 . Like others , I found only size 1 's ! My baby is on the smaller side and still could n't fit in them once she reached 12lbs . I normally use Huggies Supreme , which I 'm fine with , but I wish they had these megapacks in Supreme and will never use the regular Huggies again -- they do n't hold as well and the elastic parts come off easier than Pampers -LRB- and Supreme -RRB- . If you want good diapers , you 'll have to spend a few bucks more -LRB- and less on diapers ! -RRB- .
 We loved Snug and Dry diapers until they updated to a new look . There 's two huge problems with the the new diaper - the cyan color transfers to clothing and we received more than one bad batch which just leaked right through . We noticed the `` bad '' ones are manufactured in 2010 and the ones we love are manufactured in 2009 . We could tell as soon as we opened the package that the diapers looked and felt different . Please return to the old diaper model ! We 're be switching to another brand until then .
 I have used Huggies for four years and two children and have been very happy ... until recently . The Disney Babies pattern is terrible . The dyes rub off on the baby 's clothing , staining onsies -LRB- and all else that touches the diaper -RRB- blue . It does not come off in the wash . You will ruin clothing with these .
 Always loved Huggies , but the ones with the bigger/brighter Mickey designs always left me leaky and wet diapers !! It 's extremely frustrating . I 'm switching to something else .
 I 've been using Huggies for a few years -LRB- with my first baby and now my second -RRB- . Recently , I 've noticed what look like blue bruises on my 18 month old baby 's thighs . They were pretty ugly looking , but they did n't appear to bother her . Upon further research , I found a lot of parents with the same issue posting in various online communities . The common denominator appears to be Huggies Diapers . The dye from these diapers rubs off and absorbs into baby 's skin . The dye does n't wash off in the bath and only comes off with rubbing alcohol . I wo n't be using Huggies anymore . Amazon was very accomodating and refunded me for my last shipment of diapers - great customer service .
 I have been trying different diapers for my son since he was born and is now currently 11 months old . These are by far the WORST diapers I have ever used . After the first couple of diapers leaked through I decided to take a poll on 10 diapers . 8 out of 10 leaked . Do n't waste your money ...
 Purchased these diapers to use for my 3 year old who only needs to wear a diaper at night . Usually buggies work just fine but these do not work well . 8/10 times he wakes up with wet clothes even though he hardly peed . I will not buy these again for night time use .
 These diapers are TERRIBLE . Every time my son would wear this diaper he would leak . And today what has inspired me to write this review is the massive blowout he had all over his car seat . These do not fit snugly on his legs even though he is well within the weight range for the size we have . The only reason he was wearing this diaper is because I got a free sample in the mail . Well the other ones are going in the trash !
 I have been using huggies for almost 3 yrs for my twin girls , but the latest one it felt different that a normal ... not sure why . they stick together way more than usual and have a rougher texture , and hard ... like they are of poorer quality . I hope they will change it , maybe more softness .
 I do n't know how many times I 've shouted `` I hate Huggies '' . Practically everytime my daughter has pooped . Everytime I would see that face , I would cringe and reach for the back of the diaper to try to contain the mess . No kidding , practically every time she pooped , it came out the back of the diaper and onto whatever she was wearing -LRB- and whatever was around that -RRB- . They were great for pee and overnight pee , but I should n't have to panic everytime I see her about to poop while she is wearing a diaper!Note also
 These diapers do the job just fine as any other diaper would , but the color from the print dye comes off on baby 's clothes and skin . The colors are so strong that they ruin clothes permanently -- they do not come off in the wash again . And who knows what 's in them that gets absorbed by the baby 's skin .
 I have a 2 yr old and an 8mo . old , so I know how hard it is to get out of the house to buy diapers -LRB- or anything else -RRB- . I bought these in a pinch , but you can get a much better price at Sam 's .
 Who says huggies dont leak.Well , i bought these diapers first time , and wasted my money , switching from Pampers.Not a single time the diaper could hold the poop . It leaked all the time.Pampers are the bestest.Even if you pay some cents extra for pampers , but you save the extra money on the laundary that you would have to spend if using huggies . They leak all the time .
 I do n't know what happened , but the last bunch of Huggies I bought were awful ! They leaked , they were thin , and very `` cheapy . '' Huggies were the only diapers I would buy . Amazon offers a a great deal on purchasing them , but the diapers have become very bad . I am disappointed . So , back to the Kirkland Costco brand , those are very good diapers . Too bad ... it was nice having them delivered to my doorsteps !
 These diapers are terrible in comparison to the huggies little snugglers or pampers . They are a rough texture on the outside which rubs up against my son 's legs . When he poops it comes out the sides or the back 9 times out of 10 . In fact , I 'm surprised when it does n't come out , that 's how often it happens . I have NEVER had that happen with other diapers . I realize babies have explosions up their back once in awhile , but not 90 % of the time . They feel cheap ... and I feel cheap putting them on my baby ! I might as well buy the store brands because they are cheaper and I will get the same results . These fit more like small size 1 's . Wish I never would have bought them .
 I recently decided to switch to Huggies for my 19 month old since the Pampers one fit her weird . But unfortunately the diapers caused a bad rash within hours of her wearing the diapers - she kept complaining of some itchiness down there and we ignored it in the beginning only to find her skin red bruise like later . I am going to stick to Pampers as they atleast are better quality !!
 I bought these diapers because I ran out the Nature Babycare diapers and was waiting for an amazon shipment . I bought them yesterday morning . I started noticing redness but not enought to call it diaper rash . But throughout the day it got worse . After nighttime , today in the morning , my girl woke up with a raw horrible diaper rash . I would NOT reccomend this diaper .
 I subscribed to a montlhly purchase because the price was really good . Even better than what we could get at Costco . My wife noticed that the diaper does not hold as much in them as the other brands . I 'm not saying that I do n't like them because we ca n't keep our kid in one all day ~ but if my son were to pee once AND poop then we are talking overflow here.To make matter worst , Amazon jacks up the price ALOT after a couple of shipments . Sorry , I do n't recommend at all !
 Well , go ahead and buy them if you do n't mind changing your baby 's whole outfit 3-4 times a day !! I am definately disappointed with these . They leak up the back and through the legs everytime my son poops . The reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 is only because the urine does n't leak . Unfortunately , I bought a ton of them when Amazon ran their Huggies $ 30 off $ 99 coupon . Take this mom of 5 's advice and spend the extra money on Huggies Supremes , or buy Luvs or Pampers instead . In my experience it is very rare to have leaks like this with the Luvs , Pampers or Huggies Supreme . These other brands have a much tighter fitting elastic leg band .
 These dipers leak too many times ... they seem to be comfortable , otherwise .
 Now we 've used Huggies with our oldest son who is 11 now and let me tell you , they are NOT the same quality anymore . Back in the diaper game with our 2 month old daughter . We got a pack of little snugglers for baby shower and used them first . Leaks all over including escaping poop EVERY TIME . Sure , we thought maybe going up the size will do the trick and last minute decided to go with Pampers Swaddlers which we LOVED . Grew out of size 2 and were very disappointed we could n't find Pampers Swaddlers in size 3 at any local stores . While shopping at Sam 's Club we saw a deal of huge 222 count pack and decided to go with it because it turned out to be 0.17 cent per diaper . Oh boy , what a mistake . You get what you pay for ! They are horrible before you even put them on the baby . Not sure if there 's such thing as spoiled baby bottom but these diapers are so stiff and feel like over processed recycling paper . They fill up -LRB- expand -RRB- faster than other brands because there is just no way our daughters urine output could have increased dramatically overnight . I 'm stay at home mom and change her quite frequent . I can not wait for these diapers to be gone so we can go back to Pampers .
 My husband got a 36 pack of Huggies Snug & Dry for about $ 9 at WalMart during our trip.They leaked two nights in a row . I had to put the baby through diaper changes and it took him 30 minutes to settle back to sleep , and I could not fall back asleep on one of the nights . It was very disturbing for a whole family during our precious vacation days , all because of the leaking diapers!These are neither snug , nor dry . I discovered the Target brand diapers at one of the forums , and after trying them out , I switched completely away from brand name diapers . Target brand are softer -LRB- even compare to premium Huggies - the Snugglers - which we used for several months in the beginning -RRB- , and do n't leak . And they are less expensive !
 I too , expected to receive both size 1 & 2 in this box , but I was disappointed to find only size 1 . I hope my daughter does n't outgrow these before we get to use them all .
 After some research and good recommendations , I ended up choosing Huggies brand diapers for my son . However , I will not buy Huggies diapers anymore . Their quality could n't compare to Pampers ' -LRB- at least to the Swaddlers ' which I have been using -RRB- . The Huggies diapers are very thin , hard and leaks quite often .
 Huggies leak every time . Last night for example every diaper change was a clothing and sheet change . I would rather buy a diaper that will save me time by not making me change EVERYTHING . Pampers fit my baby much better with much fewer leaks !
 The diapers feel nice and soft , but the gathers do n't go all the way around leg so they have a tendency to leak . I prefer the Pampers diapers because they fit a lot better than the Huggies . They also bunch up in the middle after he wets and look huge and uncomfortable .
 I do n't know what has happened , but ever since I switched my 2 year old son to size 6 ; he leaks through almost every night ! I have been a Huggies fan for all my children , but now I 'm thinking I should try something new . I thought that perhaps he was just urinating too much , but when I took it off there was n't really that much there ... not enough to leak like it did . He still sleeps with us and I 'm tired of constantly waking up next to a pee spot ! Maybe it 's a bad batch ... who knows .
 Love Huggies , but ... buyer beware . When the product description says `` economy '' , they mean it ! We 've used Huggies for the past 21/2 years and have been very impressed . We bought these thinking `` hey , this is a great deal . And they 're Huggies , so what can go wrong ? '' However , at least 1/3 of the diapers in the box were defective and the strip on the sides that attaches the diaper ripped , making them extremely expensive per diaper for those that actually worked .
 I usually LOVE these diapers and they are always great , but thisfirst and last order I got through Amazon , almost a third of them did n't have a tab on one side of them to secure the diaper to my child . I had to throw out a lot of unused diapers and frankly that really sucked because diapers are expensive and I do n't like wasting my money . I think I will steer clear of buying diapers from Amazon from now on .
 I usually use the &#34; Little Movers &#34; style for my daughter , but I thought I would try these to see if I could save a few bucks . Unfortunately , I did n't really like these diapers.Here are my issues : - Size for size - the Snug and Dry are a little larger than the Little Movers - Many more leaks w / the Snug and Dry - hardly ever any leaks w / Little Movers - Corse , hard , bulky and crunchy material as compared to Little MoversI will not buy these again - I 'm going back to the Little Movers as soon as this case is used up !
 These diapers are quite roomy and the design -LRB- it `` cups '' the bottom and the leg area , which I guess is an attempt to keep moisture from leaking which does n't work in my opinion -RRB- is a good concept . However , my major complaint is that the wetness is not absorbed evenly ; it is mainly absorbed at the front of the diaper , which creates a big lump on her front side , and the rest of the diapers is practically dry . This causes the wetness to work its way up and leak through the front and sides of her clothes.Another issue I have is the adhesive on the diaper . Apparently , Huggies makes the adhesive to only be used once . What I mean is that when you remove the straps to check to see if the diaper needs to be changed or not , the straps will not stick back on well , which causes leakage every where else such as the back and in the leg area because the diaper eventually loosens up as she moves . I think I 'll switch back to Pampers and see how that works out .
 I purchased the diapers size 4 for my daughter . The quality is very poor . She does n't even poop in them only occasional pees . And we do change her diapers very often . After a short wear , the inside will just tear apart and form different cotton knots . It is very disappointing !
 The material is comfortable but somehow it leaks a lot . We did n't have this problem with the other brand we also used .
 These diapers do not fit my daughter at all . They leak all the time . I much prefer the cheap brand from walmart .
 Not a huge fan of Huggies everytime I have bought Huggies I 'm changing my daughters clothes often because they leak . I get Huggies every so often cause of sales . I do n't know if because of the design or what but the diaper basically turns into a diaper wedgie . It just does n't seem to stay in place unlike pampers .
 once your baby pees a little bit more or use this diaper a little bit longer -LRB- about 3 hours -RRB- , the materials which are used to absorb water inside the diaper runs out everywhere , everytime.if you have a baby girl , that will be disasterdont buy it !
 I 've always used Pampers in the past for my girls and now with my son I am trying Huggies because of it 's shape which I thought would be a better fit . But there still are leaks sometimes and now there 's that dye problem others are complaining about . I 've used Huggies for my son since nb size and this problem just started with their `` new '' diaper . All my son 's clothing have the blue dye on it around the diaper area . I 'm trying Pampers again .
 Graphics transfer ink on my babies legs -LRB- twins -RRB- and stain clothing ... I wo n't be using these again . I thought it was an issue with a batch but its not
 I do n't really like these diapers very much , I wish that the swaddlers came in bigger sizes . They do keep her dry I just want the other ones .
 Just to clarify at the beginning , I have never had major problems with Huggies diapers , this review is more about Amazon 's service than the diapers . I received an unlabeled , small brown box addressed from the `` Amazon return center '' with a bunch of diapers haphazardly thrown in it . No original plastic bag , no Huggies original box ... I can not even be sure about the number of diapers I received ... -LRB- I was not going to count them -RRB- . I consider diapers personal hygiene items , like feminine pads , what would you say if you would get an opened box of those ??? I am very upset and returning the box as it is . Will probably not use Amazon for my diaper orders in the future , although it used to be so convenient .
 These diapers are extremely thin . I have ordered Huggies on line and have never received such thin diapers . The results have been extremely unfortunate for our 13 month old baby . We have to be certain to change her with greater frequency and she developed a nasty case of diaper rash due to our failure to do so . I usually buy Huggies based on the color of the packaging -LRB- as well as the recommended weight of the baby -RRB- . I thought the `` red packaged Huggies '' were the highest quality . I probably missed the fine print somewhere .
 They were really bad . . poop leaked out many times and it got really messy ... . it leaks from back-top and from sides.My baby is not a huge baby and specs says upto 14-15 lb , but side elastic leave marks on baby 's leg even when he was 12lb .
 I have been buying diapers for 12 years and I have never had a box with so many poor quality diapers . More than half the diapers were no good . The stretchy part was stuck to the diaper liner and would cause a hole in the liner . I also had a hand full where the pull tabs would pull right off ! Never again will I order them through a website .
 I HAVE BEEN A HUGGIES DIAPERS USER WITH BOTH OF MY CHILDREN , BUT NEVER HAVE I GOTTEN TWO ENTIRE BOXES OF CRAPPY DIAPERS . THERE IS ALWAYS THE OCCASIONAL DIAPER THAT HAS A MISSING OR TORN FASTENER TAB , OR MAYBE THE LEG ELASTIC IS STUCK TO THE INSIDE OF THE DIAPER , BUT I RECEIVED TWO ENTIRE BOXES OF THIS TYPE OF DIAPER . AFTER FIGHTING WITH THE FIRST BOX , -LRB- ONLY ABOUT HALF WERE EVEN USABLE -RRB- I STORED THE SECOND BOX IN THE CLOSET . WE TRIED TO CAREFULLY LIFT THE LEG LINER FROM THE DIAPER INSIDE LINER , BUT IT KEPT RIPPING AND SHREDDING THE DIAPER LINER , WHICH MADE THE DIAPER USELESS . WHEN THE TABS WERE MISSING , WE GAVE THEM TO OUR OLDER DAUGHTER TO PLAY WITH ON HER DOLLS.I DO N'T KNOW WHAT WE WILL DO WITH THE SECOND BOX , BUT FOR NOW , IT IS JUST TAKING UP CLOSET SPACE .
 5 years ago I used Huggies and Huggies Supremes for my oldest daughter . They worked like a charm and I never had a problem with them . I decided I would try Huggies again with my youngest . Huggies are n't like they use to be . The diapers leaked constantly both pee and poo . A leaky pee diaper ... no problem , wipe baby down , change jammies , sheets , etc. . Leaky poop diaper ... not so easy to deal with , stained clothing , poo all over the place , headache and hassle , specially if you happen to be walking around say a public place like Wal-Mart or the Mall . Needless to say we are n't using Huggies anymore ... Luvs seem to work just great ... have n't had a leak at all .
 These diapers are like paper . The material is so hard and rough compared to others I feel terrible putting it on my child 's rump . On top of being so papery , they have leaked every time I used them . I though huggies was a good diaper brand ... oh how wrong I was and now I have 400 diapers in the trash to show for it !!
 We 've used Huggies for ages and they were always the solid white ones with one small image in the front and -LRB- I think -RRB- a second very small image in the back . We signed up for the subscribe-and-save and every box is now this new version of the diapers -- it has blue and green circles all over it , even between the legs . I could completely care less what the diaper looked like , except that this ink rubs off all over my daughter 's thighs ! She looks like she has massive bruises ! It does n't come off easily either . I 'm so disappointed Huggies ! I 'm canceling this subscribe-and-save and I guess I 'll move over to Pampers .
 I had the same problem with these diapers as I did with the overnight diapers . Huggies changed their packaging as well as their diapers , and I am highly disappointed in the change . The previous diapers had very little dye in them , and they were a better quality diaper . The new diapers have so much dye in them that they leave blue coloring on my son 's white or light-colored clothes . My son had no problems with rashes with the other diapers , but he actually got a rash every other day that we used these diapers . We had bought these instead of Huggies Pure and Natural to save some money , but we had to go back to the Pure and Natural because these were so awful . Not so with the previous ` edition ' of these diapers . They were thicker , held more , had very little dye , and very rarely leaked . These leaked more frequently . I would not recommend these , but I would buy them again if Huggies changed back to the other ones or made these better quality .
 This was the first time I had ordered Huggies because of all of the positive reviews I had heard . This box , however , has been horrible . At least 2 out of 3 diapers I attempt to use are unusuable because they have holes in them . When a diaper is used with holes , it leaks everywhere . These have been the worst purchase of diapers I have ever had .
 I 've used hauggies before with my older one , and do n't remember having this problem.The diaper colors the clothes in blue/greenish color that does n't come off!Also , it 's quite a heavy diaper , and not so soft and flexible.From my experience with pampers sizes NB-2 , they were much better .
 I always use Huggies because I ca n't stand the strong odor I get from Pampers and everything 's been great , but it seems like the last two boxes I 've received from Amazon has caused weird pimple like bumps on my daughter . All the way up to her belly button . Has Huggies changed again ? She 's never had this problem until she moved into the bigger size . . Other than the rash , I always love the fit and no leaks.Plan on trying a different brand since I can allow my baby to have those itchy uncomfortable bumps : -LRB-
 I had a sample of Huggies Snug & Dry in size 3 and tried it on my baby . In 1.5 hours , he developed a rash with red , swollen skin . All he did was urinate . He never had a problem with Pampers sensitive swaddlers in sizes newborn through 3 .
 I am not sure if Huggies have changed their diapers from when my daughter was younger or what . I used them with her 7 years ago and had no issues . With my son it is a different story . They leak so much . I can change him and within 30 minutes they are leaking . It was very embarrassing when it happened at the DMV . I am almost to the point of throwing out the rest of my huggies and going back to Luvs . I gave Huggies a try since they were going to be the most economical . I typically buy Luvs . I am just tired of having to shampoo my carpets and change outfits on myself and the baby . I would say Huggies are comparable to the Kroger brand of diapers . I mentioned this to my neighbor and she too agreed that Huggies were very leaky . She has a girl . I feel cheated since I purchased such a large pack of diapers . Cheaper is not always worth the savings .
 I am sure the Huggies are alright for a little baby , but my 15 month old goes once in them and it is leaking down his leg . Sorry if its a little TMI , but I threw these things out . Not even worth trying to use them up - back to Pampers for me . Thats what I get for trying to save 5 bucks .
 I 've had a major rash problem with sizes 3 and 4 from this huggies brand . Be aware ... they will give your baby a horrible excoriating rash .
 When I use huggies my poor son smells like urine as soon as he wets his diaper just a little . I am not rich and prefer not having to change a diaper every hour if not sooner . The smell is awful . Every morning I also had to deal with leaks . These are the worst diapers . I use pampers and love them . I have also used the target diapers and like them . Both choices are sooo much better then huggies . The only reason I ever use huggies is because that seems to be THE diaper for gift givers . . lol I have a box in the closet now I will only use in emergencies .
 I am waiting for the diapers package , and it is still not been sent to me . My son will have no diapers now . This is a bad thing
 I have always prided myself in being able to put my kids diapers much better fitted than most of my friends.However , I have to say that this diaper leaks due to the `` giglastic '' band . This diapers are very skinny and do n't work for girls , maybe for boys it does since boys will mostly use the front area.Everytime that we buy that diaper we have to change the kids outfits and the sheets.Save yourself embarrasment and frustrations and buy the Pampers Cruisers . Is only about 1.00 more than this and is n't your kid worth it?Note
 These are , simply put , the worst diapers ever.My children have always used Pampers , mainly because that 's what the hospital started us out with and we had no problems so we stuck with them . But with two kids in diapers I started exploring cheaper options ... especially after Costco stopped carrying Pampers.Costco brand -LRB- Kirkland -RRB- diapers just did n't get the job done overnight . During the day they were ok , but if we left a child in them overnight , they would leak through . The diapers also did a poor job of controlling the odor of urine.So we turned to Huggies . I regret that more than just the money I spent . Huggies would leak after just three hours of wear . They seem to have absolutely no storage space for the urine and it just comes right through . You 'd almost be better with nothing on.Both of my children got an awful diaper rash from the Huggies , too . Only now , with a return to Pampers and lots of Desitin has the rash started to clear.Really , save your money . These are the worst diapers ever .
 I did n't really like these diapers compared to others . I 'm not sure what the difference really is but I feel that these diapers are not a great fit for my son . These diapers were given to us by a family friend who said they tried them on their daughter who is also 4 months old and they leaked on them .
 I previously used Pampers Swaddlers and Huggies Little Movers . But the only ones they had at Costco were Huggies Snug & Dry . I saw that the reviews for Snug & Dry on Amazon were decent and I figured they ca n't be too much different from Little Movers so I bought a giant pack . As it turns out that was a mistake . I do n't know what the difference between these and Little Movers is but they simply do n't last more than a few hours before starting to leak . That 's fine most of the time during the day since they get replaced frequently but it 's not acceptable for night time . And they do n't handle larger bowel movements well either . Sorry to say that I 'm very diappointed .
 My son is 10 months old . We have been loyal Pamper Swaddler Diaper users since he was born . When the price of the Swaddlers went up , I decided to give Huggies a try since they got such great reviews . I also know that Costco sells them and I love Costco 's products . After using Huggies for just a couple days , my son was wet at least 2-3 times a day . These diapers were horrible ! I am not talking a small leak , his pants would become saturated . I was very disappointed . Changing a fussy baby is not fun ! I will be going back to Pampers Swaddlers ... paying the extra $ 5-10 so my baby is happy and DRY !
 We should have known ... we 'll be sticking with Pampers . For some reason , Huggies run small and narrow in size and are n't as thick as pampers.We 'll use these -LRB- since we got on super sale -RRB- but if you 're a pampers person , do n't be cheap and go for huggies when they 're on sale . The two brands are SO different .
 I hate Huggies . Hate them . I did n't mind when my babies were little . The diapers themselves smelled odd , but whatever ; I could deal with it . As my kids got older and their urine output became greater , we had problems with leaks and the diapers splitting open . What a mess , with the innards getting everything.I would not recommend Huggies to anyone . They 're expensive and do n't work well . Try Luvs or explore different store brands . Besides Luvs , our favourite diapers are Parent 's Choice at WalMart .
 I have twins , so we go through a lot of diapers . Huggies are known for quality , but this box of diapers were horrible . I have bought about 12-15 boxes of various sizes from Sam 's club and they were of nice quality . The diapers would bunch up really bad and when I would change them , the diaper filling was all seperated . I was very disappointed with the quality of my online purchase .
 I have tried Huggies in the past and should have known better . I can buy ANY other brand of diapers for my kids with no problems , but we always have issues with Huggies . I have tried these with all 5 of my kids and we have always had issues with leaking out the sides -LRB- especially overnight -RRB- . I have learned my lesson and will not buy Huggies anymore .
 What a disappointment ! We thought this was good deal as we have ordered various Huggie products from Amazon before . Not this time ! Over half of the diapers only had on of the connector tabs to hold up the diaper . Took this box from a 140 count to about a 60 count .
 We were nervous that Pampers changed their diapers and read some terrible reviews ... so we switched to Huggies hoping to avoid the burns that people were talking about and the first diaper from this box that we put on my son left the most horrible looking burn on the inside of his thighs that is so painful to him he ca n't walk right . Today it is still red and swollen and scabbed over . Horrible horrible experience .
 These were not bad diapers in that they did n't leak , but whenever my daughter urinated the tiniest bit they stank like pee . Obviously I ca n't be changing her diaper every 20 minutes , so these diapers were a no-go . Pampers have much better odor control .
 Decided to order these as they were slightly cheaper than the Pampers and we 'd used the newborn Huggies at the hospital and liked them okay . These are nothing like those ! They are papery feeling , really rough and scratchy and yet plasticky , they hardly breathe at all . They 're somewhere between generic diapers and Pampers , although closer to generics . They work , but I hate putting her in them and refuse to put her in them overnight . I ca n't even imagine the damage they 'd do to crawlers !
 i loved huggies since day one that is all ive used . i had and still has great protection given the fact that he urinates alot . however a couple of months ago i noticed they changed the design on the diaper and all of a sudden my 10 month 's old son upper thighs started turning blue all the time and it doesnt come off even after a bath !!!! its ridiculous ! so i concluded the diaper dye of the design goes on his thighs . so i have unfortunately change the brand for that reason
 I decided to try and save a few bucks and switch to these diapers from my normal Earths Best . I was quite taken back when I saw the ink allover my sons onesies and shirts after only wearing a diaper for an hour or two . My son is 11 months and wears a size 4 -LRB- kind of big on him , but I found bigger is generally a safer bet anyhow -RRB- . I do diaper changes any time I notice it 's dirty or just kind of wet and has n't been changed in a bit - basically , what I 'm saying is it 's not like the kid was sitting in a super wet diaper for hours - yet the ink still leaked allover everything . I did n't really have any issues with leaking or blowouts , so that was a plus , but the fact that the ink leaks is reason enough for me to run back to my chlorine free , gentle Earths Best diapers in an instant ! I recommend spending the few extra bucks if you can and go with a better brand .
 I have a 14 year old , an 11 year old and a 2 year old . I have ALWAYS used Huggies diapers , hands down the best ... UNTIL my last two shipments . I had trouble with the entire case . The closures didnt stick and kept coming loose , every diaper sagged and leaked , -LRB- and I ALWAYS change my son every few hours because he drinks alot in this southrn heat -RRB- I even tryed a bigger size , figuring maybe even thugh he fits in the 3 , his bladder may just hold too much for a 3 but no change with the 4s either . I have also had the same problem with the Huggies overnights . I was so unhappy with this recent purchase that I switched to the Fisher Price brand diapers , which are ALOT cheaper , come with 2 bags day and 1 bag overnight diapers and I have had no problems with closures , sagging or leakage from any of them . Consider me an EX-customer . Whatever you changed , Huggies , please change it back or I think you will continue to lose customers .
 The material of the actual diaper is hard to touch and it falls off easily , there is not enough grip .
 Huggies changed their design and these diapers leak all the time . The absorbent fill material inside the diaper bunches up and the pee leaks right through ! I was so happy with the Snug & Dry before they changed them .
 This is the second time that I have received the 156 count Huggies Size 3 diapers for my child . The box was a bit torn and crushed on one end . It seems that the manufactured date for the diapers is way in the past since I can see a notable difference in quality between the stuff I received the first time and the second time . The absorbent material seems to come out and stick to my child 's skin after just a couple of hours of use . The diapers are all sticky and not so easy to unwrap.In short , I am disappointed .
 These leak a lot and the plastic irritates my babies skin and they smell like chemicles .
 I can not express how diasppointed I am with these diapers . These is the second or third box I have received that has been what I consider defective . The adhesive tabs rip off so easily and are put on backward so you have to twist the sticky tab to get it to work . This morning I tried to use two separate diapers and the tabs ripped off the diaper completely and were unusable . I will never ever purchase another box of huggies . The quality has gone down considerably in the past couple years !
 I like the fit of these diapers over pampers bc they have a higher leg cut and cinch in the back but on more than one occasion the clear beads that absorb the moisture were all over my little guy when I changed his diapers.Back to pampers for us ... that has never happened with his pampers
 I 've tried about half a dozen dif ' t diapers in the last 6 months , and this was my favorite -LRB- until I tried Nature 's babycare recently -RRB- until I received this new box and the diapers are completely different . The previous diapers were a nice , well-padded , white interior -LRB- so presumably some kind of fiber -RRB- . These are much thinner and filled with a blue gel substance . NOT A FAN ! They are still absorbent and did not result in any leaks in the few I tried , but I am not comfortable using a chemical based gel on my baby . Will not be using anymore !
 I will never buy these diaper again ! First , a couple days after I started using these diapers , my daughter had strange bruising on her inner thighs , which really freaked me out . Come to find out , the ink from the diaper rubbed off onto her skin , and pants , causing the look of bluish/yellowish stains on her inner thighs , and blue stains on the inside of her pants . Secondly , the diapers are very rough and stiff . I loved the Snugglers , but they only go up to size 2 , and we are now in size 3 . Beware of the ink !!! It really scared me that I thought my baby girl had bruising on her inner thighs ! I almost took her to the doctor .
 These diapers from amazon are total junk . We are not sure what they have done . The reduction is quality is clearly to increase margins . They have no elasticity , they have reduced absorbtion and just overall feel cheap . Dont buy from amazon . Get them from your local store .
 I honestly do n't know how anyone can give these a good review ! Well , I guess if you were only using them during the day you could . Anyway , I use cloth diapers but have been using disposables for overnight . We have always used Pampers but just had to replenish our supply and I saw a good deal on these and went for it . Every night we 've used these , my son has leaked all over . About half of the time he is SOAKED , like all up and down the front of his pjs , the sheet , blanket , mattress pad ... everything . Disaster . With Pampers we occasionally had small leaks but nothing close to this , and I even went a size up now due to my son 's weight so I figured they 'd definitely be more absorbent . Nope ! I think the problem is that the legs seem to be cut REALLY high . I noticed this when I first put them on . My son is pretty chunky too and they still just did not work at all . To be fair , we have used a few for regular day wear -LRB- a few hours -RRB- and they worked fine . But we primarily need them for night time . I would NOT recommend these diapers . I 'm returning the rest because they are worthless !
 The Diapers are fine but Amazon is using subscribe and save to rip you off . A month to month bump in price of $ 5 for these diapers is ridiculous and not reflected in the marketplace at large . Bad business .
 There were so many defective diapers inside the pack . Most of them had gotten stuck by glue , making it non usable . I had to throw away many since the glue mark on the inside of the diaper was hard enough to cause my baby blisters . I have been using huggies since my baby was born , never had such a problem !
 this product was poorly made , my daughters legs were turning blue from the dye in the diaper . It would wash off after scrubbing with soap and water . it also caused her to get a diaper rash so bad we had to make a trip to the Dr. who immediately prescribed medicine for her . This product is NOT made for babies that are sensitive to rough materials .
 Just tried this diapers from Amazon . the ink from the diapers stained my baby skin that making it look like a bad bruise . it looks darker and darker until i found out it is from this diapers . Either Amazon sold me defective or counterfeit diapers .
 Just noticed the price went up $ 6 on this subsribe & save since 2 weeks ago . Not much more than the instore value at this point . Some notice would have been nice .
 I 've experienced big problems with Huggies . I have an 11 month old daughter and we recently received several boxes of Huggies as gifts . I did n't put it together at first when she got the rash , I thought maybe we just needed to change her more frequently , but I had my suspicions it might be the diaper . We switched back to Pampers and her rash went away -LRB- with the help of nighttime Desitin -RRB- . We were about to give the Huggies away and the frugal part of me said ... let 's give them one more try . The diaper rash came back immediately . Our baby girl is very hearty and has n't been allergic to anything yet , so I was surprised she had that reaction . We have n't had any trouble with Pampers or Kirkland . I hope this helps other parents who are battling diaper rash and might be using Huggies . I think every child is going to react differently , but I have n't read of too many parents having issues with Pampers at all ...
 Not the previous one ! I must change the diaper in the midnight . If I do not change the diaper it will leak and make Baby One Piece Sleeper wet . So terrible !
 So our 8 month started using these diapers . We figured why not as we had two huge boxes from some nice family members . I have not seen my baby girl in more pain than after the extreme epic rash she gets from these diapers . Happened at night . Baby would n't sleep , and would go into hysteria every 10 min . We thought it was her teeth . Fast forward to daylight , we are changing her diaper , and see a craze swollen rash on her bottom . Baby is also scratching herself in the spot , she know it hurts there . Switched diapers , baby fell asleep within 10 mins .
 I despise these diapers ! They give my daughter horrible rashes . I love Huggies but these do n't seem to be the same quality as the Little Movers and Little Snugglers .
 Not easy to use ... would not `` self '' stick . Very difficult to peel ... when able to peel , would not peel in whole sheet , kept breaking and splitting ... would never purchase again ... very dissatisfied ... could not use !!!!
 i loved it and it lasted maybe 6 months and then my 19 month old son broke the strap to that is used to rest his feet on . Now what am i supposed to do with it ???
 We 've got the Jeep Liberty all terrain stroller and absolutely adore it , so when we were needing an umbrella stroller , this was a natural choice . We were shocked when we brought this one home and discovered the wheels do n't roll properly . We got it from BRU , and the floor sample had the same problem . We were so confident in the company we figured it was just messed up by so many customers handling it , but got home and took our brand new one out of the box and discovered it had the same problem.There are two wheels on every leg of the stroller , and only one touches the ground and they do n't roll freely , nor do they pivot with turns ... it felt like we were pushing a broken shopping cart , with one wheel turned the wrong way no matter what we did.I `` m incredibly disappointed , and just wanted to warn other folks out there about this.Otherwise , it 's really compact , with a nice seat , three point harness and relatively light weight and if it were n't such torture to roll around , it would be a great stroller . No storage compartment -LRB- basket -RRB- on the model we bought.good luck
 I purchased this stroller about 6 months ago for my then 12 month old son . It was a decent stroller for the price . However , this past week , my son , now 18 months , was sitting in the stroller when the seat fabric ripped . The rip was down the side of the seat causing my son to fall backwards and into the hole in the fabric where his head became lodged . I had to literally cut the rest of the seat off in order to get his head out of it . Thankfully he is fine , minus a cut on his ear . I , of course , was not so fine and promptly called Kolcraft upon returning home . They were non-apologetic and could have cared less about my son 's safety . After some badgering , they offered to send me a new seat . No thanks , I 'll find a new stroller ...
 I bought this for my 13 month old son who is quite big for his age thinking it would be a breeze to get in and out of the car . It is nice and light and folds up super easy but my boy is too big for it . He squishes in and if he squiggles forward he can actually walk and pull the stroller behind him ! The sun canopy just got in the way of the easy folding so I took it off the first day I used it . The cup holder is great and the bag could hold your keys . I probably would n't recommend it to a friend because it is small but I have never tried any other umbrella strollers , maybe they are all small . It is cute and I like the blue .
 Instruction Manual indicates stroller can be folded with canopy closed , but not removed . When we tried that , the canopy bracket could not hold under the tension and the canopy whipped into my wife 's face . We contacted Kolcraft to request advice . We were advised that the Manual was written to cover a variety of models , and our particular model should not be folded with the canopy in place . This advice came AFTER my wife was injured.We returned this shoddy product for a refund and suggest others follow our lead in avoiding all Kolcraft products . The extremely unsafe Kolcraft practice of publishing instruction manuals that do not match product features will not injure another member of my family .
 I 'm really surprised that this stroller got such good reviews . From the first day we bought it it was super hard to push . It felt like the wheels were stiff or something , and it was tiring to go for a walk with it . Then three days after we bought it it got a major tear in the fabric behind my baby 's back ! We had to drive an hour to take it back to the store where we bought it .
 We bought this stroller because it seemed like a good , middle of the road , umbrella stroller . It was n't the freebie one , but it also was n't over $ 100 . I should not have wasted my money . First of all , this stroller is NOT for tall parents . You will constantly be kicking the wheels and hunching over to push the stroller . I am 5 ' 9 '' and my husband is 6 ' 2 '' . I can barely stand to push it , and my husband would rather carry our daughter for miles than push this thing . Secondly , the material is flimsy . After only a few months of sparse usage , it started to tear right by by daughter 's shoulders . A month or so later the holes were so big that I did n't feel safe putting her in it anymore . I sucked it up and bought a Britax Blink for $ 69 on another website . It is amazing how much better that one is ! They do n't even compare .
 Unfortunately we had to send this item back as the tray did n't snap in and the seat did n't adjust to all three levels -LRB- only 2 -RRB- as promised . On a good note - Amazon was fantastic about handling the return and getting a shipping refund back to us right away .
 Beware ! The dimension on Amazon is 53 x 32 x 6 inches . However , it 's actually 52 x 27.5 x 6 inches according to MDB 's website . The correct dimension is shown in one of the product images though .
 The crib is fairly nice and fits together very well , but I had a few issues with this bed . First the finish is not a true espresso finish . Not compared to our other furniture that is espresso finish . Second the hardware that holds the mattress is very noticeable after the crib was assembled . Big metal brackets are attached to the sides of the front legs and sticks out like a sore thumb .
 I bought this bed for my granddaughter thinking it would grow with her and be worth the investment . First , I was surprised how soft the wood was ... my granddaughter was found biting off pieces . I had to tie a blanket over the top edges to keep her from eating wood . Second , the screws stripped out of tne sides when she jumped on the bed in a fit -LRB- did n't think it was time for bed -RRB- . Of course this broken side piece is a required part in the growth of the bed . My granddaughter is now three and in a new bed .
 I had high expectations due to the positive reviews . This thing is a piece of junk . I tried to hook the mobile on it and the wood made an awful crunching sound and dented . The slightest touch or bang and this thing will scratch and dent so be careful . I 've only owned it 3 months , have not yet even used it , and it already looks awful . Not to mention the screws are all exposed . Its an eyesore . There is no way I am going to be able to convert it to a bed when my son is older , it will be too scratched and dinged . I am so disappointed :-LRB- For my next child I will be purchasing a more expensive brand made with real wood . You obviously get what you pay for . : -LRB-
 I ca n't actually comment on the assembled crib itself since there were multiple pieces missing from the box and I 'm still waiting for all of the pieces to arrive . Several weeks ago I started assembling the crib and found that the lock washers were not included in the package . I wrote the company and they sent lock washers which arrived a couple of weeks later . Once they arrived , I again tried to assemble to crib , only to find that the mounting brackets were missing . I guess I should have checked to make sure all of the parts were there when I first discovered the lock washers were missing , but I assumed the chances that multiple items would be missing were zero . I wo n't buy from this company again .
 The crib 's wood has many scratches , indentations , tears on arrival , even before we started to use it.It was hard to put it together . It is also difficult to see the baby in the crib as railings have bold parts .
 This crib was great at first . Then at three month my baby started to roll . I tried putting the bumpers in , but they would not fit , so we were going to try to fix it . I put my son in the crib while I went to the bathroom and when I came back out his leg was stuck in between the wooden slates up to his thigh . I could not pull his leg out , so we tried pulling the slates apart trying to bend the wood to shimmy his leg out , but it did not work and he was screaming in pain and panic . To finally get him out we had to pull one of the wooden slates until it actually broke off in order for us to get his leg out . Fortunatly for us he was not actually harmed any any way . We have not put him back in this crib . The slates should not be wide enough for a little baby 's limbs to get stuck and then the end slates be so wide that the bumbers do not fit . This is an unsafe crib .
 I have been researching cribs extensively . There is alot of misinformation on the internet including information stating that Davinci cribs are made in the USA . Davinci cribs are made by the company Million Dollar Baby . I contacted MDB for information on where the cribs are built . Their response was as follows : '' Thank you for your interest in MDB . Our furniture in manufactured , under the highest standards in Taiwan and China . Please keep in mind , all juvenile products are required by federal law to abide by the rules of the CPSC in order for them to be sold to customer . All of our cribs are manufactures to comply with the federal guidelines and standards set forth by the CPSC , as well as the ASTM . '' Unfortunately I purchased a Davinci mini crib prior to acquiring this information . I do n't know that this company is any better that others who manufacture product in china.Hope this information is helpful to others looking for a safer crib
 We bought this crib for my mother 's home and it has been an absolute nightmare to put together . For my own home we bought Pottery Barn Kids ' Brookfield crib and it was MUCH simpler . It 's definitely worth the extra dollars to buy a crib that is easier to build to save the hassle and headache .
 We loved our Kalani as a crib and toddler bed . We never had a problem with scratches , there are a few but it is to be expected . And we love the style and got a lot of complaints . But as a full size bed not so much . We have a gap between the mattress and the foot board about 4 inches wide . We stuffed the toddler bed in the gap because we feared our little boy could fall in the gap and get hurt or worse . We contacted MDB and they said this is the first they have heard this . first they were saying the mattress was maybe too short . But we have the same mattress for our daughters convertible crib not -LRB- MDB -RRB- and it is a perfect fit . So now instead of just sending new rails that would fix the problem they are wanting me to take pics of the rails , measure the rails -LRB- which I sent ASAP -RRB- and now they want me to disassemble the bed -LRB- take the very heavy mattress which is tempurpedic off -RRB- to get serial numbers . They are being difficult and are not going to move forward until I get the serial numbers for them . To say the least I am extremely disappointed with the customer service I am receiving from MDB . I would not recommend this crib to anyone .
 Just received this crib yesterday . First of all , the box had split open and the pieces were all falling out on my porch . Secondly , the color , honey oak , looks more red than anything ... the color is nothing like the picture depicted . It 's still a nice crib , but if I had to do it over again , I would just go to the store and find one . If it was n't so big and heavy , I would pack this up and ship it back .
 We bought this crib to take it overseas . At first it seemed like what everyone else thinks about it - stable , heavyset , sturdy etc.After moving once -LRB- taking it apart and remounting it -RRB- , the side panel literally started falling apart around the screws ' holes -LRB- both the bigger ones as well as the smaller standard cruciform head ones -RRB- . Turns out its massiveness is only apparent . In fact this bed is made of grade C particle chipboard . After unscrewing and remounting it a couple of times , say to lower the bottom as your child grows , you will find that this bed is really a cheap , low quality piece of furniture that just looks impressive.Fellow parents - stay away from this one .
 It 's a nice looking crib , at a really nice price . We were looking at options that cost twice this much at other stores . It seems sturdy , and we really like the tall back and wood finish.Sadly , one of the parts , the `` Part L Barrel Nut '' , was defective . There were several `` Part L Barrel Nuts '' that came with the crib , and several screws to fit with them all . All screws fit perfectly with all but this one defective nut.The crib arrived with no extra parts , so one defective piece puts construction on hold.I called Amazon , hopeful that they would mail me the defective piece . Rather than sending me a 2-ounce part to fix the problem -LRB- because , other than this one annoying piece , we really liked what we had -RRB- , they preferred to instead have me tear the whole thing down , put it all back in the box , drive it out to my local UPS drop box , and mail the entire thing back for either a replacement or a refund . That ca n't be the most cost-effective way of doing business , and it certainly is n't the most convenient for me , the customer.Fortunately , it 's a small/simple part , and we were able to go to Lowes and for about $ 1 find a suitable replacement . But the action/responsibility to fix the defective part , short of boxing the entire thing back up and mailing it back , was on me , not Amazon . That frustrated me.Just be aware that their are no `` spare parts '' here , so if you get a defective piece/part , you 're in for a similar experience . Otherwise , it 's a sharp looking piece of furniture , it feels sturdy , and it comes at what I felt like was a very good price .
 I could n't disagree more with most of the reviewers . I purchased this crib , due to the fact that the crib I was using up to this point for my 16 month old , Simplicity Ellis 4-in-1 was recalled . I purchased this crib as I thought the finish would go well with the cherry changing table from Simplicity . While the finish is nice when you take it out of the box , it is ridiculous how easily the finish gets scratched . But what bothers me the most is the EXPOSED HARDWARE on all four sides of this crib ! The hardware that adjusts the height is slapped right on the side of the crib , and it looks absolutely terrible . Whoever designed this crib was really off in putting this hardware where you can see it from ALL angles . If I could re-do this , I would NOT have purchased this crib . I have to say my Simplicity crib looked MUCH more expensive , the wood was thicker and more substantial and there was no visible hardware . Of course , ca n't say many other good things about the SImplicity as it could have hurt my child ! But if we were talking looks ONLY , this one doesnt even come close .
 I put this crib together exactly how it was supposed to be put together and in the middle of the night , with my baby in it , the part holding the screws broke and the mattress fell to one side . My baby rolled into the corner and was pinned to the side . This is a horrible crib .
 The instructions are awful . Nothing was labeled so it was a guessing game to try and put it together . There were no plugs to put in screw holes to cover them up either . Once all put together it is a nice crib , but we will never purchase anything from Davinci again .
 This was the worst piece of furniture I have ever assembled in my life . I actually destroyed part of it in a fit of rage trying to get the machine bolt to fit into the barrel nut to assemble the frame of the crib together . Now I am out the cost of the crib and need to go buy another one . Even for those who are used to putting furniture together , prepare to lose your mind with this one . Got to love the geniuses who design these things and have obviously given no consideration the the mental health of the poor parents trying to put the stupid thing together . Buy this product unassembled = anneurism during assembly .
 2 years ago i bought something virtual identical -LRB- Stork Craft Tuscany 4-in-1 Stages Crib , Espresso -RRB- and it was only $ 175 . really , it 's just pieces of wood made by sweatshop workers . also the bottom of the front piece is too high off the ground and my toddler managed to crawl in a couple of times but not able to crawl out . this is not a problem with the stork craft crib .
 This review wo n't be useful to those wishing -LRB- of course -RRB- to know about the product , but I had to write . I bought this item right off the Amazon Mom 's Promotional page promising a 20 % discount . Every item in my order but this one was discounted ! Now , I ca n't find a way to contact Amazon about this and am out more than $ 40 .
 Crib comes with NO mattress or parts necessary to make it a 4 in 1 crib . All are extra . Shipping costs are almost 50 % of the price . Buy at Kids Are us and save the money and trouble.Don ' t buy here , get help with what all is needed to use as advertised .
 I would say Stay away from this crap ... really do n't know where those good reviews come from.Couple things makes it horrible
 Simply put , this is a VERY DANGEROUS bed to buy and it is not what we had hoped for . The sides of the bed are VERY SHARP , SQUARE , and HARD . To prevent my baby from banging his head and knocking himself out , we had to wrap both sides of the bed in queen sheets -LRB- looped in between the slats -RRB- to buffer the impact . Also , it is not as tall as pictured ... this was my fault for not paying closer attention to the measurements . PLEASE compare the dimensions to other cribs to get an idea of the height . The height is great if you are a shorter person or not healing well from a C-section . We purchased the DaVinci Parker for our first child and LOVED it -LRB- wood is a little soft though -RRB- and thought this would be another perfect buy . It was too much of a hassle to return , so we made it work with the sheets . This bed should not be sold or redesigned to make curved sides .
 I originally bought the simplicy ellis for my first daughter , after legal issues , the company went out of business , therefore , I could n't get the same one for my second daughter . I quickly went to work finding a similar one since I loved the simpliciy ellis crib . I finally found the Davinci kalani crib in espresso . It looked beautiful and the reviews were good . We went for it . The color was great , the set up was easy enough , but after it was put together , my husband confessed about accidentally scratching it while assembling . I was sad , but figured it was a one time deal . Now a year later , the side is completely scratched from my daughter 's biting , the front is scratched from my pants brushing up against the rail to put the baby down , and other little scratches from ANYTHING that comes near it . The wood is so extremely soft that I guarantee it will get scratched . I seriously doubt we 'll convert it into a full bed in the future since it will be in no condition to do so . I am highly dissapointed , it is not worth the money .
 While this crib looks beautiful and is very sturdy , the wood is so incredible soft that it scratches very easy . Not only is it hard to assemble without causing nicks and scratches in the wood but once you put your child in it you can kiss the nice look goodbye . Our 1-year old no longer chews on things and puts things in her mouth but one day rested her mouth on the edge of the crib , not even gnawing on it , and now the finish is stripped and there are dents in the wood . It is a shame because this is a great looking crib and seems to be fairly good quality but the wood is way too soft for this to be a practical material for a child !! The idea that you can keep this bed for years to come is a farse because by the time your child is old enough for the full-size bed the wood will be so scratched and dented that you will want to replace it !
 This is a gorgeous crib . No doubt . I received it in A-1 condition.But , I do not understand the comments that I 've read how it 's so easy to put together . It 's an absolutely HORRIBLE design . And it takes forever to assemble !! The ` long ' screws were not long enough . After an hour of trying to jam the screw in to make contact I gave up . I got my own screwsand it worked fine . Plus the way it 's designed , the ` thread ' you put into the whole for the screw to catch is constantly turning so you can never easily screw the lousy screw in . I used my own screws and threw the others away . Plus the sides are n't labeled A B or C , etc. . So the directions say to connect side A to side ... Where 's A ? It 's not labeled ! You 're guessing . And if you guess wrong and those defective screws tie you up you 'll end up throwing the thing out the window . I finally got it together and it looks great . But , do n't let those comments , ` My husband put it together in 20 minutes ! YAY ! ' sway you . You 'll be cursing for at least 20 minutes.Maybe I received defective screws or a lazy factory worker put in the wrong hardware . But , it was nothing less than a nightmare !
 We bought the crib for our Feb 11 baby and have used it less than 50 hours because of cosleeping . We recently turned it into a toddler bed and within 2 weeks the metal plate has separated from the wood . This crib has had little use and is now useless to us .
 I got the crib and the hardware was missing . I had to wrap all the pieces again , pay for a box to ship it box . Got the replacement crib 2 days later and hardware is missing again . This time i went to home depot and pay extra for buying screws . Huge hassle and waste of time !!!
 I expected the product to be lot more sturdy . I purchased based on the reviews posted earlier , however I was a little disappointed with the sturdiness of the crib . It is definitely good looking and get VERY easily scratched . By the time I was done with the assembly it had a lot of scratches . Little disappointed with the product .
 The crib is solid enough and fairly easy to install , however , the front rail is fixed so low that it is impossible to slide anything underneath to store it . For example , we have another crib that we store boxes of diapers and wipes underneath . Look at the clearance on the lower front frame , you ca n't slide anything more than like 5 inches underneath ...
 This is not worth the price . It feels extremely unstable after assembly . Very delicate item and not very handy .
 This product is not recommended for purchase . The piece we bought broke while assembling . The bottom board is very thin almost as thin as a clipboard . The mattress that comes with it very thin and the manufacturer does n't recommend a heavier mattress because the bottom board is so thin.The paint chips very easily . I think in a few weeks the cradle will appear very used.We returned the item , as it broke right away.Amazon has a good return policy and we were refunded our full amount . Amazon paid for return shipping . But we still had to undergo the hassel of repacking and taking it to UPS .
 I purchased this product.It is not stable at all.My wife moved the cradle with one hand and it fall down.Thank G 'd my son was on her hands and not on the cradle.If you take a look of the proportions you will noticed that the legs are thin and the box is big.In order to have the main part stable there is a metal that you insert on one leg but the other leg , on the other side has no metal so if you move the main part on that leg it falls .
 I own two standard size DaVinci cribs
 Positives , cradle is easy to put together and it gets the job done for the baby to fall asleep . . Negatives it is very flemsey when I would rock the cradle I realized the screws on the bottom of the legs were always coming Loose causing it to be flemsey and I had to tighten it all the time . I ended buying nuts to put on the bottom 4 screws so it would n't get loose and stay tighten , so far so good it 's still a little flemsy but it 's way better then how I had it before . I would of thought it be way better for the price i paid for it but oh well , like I said gets the job done .
 I got this one for my little one and am not happy with it . This is so thin and delicate and am sure it is not going to last long . But exceptional service by Amazon , they deliverd it on 2nd day . Shipping so fast .
 bought extra expandable for growth option and does not expand . this crib is just the right size for newborns.but the option that you can make it into a bed does not exist.no support or contact information to assist with this . otherwise decent rocking crib.further . rocking stopper item does not match the installation sheet . it looks completely different and can not install . instructions are not thorough enough !
 The product is made from really mediocre quality and scratches very easily . I would not recommend this item to others , i should have paid little more to get a better quality product . The mattress that the crib came with is just horrible .
 Just wanted to warn other parents that a few of the claims in the product desciption seem to be a bit of a strech.First of all there is no indication that the crib is JPMA certififed , and calls to JPMA could n't confirm the certification for this specific mini-crib . MDB says the mini-crib meets CPSC standards , but it has to by law in order to be sold . It concerns me that their claims for JPMA certification ca n't be verified.Secondly and a big issue for a lot of parents - the product is not made from all hard wood - the centerboard is made entirely of MDF . While the MDF used meets California 's Stage 1 ACTM criteria , that only requires manufactures to reduce formaldehyde emissions to 0.21 ppm . If there was no resins emitting formaldehyde used in the crib , MDB would certainly be claiming that in their actual packaging rather than only in the sales materials cited here.Just an FYI - the mattress pad is polyurethane covered in vinyl.I wish that I had known all of this before buying and thought it might be helpful for other folks to know in advance !
 We purchased this bank for my son 's first birthday and it sits on his tall dresser -LRB- out of his reach -RRB- . It is 1.5 years old now and I walked in today to find that one of the legs has broken off the plane . This is something that is not played with at all and he puts our spare change in the bank each evening before he goes to bed . I called R&B customer service and was told that the plating was the only part of the bank covered under the warranty . We are shopping for another company to purchase a keepsake bank for my son now . Very disappointed in Reed & Barton .
 They are super soft but as I opened them up to toss them in the wash before using I had 3 diapers that the snaps just popped off and flew across the floor . I would hate for my toddler to put broken snaps in her mouth . Besides , $ 18.50 is a lot for a diaper that seems thinner that I expected and snaps wont last . These might carry the Bummis name but once you get them -LRB- and u can see it in the Amazon picture , look closely -RRB- the little blue tag says TotsBots which is in the UK and they do n't make any diaper I have tried that is any good . USA made diapers are much better and WAHM make much better diapers . I will stick with Ebay and WAHM 's diapers . What a waste of money for 5 diapers here !!!
 I must say that I will never buy another piece of furniture from Amazon again . The order took a week to ship and when received it looked as though it was not packaged properly . Pieces where just moving around in the box . The headboard had a split in the wood ; which I decided just to glue down instead of waiting another two weeks . Then got half way putting the thing together and noticed the holes on the leftside did not line up . Decided to drill the holes myself and finish putting it together . Very frustrating since this was the second piece of furniture that we bought from Amazon that had problems .
 No , not cheap cheap like a baby bird . Cheap cheap as in worst than that mid-90 's `` European furniture super store '' cheap . The back board you see in the picture was broken when I took it out of the box . Seriously , I would n't be surprised if it was made of balsa wood and no thicker than a regular card board box . It is definitely tiny too -- barely any ground clearance . Even if it was n't broken , I would n't have felt safe placing my toddler in it . I sent it back and did n't ask for a new one -- just a refund please .
 This bed is nice looking and works ok -LRB- I 've had to retighten all the screws after some use -RRB- , but the wood is so soft that ANY banging on it leaves a mark . You have to be very careful during assembly not to scratch and dent it . And , my toddler -LRB- who is n't too wild -RRB- has left lots of marks all over it.It is not worth paying a premium for the fact that it is convertible to a full sized bed since it will be pretty beat up by the time it gets to that point . I wish we had spent half as much on a toddler bed and then just gotten a bigger bed when we needed it .
 This conversion kit included the Roxanne model as one of the models it could fit . Unfortunately , that is not the case . The Roxanne model has a drop down side and therefore has hardware in place of the holes the rail is supposed to screw into . The color matched and the quality of the rail seemed fine . As long as the correct model crib is what you 're trying to fit it to I 'm sure it would be suitable for a transitioning toddler .
 this bed rail can not be attached to a regular bed . it was not made clear when purchased that it is some type of rail that has to be nailed in or screwed in . nothing was included with it to show you how to do it plus there was not anything to let you attach it . ! very misleading , i returned it
 This rail is a long piece of wood that screws directly into the crib legs . The problem is that a thin piece of wood is designed to go around the legs on each side , to hold it more securely into place . The piece of wood is overly thin , though , and breaks off if you are not extremely careful during assembly and shipping .
 This monitor seemed to work well the one night I used it ... but the very next day my 2.4 GHz cordless phone showed OUT OF RANGE on the handset -- meaning it could no longer find the cordless phone station and I could no longer make or receive calls . I unplugged both the parent and child units for the monitor , but my phone is still not working . The phone is downstairs in the kitchen and both units were upstairs in the bedrooms . My phone has never shown OUT OF RANGE in the 12 + months that I have had it . I do n't know if this is a coincidence , but I am concerned that the first night 's use of this 2.4 GHz monitor coincided with my 2.4 GHz phone no longer working .
 I loved the idea of the long range and that the child and parent unit could be used with batteries . Unfortunately , I also had the loud beeping in the middle of the night . I made sure that both units were on the same channel and it happened a second time . I returned it today and I am very disappointed about it .
 I 've just bought 2.4 GHz ultra-range monitor and for my surprise after I installed following de instructions it just would n't work without very loud interference . I 've tried to use in a different house , several blocks away , and the problem remained.I 've tried to turned off all the electronic equipment -LRB- even the TV -RRB- at my house and the interference would n't go away . It 's a shamed that an expensive baby monitor like this would have basic problem just like a cheap and low quality model .
 This monitor is crystal clear , yes . But , after almost 4 months of working flawlessly , my monitor started beeping today at 3am . It happened three times , too ! I thought I would go into cardiac arrest the stinkin ' thing was so loud.I 'm going to try to get a replacement child unit from the company , but I 'm not expecting much to change ... &#60; sigh &#62; ... got ta find another monitor , I suppose .
 We were given this monitor 2 years ago and never really used it with our first child . We started really using it with our second child and would leave the parent control on the stereo receiver.Due to some interference one day , I placed it directly onto our bookcase . My husband noticed sometime later that day , that it had burned a hole in the bookcase ! Thank God he caught it in time !! He immediately threw it in the trash . I have yet to contact the manufacturer , but I will .
 We went thru several monitors as well . We got this one and thought we have finally found the one for us . It worked ok for about 6 months . We got frequent static that was so loud you would almost jump out of the bed it was so startling , then it the clarity became terrible . My daughter is 3 so when she calls us from her room all that comes thru the monitor is so distorted it sounds like the teacher from Charlie Brown . I am about to have our 2nd child and I am hoping to find a better monitor this time around .
 The good.Size is great , really convenient . Battery life is excellent -LRB- the rechargeable batteries rock -RRB- . The bad .2.4 Ghz one would think it had great range and clarity , sorry folks you ai n't getting that in this baby . Also if you have a wireless router at home that works on 2.4 Ghz , it is n't going to work while the monitor is on.The Ugly.The range and quality of reception . At a family meeting with my brothers -LRB- that also have new born children -RRB- I pulled -LRB- brand new it was it 's devue -RRB- out this puppy thinking it would blow everybody away . Everyone was impressed with the size but one of my brother 's graco , and my other brother 's Fisher Price had much , but much better reception . They have models that are over three years old and they do n't have the mind befalling hissing soud this model dose . The rage of the other monitor was better.Also I travel a lot from place to place , sometimes in place where the electric output is of 220 Volt -LRB- U.S.A has 120 -RRB- , and the AC adapter is not travel friendly ... come on in a globalize world everything comes with a 220-120 Volt ac adapter.Verdict . . I really regret buying this . Should have done On-site research instead of relying on what people say on the web .
 This monitor is 95 % great ; pocket-sized , 2.4 GHz for lowinterference , rechargable batteries come with it -LRB- qty 3 AAA -RRB- and acceptable range . But the `` finder '' mis-feature kills thisproduct -LRB- press a button on the nursery unit and the parentunit will beep loudly for 20 seconds -RRB- ; the utility isquestionable -LRB- the parent unit has to be on for it to work -RRB- and the false triggers in the dead of night -- wakingeveryone -- will leave you wanting to run it through yourgarbage disposal . The company has replaced both sender & receiver , and we 've replaced the batteries , but have onlyreduced , not eliminated the problem .
 I bought this monitor as a second monitor to leave in our weekend house and we regret it . The range is far worse than any other monitor we 've tried -LRB- we bought it thinking it had a better range -RRB- , and the static is permanent . Get the Angel Care instead , it 's a bit more expensive , but it 's worth every penny . I would n't get this one for $ 5 .
 My wife and I have had nothing but trouble with 1st Years and their defective product . Our unit continually pages itself , waking our baby from sleep . We have repeatedly contacted the company with this complaint . They have replaced the child unit twice , which still has not fixed the problem . Now they have told my wife that they have done all that they will do for us and they will not fix our problem.I find it very hard to believe that any company would take such a non-caring attitude towards its customers , especially a company that deals with parents and their new-born children . We have a valid complaint that still has not been adequately addressed by this company and they are turning their back on us and their defective product.If you value your child 's restful sleep and look for a company that will stand behind its products DO NOT DEAL WITH 1st Years , as they DO NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS . They advertise a 1 year warranty . My child is 6 months old , but they have decided NOT to honor their warranty . Ask yourselves if this is the type of company that you trust with your child 's safety and well-being !
 I bought this monitor because of the 2.4 Ghz claim . After a short time , the parent unit would screech an alarm - BEEP BEEP BEEP , for no apparant reason . As sleep deprived , first-time parents , this was unnerving . Our baby was sound asleep . I called First Years and was told the Child Unit was defective , although this did not make sense intuitively . They immediately sent out a new Child Unit . The monitor worked well for about a year , but the batteries would go dead in the Parent Unit without any warning . I would awaken to a completely silent monitor !! If happen to forget to plug it in , there 's no warning to inform you of your mistake . Recently , 14 months after the original purchase , the screeching alarm returned . Again I called First Years and was told again that the Child Unit was defective . I was told that a 90 day warranty is what these products have . I intended to use this monitor for years - at least for the FIRST YEARS . After my experience , this product seems to be made to last until the warranty expires - 90 days . The flippant customer service rep I spoke to agreed to send another Child Unit , and it arrived very quickly . However , the screeching alarm persisted and I will NEVER again use any First Years products . When I have the need to buy another baby monitor , I 'll steer clear of this brand .
 I put this monitor on my registry because the description said that it had excellent range and it had good reviews . Well it does have good range but there is so much static and interference that I can hardly stand to use it . I called The First Years customer service because I thought there had to be something wrong with it and they simply said , if you have a 2.4 GHZ cordless phone in your house , this monitor is not for you . I wish I knew that before I got it ! I got it as a gift , do n't have the box anymore and have to go out and buy a new one . I told the customer service rep that I also have a 900 MHZ phone in my house and she said then I need to get a monitor that is not in that range either . Hope this info helps !
 This monitor worked like a charm before we purchased a 2.4 Ghz cordless phone set -LRB- 2 units ; one plugs into an ordinary outlet & does n't need a phone jack -RRB- . Since the monitor and the phones are on the same frequency , the result is a constant static/clicking noise that is horrible . One solution
 We have been using this monitor for 6 months . It picks up a lot of intereference from the wireless network in our home . Everytime you download something or surf the net , it crackles and buzzes . There is also a constant -LRB- albeit faint -RRB- clicking sound in the background . Considering how expensive this monitor is , I wish I had shopped around a bit more .
 I was so excited when I first bought this baby monitor . After using it only a few times , the parent unit started making constant clicking sounds . No matter how high the volume is set , the clicks continue just as loud as before . It is annoying to say the least . With that said , I also found that I could n't hear the baby as clear as with my older 900 megahertz monitor . Unfortunately , we threw away the packaging when we first opened it , or else I 'd take it back and get my $ 60.00 refunded . We never use it . If you buy this model , do n't throw the box away until your sure it 'll work properly for you .
 We found that the range and clarity were excellent , but the parent unit experienced interference causing sleep depriving clicks . Also - the loud BEEP BEEP BEEP alarm that emits from the parent unit for no discernable reason between 2:30 and 3:30 am will have your heart racing , and you searching for another product . -LRB- Strangely this is the exact time that others have found the alarm sounds -RRB-
 I purchased this monitor because of the 1500 ft. range and , of course , the rave reviews . I was very disappointed when I plugged it in . The clicking , static & amp ; amp ; hum was so bad I could hardly hear my son in his room . I found out the problem ... the monitor was interfering with my V-Tech 5.8 GHZ cordless phone . -LRB- Even thou the monitor was only a 2.4 GHZ -RRB- So the monitor had to be returned . One of the only times I can sit and enjoy a peacefull phone conversation is at nap time . That is when I would be relying on the monitor . The search for a good monitor continues ...
 I paid a lot of money for this and it worked ok - while it worked . I dropped the parent unit on the floor once
 I get this baby monitor from my Baby Shower , but I kepp it for 1 month this monitor has good range and clarity but the parent unit present interference using the microwave and the cordless phone 2.4 Ghz.also is crazy in any time emits alarm loud sounds ... BEEP.BEEP , BEEP , BEEP whitout reason.Now I have the new 900 MHZ Fisher Price with 2 parents units ,1 parents unit comes with vibrates & Short antenna has excellent clarity . no more interference or Beeps
 This monitor was an absolute piece of junk . We finally broke down and threw it away after listening to static and wondering if our children were awake or not .
 As other reviews have stated - I too had the same BEEPING problem . The parent unit -LRB- the one you keep by your bed at night -RRB- would start a very loud beeping -- it was as if the locate button on the child unit had been pushed . I am a very heavy sleeper - but even this woke me up EVERY time . I thought it must have just been a fluke . So I did , as the manual said , to call the First Years . Their suggestion was to simply unplug my phones each night . WHAT ? I could not believe this was their solution . I tried to explain that my phones were 5.8 GHz -- she did not care . Her solution was unplug the phones -- I confirmed she did not mean to test it , but every night ... she said `` every night '' Now what new parent has time every night to unplug all the phones in the house so a $ 59 baby monitor works - not to mention how unsafe it is to have no phones pluged in . After really raising the issue , they told me to take the unit back to where I bought it . I did - however Target would not take it back -LRB- I did loose the receipt -RRB- because it had been more than 120 days -- and they do n't carry the unit any more -- wonder why ? I then called the First Years back and asked for a refund - they refused and only offered a replacement unit . Guess what , I plugged it in last night - and our whole house was up at 3am . I have now given up - The monitor is a great door stop and this was the first time I felt compelled to write a review of a terrible product . Please do n't fall for the same mistake I did -- I admit I feel better that others had the same problem after reading the reviews BUT that does not get your money back .
 We 've had this monitor for a little over a year . All of a sudden it started making loud beeping sounds , like it was paging itself . This only occurred on the parent unit , but it happened about 6 times throughout the night . When we turned the unit off , & then turned it back on , the beeping stopped . We used an Evenflo monitor with my first child & never had a problem with it .
 It is important for people to know that if you have a wireless network in your house , that it can not share the same frequencies at any other 2.4 Ghz devices . This includes baby monitors and cordless telephones . The correct arrangement should be : Baby Monitor
 My baby who we adopted came into my home with little notice I bought the first monitor I could find which was about $ 15 . This worked fine for us until we needed one that had a longer range . I then spend 4 times the amount of money that the initial one cost and purchased this one . My baby was left in his crib crying for the first time in his life due to this . 3 times it happened ! Each time I checked the channel , charge etc and this was not due to user error but due to the product not working . Did not pick up my babies loud crying !!
 We bought this monitor when our daughter was born so that we could have a monitor in each of our child 's rooms . Although we did not have any problems with the two monitors interfering , this monitor has so much static that it is barely functional . I do n't see any improvement in the range over our original First Years monitor that we owned and loved . The static of this Clear and Near monitor is so horrible some nights that it makes sleeping difficult . We have debated throwing it out and starting again many times , but given how much we paid for it we have n't done it yet . We just found out we are expecting our 3rd child and will be switching over to the monitor that allows receivers in 3 different locations . Finally , a good excuse to get rid of this piece of garbage !
 The range even when the base was placed near a window was between 200-300 feet . This is with no close obstructions , only a 15 feet change in elevation , and at most one house between us in the way . I did n't get anywhere near the range advertised.On the plus side , Amazon accepted the return without a problem .
 DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM . Please , do n't believe the beeping is a small fluke . I 'm on my second parent unit , and it 's begun doing the same thing . -LRB- Last night at 2am , actually . -RRB- It sounds like a high-decibel smoke detector going off . I actually tried to rip down my smoke detector the first night the monitor acted up , because I thought the smoke detector was malfunctioning . Of course , it was the monitor . This is n't a small inconvenience , it wakes you up with your heart racing and is very , very disruptive to the household . They really should take the item off of the market until the problem is resolved .
 I put this monitor on my registry thinking it would be an improvement over the Sony monitor I have for my 21/2 year old . Well , I was definitely wrong . I had so much static . The monitor picked up every creak and sound in the house , except the baby . When the forced air heat came up it made the nursery sound like a wind tunnel . And I had to hold the monitor up to my ear to try to hear over that noise to hear the baby . The last straw was the interference . When the only noise was static , and the monitor was out of range less than 20 feet from the base , I had to sleep on the floor of the nursery to ensure my baby 's safety . I returned this peice of junk and bought the Sony baby call 27 channel .
 My neighbors have the First Years 900 MHz monitors that have impressive range . Not wanting cross talk , I ordered the First Years 2.4 GHz Ultra range monitor despite reading the reviews . I speculated that the erroneous monitor locator issues were from people living in urban areas . Since these were `` ultra range '' monitors it made sense that this issue was probably due to a neighbor having the same device.I WAS WRONG!I am fortunate enough to live on acreage and the monitor locator erroneously went off 3 times in the first hour ! It did n't matter if there were new batteries in the receiver or it was plugged into the AC adapter . This monitor set picks up interference from my 2.4 GHz cordless phone and has a repetitive clicking sound unless the phone is unplugged . With the phone unplugged the monitor locator function erroneously went off.When they work , they have a crystal clear sound and very good range . It is unfortunate the manufacture still has some bugs to work out.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!I recommend this product be pulled from the web site until the manufacture figures their problem out.BTW
 I bought this item despite the reviews saying it beeped in the middle of the night . There were so many good reviews I thought the beeping was a fluke . The monitor worked GREAT for the first three months . Since then , it randomly beeps - often in the middle of the night . Its loud , its scary , and it disrupts sleep ! Do not buy this monitor !!
 I ABSOLUTELY HATE THIS MONITOR!IT HAS STATIC ALL THE TIME !! - THE LIGHTS FLASH ALL THE TIME-ITDRIVES ME CRAZY ! I ca n't find any reason for it to be doing this , and the reception light is completely green . I have triedit everywhere in our bedroom . My daughter is one and I ca n't take it anymore - I am breaking down and getting a different monitor !! There are days when it works fine , but most of the time it just flashes and buzzes . . Argh !!! Do n't waste your money !!
 I 'll echo the other reviews - this is a great monitor until it wakes you up in the middle of the night with that infernal beeping -LRB- 2:30 AM last night ! -RRB- . I 've tried both channels , no luck . I thought it might be our house , so we took it with us to the beach for a week and it did it there , too.Those of you lucky enough to get this to work without the alarm going off are fortunate - when it works , it 's clear as a bell and has long range . But with this unpredictable beeping , it 's pretty much worthless .
 For a couple of days I was very happy with this monitor -LRB- I bought two to replace 900 Mhz First Years monitors that worked OK , but with some interference -RRB- . Then at 3:00 a.m. a piercing alarm sounded from one of the new parent units - just as others have described . Bizarre . I do n't have a 2.4 Ghz phone or other obvious interference . I 'll be returning both monitors unless I get a fix from First Years .
 This monitor is definitely not as good as it claims to be . There is constant clicking and static in the background , and sometimes it does n't even pick up the baby crying . Like some of the other reviewers said , the alarm on the parent unit goes off for no apparent reason at all , sometimes every 10 minutes . It 's nice that this monitor is rechargeable , but that 's about it . For $ 60 I could have gotten a much better monitor .
 Do not waste your time or money on this monitor . As reported in almost every review , the product is defective . The locating device for the `` parent unit '' -LRB- receiver -RRB- will go off for no reason . It is a very loud beeping alarm . I have spoken to the company about this and they claim my `` child unit '' -LRB- transmitter -RRB- is defective . They are sending me a replacement at their cost . I am dubious . Maybe it is interference , as another poster has suggested , but why should I go searching for the cause ? And even if I found it , I 'd never waste my time unplugging my answering machine every night . There are plenty of other good monitors on the market . I 've never had any problems with my Fisher Price Sounds and Lights . You do n't need to hear a pin drop in your child 's room . You just need to hear them call for you .
 I bought two of these locally ... neither worked . The first one would n't charge up the batteries ... the second had HORRIBLE reception ! I had to shout into it and all I could hear was static.For an expensive monitor ... they should have better QC in China .
 My son is 21/2 and weighs 39 pounds he is not fat but just tall -LRB- 38 '' tall -RRB- . We tried this potty out and he fits very snugly in the seat and his penis was at the very edge of the bowl . I would n't recomend this potty to anyone with an adverage to big toddler . We are returning this seat in search of something better .
 My 25 month old son has been using this potty for the past month , after cleaning it today - he picked up the blue seat and put it on his head - `` Look , mommy , hat '' I chuckled , and in the next second he pull it completely over his head . His next phrase was `` Mommy stuck '' and the screams began . Ok , now , I know I am a good mother but I laughed because this was ridiculous . 45 minutes later it became scary that an emergency room visit was in my future . This thing was not coming off his skull . It took my husband and I a half hour to literally saw this seat off from around his neck . I hope this review is helpful and this does not happen to you .
 I looked through all the reviews from many of the potties available and chose this one , now I regret it . I can tell it is uncomfortable for our daughter . She keeps adjusting herself and tries to find a comfortable way to sit and go to the bathroom but she ca n't . We have another seat that fits onto your regular toliet that is really cushy . She just loves that one and is very comfortable by the padding there and can sit for up to 25-30 minutes while I read her books , but she ca n't even sit for a 30 seconds on the little potty . She also has red marks on her behind from the seat . Great price but uncomfy !
 I like the fact that my son can use the seat as a toilet , and then my nephew when he comes over can use the stepstool to reach the big toilet . It 's just not very sturdy . My son has tipped over more than a few times when getting up to `` check his progress '' and the lid does n't fit well on the big toilet . I 'm checking into a new safer seat right now .
 I bought this one because it was small & simple -LRB- no talking , music , bells & whistles , etc -RRB- . I liked the 3-in-1 features . But now I see two major downfalls
 We bought this seat for my 2.5 year old son , who is tall and skinny . I tried to sit him on the seat and he fits but ca n't pee into it . This seat is probably okay for a girl , but for a boy , there is no way a toddler would fit if they are potty training -LRB- maybe a 1 year old , but then they are too young to potty train -RRB-
 Very small for average toddlers and within 5 minutes of use the potty 's bowl broke . Get another one !! .
 This conversion kit included the Roxanne model as one of the models it could fit . Unfortunately , that is not the case . The Roxanne model has a drop down side and therefore has hardware in place of the holes the rail is supposed to screw into . The color matched and the quality of the rail seemed fine . As long as the correct model crib is what you 're trying to fit it to I 'm sure it would be suitable for a transitioning toddler .
 this bed rail can not be attached to a regular bed . it was not made clear when purchased that it is some type of rail that has to be nailed in or screwed in . nothing was included with it to show you how to do it plus there was not anything to let you attach it . ! very misleading , i returned it
 This rail is a long piece of wood that screws directly into the crib legs . The problem is that a thin piece of wood is designed to go around the legs on each side , to hold it more securely into place . The piece of wood is overly thin , though , and breaks off if you are not extremely careful during assembly and shipping .
 This brush is too big to fit into bottles , dr. brown , evenflo , medela ! I do n't know which bottles it fits into . Also , bristles are too hard and scratched the plastics bottles that we have . Had to throw them out . The soap sprays everywhere when trying to remove the brush from the bottles . All in all , useless brush .
 The brush is stiff and I feel I have to force it in the bottle . The bottles I use are the 5oz medela and the evenflo glass bottles.I also feel like it does n't generate a lot of suds . I definitely can not use to clean the medela breastshield . The brush is too stiffto fit inside and clean it throughly .
 I bought several of these brushes because we go through them left and right . Afer 10 months of using them ... I have decided that I do not like them ... at all . The nipple brush uses a metal wire ... which rusts after about a month or so . The lengh of the brush is just a little too short . To wash an 8oz bottle is a little difficult because once the brush is fully in , there is only about 1-1 1/2 inches of the handle to hold on to in order to clean the bottle . Even with having smaller hands ... this makes it hard to twist and clean . If you put the nipple brush back in and try to twist it ... it does n't work because the nipple brush does n't `` lock '' .
 This brush is huge . The size is a positive because it cleans the whole surface of the bottle . However , when you pull it out of the bottle the bristles cause soap to splatter everywhere . The bristles are very rough so it does scratch the bottles.The nipple bristles are firm enough to clean well . I also like that the nipple brush is longer than the recent nipple brushes I have seen . The suction does work well . One major negative about the nipple brush is the wire that it is made out of is rusting at the tip.I would not purchase again .
 Perhaps they should advertise this as the wide mouth bottle brush because everything I read in the reviews is absolutely true . Water gets sprayed everywhere and it is gross . Thank goodness these were given to me and I did n't waste my own money !
 the subject pretty says it all , but this brush does n't fit into the opening of Dr Brown 's bottles and is too short to reach the bottom of an 8 ounce bottle anyway . and the bristles are so stiff that they hurt my hands . and the nipple brush hardly has enough bristles to clean a nipple . poor quality , poorly designed .
 I use Dr. Brown 's wide neck bottles and this brush does n't fit into the wide part of the blue straw-like piece that goes inside the bottle or the wide part of the nipple . The other thing that i 've found frustrating about this bottle brush is that the bristles are so stiff that i end of spraying soap suds and water all over when i 'm using it and having to press really hard to clean the bottle well . Even if you do n't use Dr. Brown 's , the big part of this brush would n't fit in the wide part of most nipples . Also , the nipple brush was too wide so that it was really difficult to wash the smaller part of the nipple and the bristles were too stiff on it that it made it difficult to wash the wider part of the nipple . I basically have ended up using this brush and the bebek brush -LRB- which i 'm also not very fond of either -RRB- in addition to the little pipe-cleaner brush that comes with Dr. Brown 's to wash my bottles . A little too involved for some simple bottle washing i think!So far , my favorite bottle brush has been the regular munchkin one with the sponge tip . Sure , it rusts after awhile and the sponge wears out but you should probably replace your bottle brush every several weeks anyway . I 'll definitely be switching back to the basic Munchkin brush !
 The bottle brush is OK . It does n't scratch , but when you pull it out of the bottle the bristle sprinkle water/soap everywhere . My sleeves were always wet after cleaning . I definitely prefer the Avent brush . It 's softer and has bristles on one side that helps to avoid the sprinkling.The nipple brush is OK . There really needs to be more bristles though . And now , after only 5 months of use , the tip of the nipple brush is starting to rust .
 The bristles and wand are so stiff that they do not allow for any manuverability . The bottom of the bottle does not get fully cleaned . The rounded outer part of the bottom of the inside of the bottle stays dirty . I wish I could post a picture of the residue left behind .
 This bottle brush has extremely rough bristles!It scratches up the insides of every plastic bottle I tried it on -LRB- including Born Free , Dr.Brown 's and Avent -RRB- . The bristles are so stiff that when you pull the brush out of the bottle neck , it sprays water in a mist everywhere , even with the wide neck bottles.Because the bristles do n't hold soap like typical sponge material , I have to reapply soap often.If you use glass bottles , it wo n't scratch obviously , so this is an okay choice if you do n't mind the spray .
 This brush does not fit inside Dr. Browns bottles . It fits in Avent bottles and does a good job , but since I use both Avent and Dr. Browns bottles it is n't ideal . I just wish it were a bit smaller so it fit in Dr. Browns .
 I actually purchased this from a local retailer after I had worn out a different brand of bottle brush . I was very dissappointed upon using this brush . The bristles are stiff and difficult to fit into the neck of my standard size Dr. Browns bottles . When I pull the brush out of the bottle , soap suds spray everywhere -LRB- sometimes forcing me to re-rinse items that I have washed and layed out to dry -RRB- . This new mom does not appreciate the extra work . I would rather use this to scrub my own cups rather than the baby bottles . I gave it 2 stars . The first star is for sturdy construction ... the second star is for the handy suction base . And those are the only good things I can say about this brush . Maybe I will have better use for it when the baby moves on to sippy cups ? Or maybe for a Magarita party ? But then it should n't be called `` BOTTLE '' brush , should it ?! UPDATE - 1 year later and I still hate this Munchkin brush for bottles . It works very well at scrubbing kids plates though . I took a tour of bottle brushes after this . I recommed the OXO bottle brush . It is so much better at cleaning my baby bottles and is a much better design with the stand and small parts brush !
 I actually wish I did like this brush ! The concept is good but the execution is n't in my opinion . I DO like the suction on the bottom , but that 's it.This bottle brush will fit in standard size bottles , you just have to push it in a little harder . I use these on my Dr. Brown 's -LRB- standard size -RRB- bottles . Gross , I know , but there have been a few times where we came across a used bottle we did n't know was missing -LRB- fell behind something , or my other child took of with it ... -RRB- . When I went to clean it this brush hardly cleaned the bottom at all , especially around the rounded edges of the bottom of the bottle . Because the brush is such a tight fit and the bristles are very hard , you ca n't angle it , it 's up and down motions only.The thing I hate most about this brush ? Pulling it back out of the bottle . The bristles all get compressed to fit back through the bottle neck and then snap back into place literally spraying you with soapy , dirty bottle water .
 I bought this brush because I feel like I 'm constantly trying to figure out how to get my breastmilk bottles free of the milky slim -LRB- and smell -RRB- . At first I did n't think it would even fit in my 5-oz Medela breastpump bottles . It fits . Sort of . But each time I used it I banged up my thumb . Finally I jammed the thumb against the bottle so badly that I could n't sleep and set up holding ice on my finger half the night . That was a month ago and my finger still has n't fully recovered . I no longer use this bottle brush . But it did work really well on the bottle , which is why it got more than 1 star . I 'm back in the market to find something new . Maybe a cleaning solution to soak ?
 Very disappointing purchase . The head is too big and does n't fit in small bottles and the bristles are too hard and squirted everywhere when I used it . The small brush is a little better but the big one is absolutely unusable .
 I purchased this bottle brush due to not being happy with the Tommee Tippee bottle brush that I had . This brush is terrible and is very difficult to use . The bristles are way too stiff to use with Medela breast pump bottles and there is no way to get the bristles all over the bottom inside of the bottle . It was very difficult to use on my Playtex Vent-aire bottles , as well . I have very weak wrists and hands and this bottle brush just made them hurt worse ... The only thing I did like about the brush is the suctioning capability .
 I just replaced my OXO bottle brush with this one , but I like the OXO much better . This one is very stiff , so much so that it is difficult to shove the brush inside the bottle , and pulling it out sprays soap and water all over my counter . I would not buy this again ... I 'm definitely going back to the OXO next time .
 the bristles on this brush are WAY TOO STIFF . it looks well designed and i love the suction on the bottom but the bristles are so stiff that all it does is splatter soap everywhere and doesnt really clean well . the nipple cleaner is really stiff too . it feels like it 's going to rip throught the nipple . you might as well use a brillo pad on a stick .
 Pros :1 . Sturdy2.Suction keeps it off the counter3.No sponge for germ collectionCons :1 . Too large for Dr.Browns standard bottles2 . The nipple attachment is too rough
 I like the design of the brush , but the suction part that sticks to the counter or wherever developed some sort of mold . I tried to bleach it and it did nothing to improve the condition of the plastic . If you are n't expecting to use this brush for longer than a month or two , it 's fine , otherwise it 's a little creepy . I 've had mine about a year , but it got the mold after a few months . It stayed on the counter top where there was water but water only . The nipple brush does rust as well . It 's too bad because the brush works well .
 Would give this zero stars if I could . Every time I wash a bottle , this brush flings soapy water everywhere -- all over the sink , counter , and my face ! And the nipple brush is way too thick and the bristles are too hard . A double-sponge bottle brush is what I had before -LRB- a sponge tip and sponge at base , with bristles in between -RRB- , and that 's what I 'll be going back to . And by the way , the tip of the nipple brush rusts right away , as other reviewers have mentioned .
 I guess I should have gotten one of those brushes with the sponge at the end because this brush does not completely clean my bottles or nipples . Unlike formula , breastmilk has water resistant fat in it , which this brush does not always clean off . The bristles are too course to clean the bottle and nipples effectively and I end up using a paper towel WITH the handle of the brush to make sure it is fully clean . Also the bristles are so stiff that every time I take the brush out of the bottle , I get soapy suds sprayed all over me ! The tip of the nipple brush rusted right away too . I like that the big brush has no metal to rust , so I gave it 2 stars , but I hardly use the big brush besides using the handle to reach down to the bottom of the bottle with my paper towel .
 This brush does n't fit most bottles , you have to push very hard to make it fit , when you pull it out it splashes soap everywhere . The rubber on little brush falls off easily . Do n't recommend this brush . It 's a terrible design and expensive .
 I think it 's too hard for plastic bottles . I was afraid it would make scars on bottles so stopped using it ...
 When you use this brush to clean baby 's bottles , the first thing that you may notice is that it is very hard to put it into the bottle . You need to push hard in order to do it . Then , the second thing that you may notice is , you ca n't clean the bottle 's bottom corner due to its shape . Its round brush head can not reach that area at all . For these reasons , I will only give this product one-star . The only good thing about this brush is it can stand by itself very well . So you do n't need to worry that it will touch any dirty things after you wash it . I give an extra credit for this design .
 The bottle brush works great , however the nipple brush has a bent metal portion that rusted after it was sitting in water overnight . I realize perhaps I should not have had it in water overnight , however it seems to me that anything made to get wet should not rust . I threw this out next day and bought a cheap plastic brand that will not rust .
 I wanted to title this review as ` do not buy ' or ' I hate this brush ' but then I realized maybe it might work better for wide bottle openings like Avent or Dr. Brown , while I use Evenflo . I do not like this brush because1 . the bristles are hard . when pulling the brush out , my whole forearm gets wet from the spray . by the time i 'm done cleaning bottles , my forearm is drenched .2 . the bristles are wide so i practically have to jam it into the bottle with force . a few time my soapy grip slipped and i ended up jamming my thumb.Avent makes a better brush with softer bristles and it works fine for narrow bottle openings so one size fits all .
 I actually do n't like this brush and I 'm going to purchase a different 1 . The bristles are so stiff that it is very difficult to push it through the bottle -LRB- I use Dr. Brown 's -RRB- and when you pull the brush OUT of the bottle soap suds splatter EVERYWHERE b/c they 're flung by the stiff bristles . I like the idea of the nipple brush incorporated into the brush itself though .
 This brush does n't even get the bottles clean and trust me I scrubbed quite vigorously . It 's too big and the bristles are too stiff for normal bottles and water sprays everywhere when you pull this brush out of a bottle . Waste of TIME and MONEY .
 I do like the stand up feature of the brush but the nipple brush is way too hard . I have ripped through two nipples . Then I purchased the oxo brush which worked much better and also stands up .
 The colored bristles on this brush are so stiff that it 's unworkable for cleaning Medela pumping pieces or even the Medela bottles -- you ca n't get it into most of the crevices of your pumping parts or the flanges , and although you can shove hard and get it into the bottles , when you pull it out you get splattered with water and soap .
 This brush has hard bristles ; prepare to give it a `` good push '' to get it inside the bottle . I just figured that out after I wrote a bad review . Now I 'm editing it to say
 This brush is too thick to fit into the 5 oz . Medela bottles we have , as well as most of the standard bottles for newborns .
 We have the OXO bottle brush at home , but my mom purchased the Munchkin brush for her house . We were visiting her for a week and I could not wait to get home to my own brush . The bristles are tough on the Munchkin brush . The softer bristles on the OXO brush allowed me to get into the crevices of the nipple , thus more effectively cleaning the bottles and nipples.OXO Tot Bottle Brush with Nipple Cleaner and Stand , Orange
 This bottle brush has bristles that are so stiff , it is hard to use . I like the design and the way it stands on the counter , but functionally it is n't very good . I ended up replacing it with theOXO Tot Bottle Brush with Nipple Cleaner and Stand , Orange , which has soft bristles and really cleans well without tiring me out .
 The bottle bristles are too stiff to fit into any bottle . It is also useless when trying to clean pump parts -LRB- again , because the bristles are too stiff -RRB- .
 We did n't like this bottle brush ... it does n't work as well as the brushes with the `` sponge '' top ... it 's difficult to insert into the bottles and difficult for the soap to adhere to it ... it 's been sitting unused for months ...
 Product details did n't mention that brush can be used only for wide mouth bottles . I have standard size bottles and brush is too hard to use for it .
 I have found that I do n't care to take the little nipple brush out of the end of the botttle brush each use . But more importantly this is the first bottle brush after three children that has ever rusted on me . And it did so in less than one month from purchase . No more munchkin brushes for me .
 This Brush is much much much bigger than most brushes it didnt fit any of the bottles except for the Avent bottles . The Color was purple , which doesnt matter to me either way . Wish I had known how big the brush was I would have passed on this item .
 I bought this solely for the nipple brush since I could n't find one sold by itself easily . I think the nipple brush is unusable . The bristles are so hard and sharp I 'm not willing to use it on the nipples because it might damage them . In fact , I think I see scratches on the pump parts that I 've cleaned it with . You can see in the picture the bristles do n't go all the way to the top which also reduces its usefulness .
 again the color shown is blue , i ordered and i received a pink one.dissatisfied again because i have a boy.give customers the option to choose their color
 This brush sucks ! It is HUGE and VERY STIFF ... a total waste of money . Really disappointed at Munchkin for the design and at Amazon for selling it without an adequate description .
 I DO NOT like this brush . It hardley fits inside the bottles & the bottles it does fit it , when you pull it out it splashes soap suds EVERYWHERE . I purchased a different one & i LOVE it .
 MY MOMS KITCHEN IS BLUE SO WE GET THE BRUSH IN THE DAMN THING IS PINK NEXT TIME PUT COLOR SELECTION BUTTON THANK YOU !!!!!!!
 This brush is too stiff ... makes the water spray out everywhere when removing out of the bottle while cleaning `` very annoying '' !!!!
 THe product display was blue , but on arrival the product was Pink.Can this be corrected . We havea baby boy and do n't need pink products
 I love my Avent breast pump , and since I 'm away from my baby at school all day , I needed to be able to pump in my car . I bought the car charger and it worked beautifully for about 3 weeks , and then stopped working . The pump still functions fine , but only on the indoor charger . It is frustrating to have to buy a new car charger already , and in the mean time I have to hand pump , which is totally inefficient . So I recommend the pump , but the car charger is a little lame .
 Old Stock which Huggies is disposing thru the Amazon Sale - ends doesnt stick and horribly leaky . Waste of Money . Dont ever buy this . Should have read earlier reviews before ordering this one !
 Tried these on a whim instead of our usual Pampers . The absorbent gel did its thing , but it swelled to an enormous size -LRB- ! -RRB- . Even worse , it then proceeded to break up into clumps -LRB- granted , she 's a kicker/wriggler , but this never happened with the Pampers -RRB- . Yuck !!! High marks for being fragrance-free and super soft , but alas , I ca n't deal with shifting continents of swollen gel ...
 There is nothing `` supreme '' about these diapers . First of all , they fit smaller than the ultratrim . Secondly , everytime I have used these diapers on a regular basis , my children have had more leaks than normal . They are bulky and do not absorb well . My husband came home with two bags from the market today and I sent him right back to return them .
 no good for short people !!!! i have 5 foot small and its too big for me . it also isnt skinny enough for my liking , very fat and bulky .
 I concur that this wedge is extremely hard ; it has no give like standard memory foam . Additionally , the zipper grasp on the cover is huge , and if you move the pillow in the night it makes a really loud clinking noise -- I 've already disturbed my husband several times and I 've only had the pillow for two nights . I have n't tried an alternative , but I would recommend not starting with this wedge if you are shopping around .
 This pillow is very hard , and it was impossible for me to use under my pregnant tummy when laying sideways - as the wedged end is too fat ; not to mention ; the overall pillow is too hard . This was the most disappointing online purchase of my life -LRB- and I shop a LOT -RRB- . Stick with your standard pillow and wedge them around your pregnant body as needed - save your money ! If you 've already purchased it ; you 'll see the only thing it could be used for is possibly kneeling on when you 're on a hard floor - but even then ; knee pads are better suited .
 I thought this would be great for the size . The changing pad is just a very thin piece of plastic . It provides no padding at all . The case itself is padded . Why did n't they use the padding on the changing `` pad '' instead of the case ? Very uncomfortable for baby . -LRB- It is basically like laying out a piece of paper . -RRB- I 'd rather use those small padded things that come with most diaper bags .
 I just received this in the mail today and was pretty disappointed with it . The changing pad is VERY thin , too thin to use with an infant , in my opinion , and the pad itself is fairly small . On the other hand , the pouch bigger than I expected , which means that it would take up a fair amount of space in your diaper bag . I bought it for under $ 9 , which means that it 's not worth the money to ship it back , but I wish that I had n't even spent that $ 9 on it . There are better products out there for this purpose . Buy the First Years Deluxe Fold & Go , which is the same price right now and has a better pad . Or , if you can afford it , buy the Skip Hop Pronto . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I bought one of these receiving blankets because all of the positive reviews I saw here on amazon . I do n't get why the ratings are so high ! I wish I had n't wasted my money . The material feels very thin and cheap , and pilled after the first washing . I also find that the size is actually too big for my newborn . And for the price , you could get 5 receiving blankets of better quality . We are much happier with our $ 4 waffle weave receiving blanket .
 product has a very strong chemical smell , I washed it , but it does not disapear . i will not used it on my baby and i do not recomend it.I want my money back .
 Thought this lightweight blanket was a great idea as we live in Phoenix and it 's warm in the house , even with the air on.The blanket is REALLY large , which I thought would be good , but it 's just too much fabric and it 's hard to work with for a good swaddle . The material , linen like , is slippery and comes undone easily . That said , last night my baby was crying a different than usual cry -LRB- 10 weeks -RRB- . I went in and the entire blanket was off of his body but the fabric around the neck was still on him and was covering his mouth and was snug on his neck-needless to say I was mortified . I ca n't ever use this blanket for swaddling again . It was an awful experience . We have the kiddopottumus swaddler , really like it , it 's a bit warm for the summer . I just ordered the woombie-the USA one has a lighter summer fabric and it 's made in the US .
 Maybe others have had a better experience with this blanket , but I was disappointed . To me , it is basically a large piece of cloth with some decorative stitching on the edge . For the price , I assumed it would be thicker or have a little more stretch to it . I was unimpressed .
 Yes it 's a cute print , but who cares ? it 's still just a square blanket thrown off by my little boy in less than twenty minutes . Do n't waste your cash .
 Why would i spend all this money on a recieiving blanket when for less , i can get any kind of new fangled swaddling thing that will be more secure ? i do n't get it .
 I ordered this stroller through Amazon and upon receiveing it , had steering problems and the belt buckle was very difficult . Upon calling the company , I received very little response or help with their defective stroller . The steering on this stroller is very hard to manage . I would not recommend this stroller or this company to anyone .
 When I purchased this stroller , it sounded perfect . We took it out for a walk on the beach , it was impossible to turn and steer . This was a second stroller for my three year old boy - our Peg Perego Aria - although dirty and old works so much smoother . My husband has tried this stroller out too and told me to toss it or give it away . Do n't waste your money !
 I loved the idea of this stroller . I have a 1 year old and a 3 year old . I do not need to use a car seat so I thought it would solve my biggest problem - chasing the 3 year old while pushing a stroller . The 3 yr old loves to be able to have the option to sit or stand in a seat that is not like a baby stroller . It is very safe for the older child standing because it comes with straps and a very sturdy handle for kids to hold on when they ride . However , the negatives of this stroller outweigh everything else :1 . The biggest problem is the pushing . It is a very long tandem stroller . When you turn , you really have to push it hard . I 'm a fit mom and it feels like the stroller will fall on one side if I do not push with both hands really hard . It almost seems like you have to hold it from steering sideways into a curb .2 . The front seat is very small and does not recline enough . My 1 yr old is small . When she takes a nap , her head lolls forward . Then when I recline the seat , my 3 year old does not have enough room to sit . Also , if the toddler in the back needs to nap , he / she most likely will not fit in the front seat .3 . The footrest is made of cheap plastic and falls off .4 . The basket is large , but the space between the toddler chair to reach for your items is not . You have to force bags in an out . Not easily accessible.Think twice before buying this . I 'm very disappointed . It is not too convenient and not really comfortable for anyone .
 This stroller is a great concept , for short outings . The only problem is the front seat reclines very little , there are only 2 positions . My 10 month old falls asleep , and his head rolls down into his shoulder , wakes up and ends up taking a very short nap . I still need a full size , comfy , fully reclining stroller . I should have bought one high end stroller instead of now 2 mid priced ones .
 My wife and I are very happy owners of both the Latch-loc infant carseat and the Snap-n-go stroller base , both from Baby Trend . For that reason , we were pretty excited when we got a hand-me-down Sit-n-stand LX from a friend . Our toddler is 22 months and our infant is 4 months , so we could use a double stroller . However , this thing has problems . First , when the infant carseat is in its position in the front and nobody 's on the back , the assembly is very close to falling forward on the infant seat . The heavy infant seat hangs out farther than the front wheels , so it is -LRB- dangerously ? -RRB- unstable . Second , the rear seat is rearward-facing , so your young family looks like a two-baby crew team out there , with nobody facing forward . On the other hand , if the toddler stands and faces forward , he is in the perfect position to throw things at the infant . Finally , my toddler did n't find anything he identified as a seat , and ended up wanting to stand on the back , hold on to the handle , and lean back at a 30 degree angle until his grip almost failed and he suddenly stepped off the back of the moving stroller , or fell on his rear in the road . A little teaching would probably help that point , but it seems that a seat that is n't very good at keeping the toddler in place is certainly not one to depend on to counterbalance the infant seat in front . Overall , I definitely would not recommend this for anyone with a young infant .
 This stroller is way to heavy , too long , steering is very difficult and too bulky , it is huge when folded . Try something else .
 I purchased this bag just to keep snacks , wipees , and a cup in since my daughter is potty trained . The bag is very stiff and looks lumpy when filled . It is cute and very girl which is why I bought it in the first place . It is constructed very well and seems very durable . Maybe it will loosen up after use.Update
 Sassy Baby 's Mam 9 oz . Boy 3 pack BottleI read the previous reviews and thought this would be a great BPA free alternative to using our Dr. Brown 's glass bottles . I have been disappointed . The pros are that these bottles are attractive , affordable , and of course BPA free . The cons are that I have found them to be leaky -LRB- if you have to shake the bottle for formula or refridgerated breast milk , even when the top and bottom are secured , this is an issue -RRB- , the plastic is thick and very very slow to heat up in a warm water bath , and the most important is that my 4 month infant does n't like them !! He has trouble with the vacuum mechanism and has to continually release the nipple and then start sucking again . He has had no problem with the Dr. Brown 's -LRB- actually usually gulps it down with one nice long suck on level 2 nipple -RRB- . He now fusses and cries whenever we try to use these bottles . I have given up using them to feed him and started storing milk in them in the fridge . But since they have multiple parts and are somewhat leaky , they do n't serve well in this purpose either . I just bought Born Free bottles because he is starting to try to hold the glass Dr. Brown 's bottles , and I 'm worried about them breaking . They are more expensive , but he loves them ! Much smoother feeding , and no leaky messes for me either . I would not recommend this product .
 There is nothing worse than a leaky bottle and these leak all the time . I think a better design is needed .
 I bought these thinking they would be a good alternative to my more expensive set of Born Free bottles , and Adiri bottles.Nope , in fact they suck . The venting system is a total joke . It doesnt work , not if the vent is wet , or dry ; if the vent is screwed on loose -LRB- dont it will leak EVERYWHERE -RRB- or tight . The nipple is very oddly shaped , and pressure buildup inside the bottle is ridiculous.I guess you pay for quality.The only thing good about them is that they are BPA free , but , there are plenty of better BPA-free alternatives out there.Take it from me , they suck .
 We tried this bottle for my son , he did n't like it much . It was hard for him to latch onto the strangley shaped nipple , and the venting did n't seem to do anything . Also the bottle was leaking , and it was impossible for him to drink the last 1.5 oz . I 'll stick with our glass evenflo bottles for now .
 From the picture this looks like it 's a solid wood toy chest . Not so , the top is completely hollow and can not support any significant weight . The only solid wood pieces are the edges and cross beams . Overall it 's an OK piece of furniture for the price but do n't be fooled by the picture , we were .
 We bought this toy box because we wanted solid wood , which is what is claimed in the product description . However , the top of the box is hollow with veneer overlay -LRB- you can deflect it with you hand -RRB- , and the bottom is fiberboard . Also , when you open the lid , the support struts cause the back panel to flex under the strain of the springs . There were splinters inside at the panel seams , and it arrived with a scratch on the top . I do n't think it was worth the money we paid .
 This seat is not only useless as it does not fit most of the toilet seats , but it is also dangerous . It slips and slides on the toilet and my son was holding himself on it not to slide off . In addition the opening is so small that the poor guy had a painful indent on his behind.At this point I dont know what the alternative is , but this is definitely NOT it .
 My daughter is 2 & weighs 37lbs . This seat fits very few public toilets . My daughter cries when she sits on this seat when we 're out . It slips , slides & altogther does not give her the feeling of stability that she is used to at home . Most public toilets are elongated and this seat just does n't fit properly on them .
 Used it only couple times and the last time our daughter was sitting on it , it snapped in two and she fell in . Luckily she was n't hurt .
 I dont know how the people who like this thing got it to work but my son hates it and wo n't go near sitting on it . Its too unstable for him , slides on the seat and doesnt fit even our own home toilet . There are no grips of any kind on the bottom so its straight , smooth plastic on porcelain which presents a severe danger to any child trying to use it . The flexibility is great for travel but it gives under my son 's weight before he even hit thirty pounds and that freaked him out so bad he started yelling , ` no , no , no ! ' It was ridiculous . I ended up having to get an extra of his padded ` ducky ' seat from WalMart to stuff in his backpack to drag around with us . Less convenient but a million times safer and he 'll actually use it . Would never buy this again !
 I was very excited about this potty seat . I thought it would help my daughter with her fear of public toliets . But it almost made it worse . This seat is very flimsy . It bends under her weight -LRB- she 's 33 pounds -RRB- , which scares her of course . It also slides around and does n't fit oblong seats at all . If you move it towards the front like I saw some reviews suggested , your child will wet their pants because it puts them to close to the rim of the toliet . Not a good investment , stick with the old fashioned cushioned rings . I keep it in a big zip loc bag and wipe it down with handi wipes after each use ! She is now not afraid to use the `` big store potty '' .
 The fact that this potty seat folds up and can be taken anywhere in a diaper bag is great . The down side is that the seat slides back and forth , into the toilet , and has my daughter scared to use this particular potty seat even at home . I would not recommend it .
 I have a two and a half year old 25 pound girl that is potty training . We bought this potty seat and brought it with us on four or five different occasions and she cried when we sat her on it . It shifts around on the seats of the toilet and it gives in the middle and gives the child an insecure feeling of falling ! No need for additional insecurities when it comes to potty training . I bought the hard ring style with the cushioned seat , it is not as portable , but she went on it first time out today !!! Do n't waste your money !
 I have to agree with others , it is n't very strong . My daughter was excited about the print on the seat , but as soon as we used it out in a public bathroom , she was n't very happy . It is n't sturdy enough and she wanted off before her business was done . I have decided to put this one away and maybe for the next one we can use it . I recommend the more sturdier ones , but they do n't fold up as Convenient as this one . **** I finally found a folding cushy potty seat on another website for $ 15.00 , and I like it much better . ** ** Look at 2nd picture -LRB- not purple one -RRB- this is the potty seat I am writing this review about , not sure how this purple one comes up ?
 I read all the reviews on this product before purchasing and should have listened to the majority ! This is not a good purchase . I am returning it today after only 1 attempt at using it . The biggest problem with this product is that it does n't have anything to hold it in place on top the toilet seat -- like how the regular inserts do -- they have a small ridge on the bottom that holds the seat in place . This travel one does n't -- so it slides all around the seat as you are trying to put your child on top of it . It is also flimsy so I can definitely see where little ones could fall in on this . I do n't want to wait for that to happen so I 'm returning it now . Thankfully I also ordered the Sesame Street disposable seat liners -- they are thicker than the ones that are stocked in bathrooms and have sticky tabs that you can pull off and stick it onto the toilet seat . These will be great for our vacation ! It 's a shame too because I really wanted to like this travel seat -- it 's great that it folds up and is small and portable but they really need to add some sort of small ridge on the bottom that will hold it in place , and I would think would also make it more sturdy ! Oh well ... at least I was prepared and bought the travel liners as well for vacation !
 I have a 22 pound 22 month old son who is being potty trained . I thought this would be great since he LOVES Elmo . The first time he used it he was excited . That was until both he and the seat fell in the potty . It must not be designed to fit all toilets because I could not get it to sit correctly on the seat . It is not sturdy and buckles with his tiny body on it . I hate this seat . It will never be used again .
 This thing is terrible ! It pinches my little one 's skin in the places where the potty seat folds . It is also VERY flimsy . It starts sliding into the toilet if your little one wiggles at all . And it scoots when they try to sit on it .
 I bought this folding seat for my son , first use it sliped and fell into the toilet . The purpose was sanitary purposes and to make my child feel comfortable to use while running errands in town . I will not use it again . At home we use the Potty Pal flip lid , which we love .
 Does n't fit any toilet we came across , slides all over , almost made my son fall in , and even pinched some people 's kids ... Not worth the plastic it 's made with ...
 I bought this foldable potty seat for my daughter who is 2 and showed an interest in potty training right before her second birthday . She loves sesame street and elmo inparticular . This seat does not fit on any potty seat in a public bathroom or a regular toilet for that matter . I used it more recently at a friends house actually today and she almost fell into my friends toilet . The seat which has things on the bottom to keep it from slipping do not work . As soon as i can find the receipt it is going back .
 I got mine at Target , -LRB- new Item -RRB- but it 's the same kind of travel seat . It is very unstable and collapses your kid right into the toilet ! Luckily I had my hands on her but ca n't say for sure she did n't get some gross public toilet water on her ! EWWWW ! just go to Babies R Us and buy the travel potty they make in New Orleans ... a little bit bigger , but so sturdy and can also set it up on the grass or side of road in a bind !
 These folding seats are horrible ! At first I thought it was the greatest thing until I found the actual greatest thing ! While this does fold nice and small , the open front is a joke . My daughter sprayed out constantly on her clothing ! Public toilets are open front too , so there was NOTHING to stop the pee . It was just a hassle having to change her clothes all the time . The only thing I could do to stop her from peeing out was to hold her legs straight out and lean her forward . Really ? As if potty training was n't difficult enough ! There were also several times that it pinched her little hiney when she sat down because of the hinges in the middle of the seat ! This made her afraid of it which we all know is a VERY BAD THING.I found a different potty which I actually bought to keep in the car . Now I use that one instead of this folding seat for my second child . The Kalencom Potette plus potty is WAY BETTER . It has no hinges on the seat so it never pinches , and it has a built in guard to keep them from peeing on their clothes . While it is slightly larger , I would much rather carry that one around since it is so much easier to use and comfy for my child . It comes with a bag that you can keep flushible wipes and training pants in as well . Get that one !
 I like the idea of this foldable and portable toilet seat . its slips in any of the bags i use . Also it was very appealing to my son , with all the sesame street characters on it , during his potty training period . However it broke very easily after just a few times of using it . My son loved it for it had elmo on it , so he would take it out of his bag and play with it and then it was an easy job for him to bring it apart . i was soooo sad but never thought of buying it again !
 We bought this for the diaper bag when my first was ready to potty train . My second is using the potty now , and I pulled it out to give it one more shot . It does n't fit well on any toilet seat , public or residential , it slides around horribly , and it bows under my kids ' weight causing the joints to catch skin . Both of my kids ended up sideways and screaming on the toilet with pinched thighs , and I had to support their weight to keep them from falling in . I wanted so badly for this to work , but it does n't . : -LRB-
 My son can stand to pee when we are out -LRB- he 's only 2.5 but he 's tall -RRB- but he had to poop yesterday while we were out . So I ran to the car thinking that this seat that I had bought would `` save the day '' and his pants ! I got back to him and my husband and quickly got him to the bathroom . I whip this out so happy that I had bought it , and I placed it on the toilet . My son was VERY excited about the characters ! It looked like it fit good . So I pick up my son and placed him on it - it held him ok - he 's 40lbs - it did n't give too much , or so I thought . My son squirmed a bit - what toddler does n't , and he FELL IN THE TOILET ! This seat and him hit the water ! EW !!!! Another reader posted that she would n't return because it was a toilet item - well I 'm marching right back to the store to return because I wo n't use it ! It 's poorly designed and a waste of money - it 's going back!If you already bought this - just keep it home - at least then if your child FALLS IN , you know what has been in your own toilet ! Still YUK !
 This potty seat is great for portability , however my daughter wo n't use it . The hinges where it unfolds pinch her bottom . I did n't have a problem the few times she used it with it fitting on the toilet or anything like that though . I saw a similar folding potty seat in the One Step Ahead catalog - it 's padded , so it says it wo n't pinch . That might be something to consider instead .
 My son also broke the seat and fell in . He is 2 and a half . It also did n't seem to sit very securely on any toilet we put it on . He needed to have me sit him on it . It would n't have been good for pooping . I would n't recommend this product . We switched to using a cushie tushie potty ring . We just carry a bag large enough to hold it . He is much more comfortable and secure . I think he also likes the fact that it is the same one he uses at home .
 We bought this traveling potty just in case my son needed to use the bathroom while we were out . He 's only 30lbs and when I put him on this seat , it looked like the thing was going to break . He refuses to use it and I do n't blame him ! It 's a good concept , but the seat bends and looks like the hinges will break with even a skinny kid sitting on it . I do n't recommend this item for anyone !
 I have a small 21/2 year old who is already potty training . I bought this to have for use out side the home , traveling or at friends houses and stores etc. . It 's terrible . It shifts VERY easily and buckles under my 28 lb . toddler . VERY VERY unsafe . It also does n't even fit on public toilet seats at all . Definitely , do n't buy it .
 I had similar problems ; most specifically my little one complained of the seat pinching her legs when she sat on it . Think we 'll try something else .
 I bought this for a trip back in 2005 . My daughter was still potty training and coming along quite well . She was wearing regular underwear during the day and pull ups at night . When we made plans to visit family in another state I decided to look for a travel potty seat to pack along with me so she could keep wearing underwear while on the trip . I found this at my local Babies R Us and happily picked it up . When I brought it home , I showed it to her and she was very excited . That excitement was short lived.From the first use this thing was a failure . It did n't fit onto the toilets in the public restrooms -LRB- it advertises that it fits all toilets -RRB- . My daughter nearly fell in , and got scared . She wanted nothing to do with toilets so I had to put her in a pull up -LRB- taking an unwanted step backwards in her potty training -RRB- . When we arrived at my aunt 's house , I tried the potty seat on their toilet -LRB- which is shaped differently than the public toilets at rest stops -RRB- . Again , it did n't fit . It slid around and my daughter nearly peed herself trying NOT to get on it . I ended up having to buy more pull ups for the remainder of our trip.When we returned home , my daughter was still skittish about going potty , even on her training potty . It took us weeks to get her back on track . I immediately returned the product and found a padded seat that did n't fold . My daughter hated this thing , and so did I. I do n't recommend this in the least .
 I purchased one a month ago for my 34 month old son to be able to potty train when we are in public , as he is scared of `` full '' size toilet seats . My son weighs 23 pounds . I have used this item ONCE and consider it to be wasted money . As I placed him on it , I found myself holding up the back of the seat at the fold as it looked like it was going to fold-up on him . I have no plans on using this again and if it was n't a `` toilet '' item I would love to return it for my money back !
 I bought a pretty princess seat cover just like this one and then saw this Sesame Street one in Burlington Coat Factory & confirmed -LRB- from taking it out of the box _ -RRB- that it is the same thing , just different decoration . At any rate , I out it on the toilet and the overhang lip in the front does not hang over enough . If it did , I think it would help keep it in place better . However , the cushions on the underneath -LRB- wish they would show you that on the product images -RRB- are just that , a cushion . It has nothing to do with actually helping hold the potty seat in place , as it slides around all too easily . It snapped open well and I felt it was good , but once I sat my 16month old 21lb girl on it , I better understand the reviews others are giving . Although it 's snapped together pretty solidly , when I put my daughter on it , she seat really sunk in toward the toilet water a bit , enough to worry me too much to keep it . I can see where people might say it pinches because although it 's not supposed to bend anymore in that direction , it does , and could possibly pinch . My main issues with the seat though are that it :1 - had nothing to click it/stick it on the seat to keep it in place2 - sinks down under the weight of my 21 lb girl3 - I can see my own hands getting unsanitary from touching the seat to open and close it after being on the toiletI think it 's a great idea , but not a well developed/made product to do the job it 's supposed to do .
 We inherited this seat from a friend as we started to potty train our son . Not only does it bend when my 26 lb son sits on it but if he shifts his weight or leans to one side the seat jumps and moves . This seat really made him feel uneasy . We bought the Primo seat after we read the reviews and have used it constantly for the last month . I would give it 5 stars . Not only is it sturdy but it stays in place . The seams are not flat like this seat with big bird so be careful if you like to slide your child 's bottom all over it but I feel there is no real threat using the primo . I also believe that 's what makes the primo so much sturdier . Good Luck ! BTW we have used the primo everywhere
 I bought this item based on a recommendation by my sister-in-law , and I now regret listening to her . This seat is great in that it is compact enough to fit into a diaper bag for travel , but other than that , it 's worthless.This is not a reliable product to use if you have a squirmy , fidgety , potty trainer -LRB- and what child is n't ? -RRB- . The seat does not stay in place . It slips and slides all over the place and does n't even fit properly on any toilet that I 've tried it on . We have this seat in our downstairs bathroom for my 3-year-old son , and he has fallen in the toilet and had his butt pinched so many times that he now refuses to use it !
 We used this ring in public restrooms when we were out and about . Often it would n't fit the toilet very well and would slide around when my boys would sit on it , even if I carefully lifted them onto the ring myself . A couple of times it almost dumped them in the toilet and scared them to death . I do n't recommend it .
 This seat seems to work fine on home toilets -LRB- such as traveling to a relatives house -RRB- . When we used it on a vacation in the hotel toilet and public restroom it did not fit and started to buckle -LRB- there was not enough support in the back to support my sons weight -RRB- . It scared him and caused him to have a setback in his potty training .
 I found this for cheap at a local store , and decided to get it for home and travel . My twin girls -LRB- 18 months -RRB- are a little weary of the toilet already , and I know if I tried to put them on this thing , it would ruin any progress we 've made . It is totally flimsy , and unstable on our toilet -LRB- elongated seat -RRB- . It does not cover the whole seat , and it does n't attach to the toilet in any way . When I set it on the seat to fit it , it ended up falling in ! Not only that , but it looks like it the hinges would pinch little thighs . I threw it in the trash and bought the baby bjorn potty seat -- it is so stable and comfortable for my girls . I would advise anyone to spend the extra $ $ and get a decent potty seat , as this thing is a total waste of money !!!
 The potty seat is an odd shape and does not fit any toilet well.I would not reccomend .
 This seat scores high on portablity , I have n't experinced the problems with slipping and my daughter loves it . HOWEVER , if she 's not perfectly positioned on it she does pee on the seat itself , which then ends up on the floor . I think there must be better products out there !
 We purchased this to use while on a one week vacation and it was a disaster . The product does not stay well on top of the toilet seat - instead it slips around leaving mom or dad trying to catch their kid before they fall in or fall off . This item came as a combo set : Sesame Street Soft Potty , Travel and Step Stool Combo Set , Framed Friends . The other pieces are GREAT . We love the regular Soft Potty seat and the step stool . But , again , the travel seat we will no longer use as it does not stay in place while in use - ESPECIALLY for a wiggling toddler . The product description lists the travel seat as having `` non-slip rubber padding '' but it is a joke and does not work at all.Recap : This Travel Seat - NOSoft Potty Seat - YES
 I liked the idea of portability but the rubber grips do not do a very good job of keeping the seat from moving . The seat slides back too easily and since the hinges fold DOWN , the seat ends up falling in . Luckily the time my daughter was ON the seat when that happened I was right next to her and able to catch her . But another time , she was getting off and her arm fell in the toilet with the seat .
 I bought it and returned it the same day . Very flimsy . The joints bend backwards when the kid is sitting on it . My 2 year old is underweight -LRB- in 10 percentile -RRB- . I was scared it will break and will frighten her . The seat was also slipping all over the place even though it has rubber padding on the bottom , but they are too small to be of any use .
 i returned this immediately after two uses . It slips and slides . I was trying to hold my son AND the potty to keep him from falling and the potty from slipping . Regardless , my son still almost fell into the toilet . Smh . .
 I did not get this item through Amazon but I am upset enough about it to post a review . My daughter will be 3 in July . She weighs 32 lbs . She has been very hesitant to sit on the big potty -LRB- we have a toddler potty at home -RRB- but was excited to see Dora on her potty seat . Used it maybe 3 times . The last time , we were at Walmart and she had to go potty so we ran into the bathroom with the potty seat , set it up and I placed her on it . It almost immediately caved in and dropped my daughter into the filthy public toilet , banging her ribs on the toilet on her way in . I am furious !! Not only was it completely unsanitary but now she will not go near a big potty at all.It seemed like a perfect solution
 I just bought the Dora folding potty seat today at Walmart . It does n't cover the entire toilet seat . It starts at the front of the toilet , and does n't go all the way to the back . The result is that there is no support in the back . My daughter is 3 yrs , 4 months , and this seat is much too weak for her . Any movement she makes causes the potty seat to sink in the back . I 'm afraid that if we use it , it will soon break and she 'll fall in . She definitely ca n't sit back , or even sit straight up because it sinks so much . I 'm returning it and I 'm going to look for something else .
 i suppose this seat is better than layering tons of toilet paper on a toilet bowl . this folding seat may be appealing to little ones because it comes decorated with familiar characters -LRB- e.g. , sesame street , dora , etc -RRB- . but there is nothing to hold it in place on a toilet seat . my twins ca n't relax enough to ` go ' while sitting on it because the hinges are flimsy so the seat feels like it 's about to give way under them . they 're small -LRB- 27lb -RRB- 2yos , so i ca n't imagine what would happen if they weighed more . save your money and get a more stable travel potty seat !
 My friend had one of these and her daughter used it for public bathrooms . My daughter will not use it . We tried it at home and one time she got pinched by it.I have also tried it in public . Maybe she is too young for this seat . We us a Bjorn and a cushion seat and she does fine . She is almost 2 .
 I saw these and I liked them so much that I bought 2 , one for my daughter -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- and my neice -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- . They were both so excited to see the seats and to take them out and fold and unfold them . I sent one home with my niece and I kept one in my daughter 's diaper bag . The next time we were in public , I was excited to pull out my toilet seat ! That is , until I tried to set her up on it . . the `` nonslip pads '' did not work , the seat when sliding around and ended up in the toilet ! We tried it again on the toilet at home with the same results ! Arggg she wo n't even sit on it anymore ! I called to ask my sister how she liked hers and she said that her daughter wo n't sit on it because it slides around too much and it scares her . After spending almost $ 30 on 2 , I would say skip it !
 These folding seats are horrible ! At first I thought it was the greatest thing until I found the actual greatest thing ! While this does fold nice and small , the open front is a joke . My daughter sprayed out constantly on her clothing ! Public toilets are open front too , so there was NOTHING to stop the pee . It was just a hassle having to change her clothes all the time . The only thing I could do to stop her from peeing out was to hold her legs straight out and lean her forward . Really ? As if potty training was n't difficult enough ! There were also several times that it pinched her little hiney when she sat down because of the hinges in the middle of the seat ! This made her afraid of it which we all know is a VERY BAD THING.I found a different potty which I actually bought to keep in the car . Now I use that one instead of this folding seat for my second child . The Kalencom Potette plus potty is WAY BETTER . It has no hinges on the seat so it never pinches , and it has a built in guard to keep them from peeing on their clothes . While it is slightly larger , I would much rather carry that one around since it is so much easier to use and comfy for my child . It comes with a bag that you can keep flushible wipes and training pants in as well . Get that one !
 I am shocked to see that this seat did well at all ! I purchased this out of desperation on a road trip . In less than 24 hours my daughter -LRB- 32lbs . -RRB- 2 years 4 months fell off it twice ! Both times adults were right there and the last time I was actually holding her as it fell into the McDonald 's toilet -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- The fist time it actually folded and pinched her on the butt , breaking the skin . There is nothing to keep it in place except some rubber pads at the bottom . Granted she was doing number 2 and had to sit a while longer then I think most kids . But criky this should work at all times ! The whole point to this is so I did n't have to squat in front of a public toilet while I waited for her to go ... the best place for this is in the trash !
 this seat slips all the time . also , there are no handles , so my daughter has a tendency to touch public toilets to balance herself . Ugghhhhh !! As aa result , I stopper using this one . I would recommend a foldable with handles .
 We bought this because we travel a lot but it often pinches our daughter when she sits on it . We threw it away
 What I received is different from the picture , it , s grey tube with white cap , inside is black trash bag , looks very cheap .
 I 'm looking for a new stroller as I have had this for 5 mths and I 've had enough of trying to steer it with two hands -LRB- impossible to steer with one hand -RRB- . The basket is not accessible so I have only used it a couple of times and when I did , objects would scrape along the ground.The harness is n't good as my daughter can wiggle and loosen them in a minute.The adjustable seat does n't sit upright enough which makes her want to get out even more.The footmuff can only be used by little ones as it seems to be too small -LRB- I tend to take off her shoes so its more comfortable -RRB- . The net drink holder has become my key and phone holder as I wounld n't dare put drinks in there.I love the adjustable handles and rain cover , though !
 Bought this - the fabric seems ok , but found that the leg openings with elastic rims are too corrugated , and very rough . One way of testing the irritation levels is to wrap the diapers over your arm - arm going through both leg openings - and rotate or move the diaper on/along your arm . I found the abrasion to be very harsh to my skin , and it would definitely be harsher on the baby 's skin . So I washed it and dried it twice to see if the edges soften , but could n't see a difference . So decided against using it . Found Kissaluv 's cloth diapers much better around the leg openings .
 I have had various brands of this type of ready to assemble furniture , Sauder , Bush , O'Sullivan . No one expects military grade construction with this stuff ; but this manufacture fall short of even average quality . This brand is by far the cheapest quality and design I have encountered . The part on any dresser that will get the most wear is naturally , the drawers . This unit has plastic guide rails for both of the slider parts ; and no wheel rollers . The design of the drawer is also very cheep . Most of these type of units have a full box and then has the drawer face mounted as a separate panel with the drawer pulls . This design has the drawer front as the only part . Not a issue if the joints were assembles with dovetail joints . Not here , the only thing holding the drawer front on is a simple plastic hardware piece attached with one screw per side . The first time the drawer is closed too hard it is gone . If the sale price on this was half the listed cost it would still be a questionable value . Had I seen this item prior to purchase it would have keep shopping .
 EDITED REVIEW
 These are your old-fashioned , sturdy glass bottles . So if you 're used to a Dr. Browns ' , which vents so well , you 'll be disappointed . My son sucks and sucks and when I take the bottle out of his mouth , air gets pulled in through the nipple , creating all kinds of bubbles . I tried to use the Dr. Brown 's interior venting system , but it 's just a hair too long to fit in the bottle . If they were just a bit shorter , they 'd fit . I 'm starting to think the extra money for the Born Free bottles is worth it .
 The caps leak on the bottom . I 've tried tightening and loosening the caps but that did n't seem to help . While using a spoon to mix the formula I found that some bottles were larger than others and some were out of round -LRB- the spoon went in some bottles and not others , it would go in one way but not another -RRB- . My guess is that I have a bad batch of bottles . I went to Evenflo 's web sight but there does n't seem to be anyway to contact them their about bottles . In anycase the bottles have turned out to be a real pain .
 Do n't plan to carry these around in a bag , because they leak . Also , it 's very hard to get the top off of the part that screws on and holds the nipple , it keeps getting stuck and you have to pry it out .
 These bottles sucks ! The nipple keeps collasping after every 5 sucks ... I keep having to interrupt my baby 's feeding after every 5 sucks to fix the nipple ...
 I love the idea of using glass rather than plastic bottles . Sadly , these just did n't work . I bought the silicone nipples to use , and they just collapsed while my baby was drinking - she could n't even get anything . When I buy a product , it should be fit for its intended purpose . Here , this is a bottle and my daughter should be able to drink from it , but was unable.I read others ' reviews , suggesting to use the Dr. Brown 's piece in order to let airflow . I do n't think I should have to go out and buy something else for the bottle to work . Also , are n't I still using plastic if I use the Dr. Brown 's plastic piece ? Sadly , I had to return them . : -LRB-
 I just assumed that the bottles would be made bigger . The neck of the bottle is so small that it is hard to pour the powder in without making a mess . The nipples are a joke . I do not like this item at all . Right now , I am just using them to measure water to pour into my smaller bottles . Definitely not worth even the small amount they are asking for them . I will buy more of the Born Free next time !!
 Our child did not like these bottles . They did n't let any air in so it was hard for them . They had to stop feeding and let the air back in the bottle . Not really great bottles.BPA Free !
 these are the only glass bottles we have used , so i have nothing to compare them too . leaky unless you screw on very tight , but then you have a bad air-flow problem and my baby gets frusterated . we figured out that you have to mess with the lid a bit in order to find the right flow with out leaking . kind of a pain . but these are cheap and glass IS best .
 My wife and I got these bottles , because they are glass and therefore BPA-free . The problems is that of the six that we have , only one does n't leak . And when I say leak , what I really mean is pour . The milk flows freely from around the nipple where it contacts the glass . So my recommendation is to look elsewhere for bottles .
 I bought these glass bottles after reading all the articles about bispenol A. My daughter was used to the Dr. Brown 's bottles and could not get used to this classic bottle . She got so much air when she sucked on the bottle , we could not use it .
 The bottle part is all right . The cap and nipple have poor quality . You have to tighten the cap very hard to seal the bottle , otherwise milk will leak . I bought bottles with slow flow nipples , and my baby does not like it . Even when I change to Evenflo fast flow nipple , she does not like it either . There is no hole in the fast flow nipple , only a `` x '' on it . It is poorly designed , and it takes my baby very long time to finish one bottle of milk . I would not recommend this product .
 Like most reviewers , I bought these along with Dr. Brown 's glass bottles to see which ones I can use to replace my Avent plastic bottles due to BPA concerns . These were cheaper but as stated in a lot of reviews , the nipples were useless . They collapsed and my son gave up trying to nurse after awhile . I now use these to store my expressed breast milk in the fridge and use my Dr. Brown ones to feed my baby . Overall , it was a cheap solution for milk storage but definitely not for feedings . Dr. Brown glass vented bottles are great although having so many little parts to deal with is a bit annoying .
 Great price , but if your baby has reflux , this is not the bottle for him or her . We 've used Avent and Dr. Brown 's , but with the plastic scare , wanted to switch over to something else . As other 's have suggested , I tried my Dr. Brown 's parts with these and they leaked terribly , there is no vent system with the Evenflo and with a reflux baby , tons of spit up and stomach pain . Better off with the Nam , plastic , but BPA free , they work great with the reflux baby .
 I have to buy a new set of nipple from Target . My son just can suck anything out of these nipples . The bottlesare fine . Glass is better than plastic .
 I decided to switch off of the Avent bottles out of concern for the BPA in the plastic . I would n't say this is the best choice though . Unless you get the cap screwed on just right they leak or do n't vent at all . Also , the fast nipples break down quickly -LRB- the hole grows larger with each use -RRB- and become more like a deluge of milk soaking myself and my daughter . She medium flow is too slow and she gets frustrated . They also are rather heavy and she does n't like holding it on her own .
 I switched to this product because it is glass and safer than plastic according to news reports . The caliberation is difficult to read on the bottle and so I always end up pouring more or less milk than I need . Also , the nipples are not up to par and when I used the Dr. Brown 's nipples and vent system , the bottle leaked terribly.The price was very reasonable but I ended up going back to my trusty Dr. Brown . God will protect all our little ones !
 after the bad comments about the plastic bottles , I try to look glass bottle and found this . I bought this but end up never using this . the nipple is too small , and it is very hard to put the powder in . and my baby ca n't hold it . too heavy .
 I like the idea of glass with all of the plastic controversy but the bottles are heavy .
 Glass bottles are far more dangerous than any plastic bottle could ever be . They break and have razor sharp edges . They drop on your feet . They get thrown -LRB- maybe at you -RRB- . Go with plastic . Maybe for the first few months you can get away with 4oz glass bottles . But by the time your child is ready for 8oz , switch to plastic .
 I bought this pad because my baby would sweat against the waterproof material of his mattress . Based on the other reviews I read about this product , I thought that it would put some space in between him and his mattress and stop his sweating . Unfortunately , this pad is very thin as far as mattress pads go , and it is also unbreathable . My baby sweat even worse against this then when he slept on nothing but a sheet over his mattress . I recommend going with something that is not waterproof . All baby mattresses are waterproof anyway so you do not need something waterproof in a mattress pad .
 This one is ok , but the exterior material pills very easily and becomes rougher with every wash .
 I bought 2 of these matress pads , and washed them according to the label . The elastic came apart on one of the pads after the first washing . In hindsight , I would have paid the extra money for the more expensive pads.The shipping aspect was great - arrived on time and was free !
 I 've washed this pad three times now , following all of the recommended instructions . It 's already pilled and fraying at the edges of the skirt . I have a flat pad from this same line which has been laundered the same number of times . It looks as if I 've had it a year -- and used it hard for a year , at that , which I have n't . Not only that , but WalMart sells this exact same item for four dollars less . Talk about a gyp ! If I 'm going to buy something cheap and poorly wearing -LRB- which was n't my intent -RRB- , I could have at least saved myself the shipping and four dollars .
 I just bought this last night and after washing it and putting it on the mattress , I am not impressed ! It does n't fit snug and actually bunches up in the middle ! I would prefer something that wraps all the way around with no bunching or wrinkles in the middle . Any suggestions ?
 It pilled up with the wash and dry -LCB- tumble low -RCB- ! AND it shrunk just the tinest bit so to annoy you because it fits but not quite and you broke your nail trying to get it to touch the bottom of the mattress ! Grrrrrr ...
 My son 's mattress is quite firm . I wanted to add some cushion for his comfort . This pad is not for that at all . I ended up cutting a twin eggcrate pad to add softness to his bed . This pad may be fine for all other reasons but I did n't even try it .
 My mattress is water proof plus I do not use it to change diapers . I threw mine out .
 With `` pad '' included in the name , I expected a cushiony feel for my daughter 's mattress . Instead this was more of a mattress cover . This quilted item is super thin and to have pad as apart of the name is false advertisement . So if you need a cushion feel so your little one can sleep comfortable at night do not order this .
 This pad is so thin that it does n't make any difference in comfort . We wasted almost $ 20 -LRB- after taxes and shipping -RRB- for a pad that is paper thin . You 're better off buying a twin mattress pad at a store and cutting it to size ! It is half the expense of this pad and way more comfortable .
 Newborn nipple ? Right ! My baby choked and gagged on this nipple , and the milk ran down his face . He is doing slightly better on it now , and he is 4 months old . He preferrs the J&J Healthflow bottles which have a smaller nipple .
 I got this bottle for my newborn baby . And I was very disappointed because it is licking a lot of times . I mentioned that when I warm the milk and give it to my baby , the bottle is licking from the side and my baby was all wet . Never buy it again .
 my son had no problems with the nipple or the shape of the bottle -LRB- holding it in his little hands -RRB- . however , this bottle leaks and it 's a nightmare to deal with . as another reviewer wrote , you turn it too much and it leaks , you turn it too little and it leaks.i ca n't count the number of times the milk leaked from under the cap over his face , neck and clothing . in the middle of the night , it 's even more of a headache . i wrote to avent about this problem and i 'm sure they have received other complaints . they should have recalled these bottles ... if the product does not work in the way it 's supposed to , ie . feed your child in a clean , effective , safe manner , then it should not be on the market for people to purchase .
 Everyone says the best bottles are the Avent ones . I have n't found that to be true . My son never liked this one , and I 've tried giving it to him a few times . Thankfully I only bought one to try out , so I did n't invest a lot of money . We just ended up buying the regular old Gerber ones -- in the pretty colors of course -LRB- you can buy at least 6 for what 1 Avent bottle costs -RRB- . I 'll admit we never used the nipples that came with the Gerber bottles , but instead bought the silicone , ortho ones because they were the only ones my son seemed to be able to handle . I did buy some Avent `` sippy cup '' tops to replace the nipple since they will fit on this bottle , so we 'll see how my son takes to those -LRB- maybe the bottle wo n't be a total loss -RRB- .
 Right , everyone says Avant is the `` best '' bottle on the market . I do n't mind what the best means by `` closest to mom 's '' or the `` no air intake '' , it totally does n't work!I mean it works in some cases , but most of the time I have to try turning one degree more at time . You ca n't turn it too much or it will leak . You ca n't turn it too loose or it will leak . If I tried it when I filling in and it does n't leak , it will leak on my baby 's face when feeding ! Sometimes it leaks more on the blanket than in the baby 's mouth.Let 's face it , come on , make a product that works first , then we can talk about performance . We do n't have the problem with any other nipple , even one time use ones . What were Avant thinking ?! Maybe it is our bad luck , or maybe all other ` leaking ' report does n't ring any bell to the company !
 this product is a good one , but the seller shipped me the wrong nipples , not the ones advertized , -LRB- I wanted the cereal nipples which are a # 3 -RRB- , I notified him of the error , he told me it was a mistake in the description and to ship them back to him at MY expense and he would replace them . Needless to say I didnt , I just went out and bought the correct nipples . Unsatisfied with this transaction , as well as a few other internet transactions .
 I ordered 3 different kinds of these and all said they were BPA Free -LRB- or 0 % BPA -RRB- in the description and when they arrived the other two boldly stated in a bright green circle that they did not contain BPA , except this one . I know they made some before the BPA thing became popular so they may be trying to dump their inventory . I returned it just to be safe -LRB- r -RRB- .
 I bought two of those avent nipples . In each package , one nipple is defective . This is the worst transaction I 've made with amazon . So disappointed ! Waste of time to buy and return
 I purchased these because the regular nipples on my wide-neck Dr. Brown bottles have too fast of a flow for my 3 week old -LRB- side note
 I have a 4.5 month old and these newborn nipples are too fast for my breastfed baby . He guzzles a 4 ounce bottle in less than 5 minutes , which is HORRIBLE for a breastfed baby . He doesnt know when hes full and ends up spitting up a ton after feeds . He also ends up with an upset tummy and is extra gassy because of them . Since this is the slowest flow Avent offers , Ive had to look for new bottles . I wish they made slower flow nipples because I really do like the bottles .
 I was a bit disappointed with this nipple . I love the concept but it just did n't work . It was too fast no matter which direction it was positioned and I ended up with a huge mess every time I tried it .
 one of the nipple has some manufacturing defect and cause milk leakage during feeding , which is so irritating .
 For a Newborn Nipple it flows very fast . Specially for a BRAND that prompts its self as being close to breastfeeding which this is nothing close to . Go with NUK bottles they are great and iv used many kinds to find one that I / my son liked .
 The avent system is designed to not totaly seal to the bottle so it can vent through the ring instead of through the holes at the business end of the nipple . They sort of relyed on the fact that you can make something liquid tight but not air tight . The problem with this is when you are shaking the bottle in order to mix the formula with the water 50 % of the time you will have a leak . Also when you tilt the bottle to put it in your childs mouth you will sometimes have a small gush of milk from the ring.I have tried several different things to prevent this . i have assembled it wet , dry , tightly , loosely , moderately , etc. but i cant seem to find a pattern with the leaking , they just leak sometimes . This is especially annoying in the middle of the night.Update
 Do yourself a favor and save some money . If your old nipples do n't seem to have enough flow for your baby anymore , get a needle and make a few more holes into it . If still not enough , make a few more OR make a couple with a hot needle . That is all it takes .
 The avent system is designed to not totaly seal to the bottle so it can vent through the ring instead of through the holes at the business end of the nipple . They sort of relyed on the fact that you can make something liquid tight but not air tight . The problem with this is when you are shaking the bottle in order to mix the formula with the water 50 % of the time you will have a leak . Also when you tilt the bottle to put it in your childs mouth you will sometimes have a small gush of milk from the ring.I have tried several different things to prevent this . i have assembled it wet , dry , tightly , loosely , moderately , etc. but i cant seem to find a pattern with the leaking , they just leak sometimes . This is especially anoying in the middle of the night.Update
 I see all the great reviews here and was so excited when I got these but they are terrible . I had to add baby oatmeal to my 2 month old 's bottles due to severe reflux and he practically gagged with this nipple . The `` slowest '' flow is way too fast .
 On the slowest flow my 5 month old ends up wearing more than he drinks ! This is maddening when its breast milk . I had first tried it out at 3 months and just thought my baby was not ready for it , but by 5 months I know its not my baby , its the nipple .
 Even at the slowest setting -LRB- 1 -RRB- my newborn drowned in his formula . I thought this would be great for his rice cereal/formula mixture , but I was wrong ! I have found that for Enfamil AR that Dr. Browns Standard bottles with the slow flow nipples work just fine !
 I tried this nipple when my son was 4 month and was extremely disappointed with the nipple . The flow was way to fast for a 4 month old unless each feeding needed cereal to be added . But at 4 month a lot of babies do not need cereal to be added to the milk . Also as for the 1,2 and 3 level , who has the time and eye sight to look for it during middle of the night feedings . One item I will never use again .
 INVEST YOUR MONEY IN ANOTHER BRAND PRODUCT!Avent Products USED TO be quality . Back in 2000 the nipples had no vent and worked great . A year ago we decided to use the AVENT bottle system again with our new baby . That was a big mistake . We read the instructions , tried every trick posted on Internet . No matter what , we always ended up SOAKED . Imagine the situation - leaking bottle , SCREAMING hungry baby . After two weeks of this we complained to AVENT . Apparently talking to the Customer Rep they were aware of the issue , suggested their workarounds with me on phone which I made an effort to try to follow their instructions exactly . But they did not work . They then suggested their TEMPO disposable system sending us several bottles and around 400 liners . The TEMPO had a ` clamshell ' that basically sealed the nipple in the ring . It worked GREAT with no problems ever since . At that time the rep assured me AVENT was working on a FIX and I think I know what their FIX was - to DISCONTINUE the TEMPO Disposable . As a registered user they sent no email or warning , I show up at store and find NO TEMPO liners . We had planned on a systematic transition off bottle to sippy cup but now we have no choice but to go COLD TURKEY with less than 6 liners left and nowhere to buy them . Our 1 yr old is too used to the AVENT nipple to invest in another system . Even with leaks he wo n't try the AVENT Bottle.INVEST YOUR MONEY IN ANOTHER BRAND PRODUCT !
 At the tip of the nipple are the 1,2,3 , or 4 holes and there is a circle around them . This circle pops out when there is too much pressure applied while washing . Now I am assuming it is ripping out while I wash them -LRB- I use a bottle brush and apply pressure on the inside of the nipple pushing a lot of soapy water through the little holes -RRB- . However , what 's interesting is that this has only happened to the # 4 nipples . You would think it would have happened to the other ones too since they have even fewer holes.I am assuming the tip is popping out while I wash because it would kill me to think it is ripping out while the baby is sucking on it and she could choke on it . It has now happened to 6 nipples !!! And the first 3 I did n't discover until after she was drinking from them and had a geyser of formula being fed to her.I should add that when I went to buy a replacement packet of # 4 nipples -LRB- there are 2 in a packet -RRB- , inside the packet they were actually both # 1 nipples and the tips were BOTH slashed cut -LRB- not ripped , but cut with a blade -RRB- . I called Avent . They sent me one replacement nipple and an envelope for me to send them the damaged nipples back . I 'm debating if I should send them the 6 other nipples with the torn out tips.And have you notice how the bottles always leak . I found this dad 's blog with instructions and pictures to make sure they do n't leak , and it works . -LSB- ... -RSB- If my assumption is correct that the tips are coming out while being washed -LRB- and not while the baby is sucking on them -RRB- , then I suppose if you are careful while washing , the nipples are good .
 Do yourself a favor and save some money . If your old nipples do n't seem to have enough flow for your baby anymore , get a needle and make a few more holes into it . If still not enough , make a few more OR make a couple with a hot needle . That is all it takes .
 We brought these nipples based on all the raving reviews and write up 's online . However our newborn is now here and was n't putting on enough weight . Our pediatrician told us these are the worse brand of bottles on the market for newborns and should n't be used until the baby is at least 5 months old . The reason for this is because the nipple is too large for a newborn to latch on to and they 're unable to get enough . We are now using the Medela nipples instead and he 's feeding so much better .
 I bought my Diaper Genie in 1997 when I was pregnant with my first child , and used it again in 1999 when I had my second . I just had my third child and bought two refills , which I realize now do n't fit into my Diaper Genie . Although I noticed it said `` Diaper Genie XL '' on the package , I did n't realize it was a new model , and I did n't know it would n't fit the old ones too . I really think they should clearly state this on the front of the package so that people do n't get taken for a ride . The new refill canister is only off by a fraction of an inch , which leads me to believe that Playtex did this thinking they would make more money by everybody going out to buy a new Diaper Genie . Instead , I went out and bought a Diaper Champ from Baby Trend . It works just as well as the Diaper Champ at controlling odor , but it 's easier to use -LRB- one-handed operation -RRB- and the biggest plus is that it uses regular bags -- no special liners to buy . Ha ! Take that , Playtex !
 I am also using the Original Diaper Genie and have never found any refills to fit . I bought the Genie as a gift for my sister with her first child in 1994 -LRB- she has 2 children -RRB- and now 10 years later I am using it for my newborn . What a disappointment it was when I realized the Genie was redesigned !!! :-LRB- Luckily , there was a partially used refill left in her Genie ; I have been removing the liner from the new refills and stuffing them in the old ring . This is a hassel but I refuse to buy a new one when the one I have works perfectly . I am giving the Diaper Genie 2 stars because of the refill problem . Other than that , I am totally pleased !! My husband loves it too !!!
 I am really disappointed to not be able to find refills for my original size Diaper Genie . Being that this is my 5th and final child I wo n't be buying a new diaper disposal system , so Playtex and retailers are losing business for those of us not replacing our systems , but still desiring the original refills . Target was the last place I could find my refills and it now seems even they are not carrying them !
 I bought a two pack of these pacifier keepers and they both broke in only 4-6 weeks . The plastic clip broke , releasing a small plastic ring that my son could have choked on in addition to leaving sharp plastic edges . Although pacifier keepers can be very useful , I feel this version is completely unsafe and dangerous for babies .
 I ordered these nipples because my children will not take any other and I was so excited to find them since they have become so hard to find ! I was willing to pay the outrageous price just to get them in hand . I waited , anxiously for them to arrive , only to find an entirely different item in the box . Instead of 2 squared off laytex fast flow nipples as pictured , I recieved 2 silicone rounded nipples . I am angry not only for the false advertising , but also because I have to now send them back and pay a re-stocking fee to the company who sent them out ! Amazon - you let me down !!!!
 The item was OLD and the packaging was almost open . How terrible it was to receive this . The latex on the nipples was so old it was hard and completely unusable . I struggled to get my baby to take a bottle and was desperate for help ... receiving this and knowing I wasted my money was like a kick in the booty .
 The nipples received were dated 1998 , 2004 , and 2001 . I was shocked that someone would sell a product this outdated . Very UNsatisfied with this purchase .
 I bought these medium flow nipples expecting them to feel very similar to the slow flow nipples , however they are quite different in texture . My LO did not like them -LRB- made a funny ` what is this ? ' face -RRB- . So unfortunately the purchase was a bust for us .
 we tried these nipples after using the Nuk orthodontic latex nipples because we needed to step up the flow and Nuk does n't make their nipples in anything other than a slow flow -LRB- at least , i could n't find them if they do -RRB- . however , my breastfed baby did not like them . the base of the nipple looks more rounded in the images than it is -- it 's actually quite flat . we found that our son preferred something he could put his whole mouth around , as it would more closely resemble nursing . these nipples were a no-go . we ended up just making the hole bigger in the Nuk nipples and that seemed to do the trick . it 's too bad Nuk does n't make a medium flow nipple , but these definitely were not a good alternative .
 I was so excited when I got these in the mail , because my daughter has n't been happy with a single nipple yet . I thought these would do the trick , but she can not latch onto them properly . She is exclusively bottlefed , so she does n't open her mouth up very wide like a breastfed baby would . I give these nipples a 1 star because they are just plain NASTY ! I do n't know what they made these out of , or what they put on them , but they smell terrible ! Like . . chicken bouillon or something . . pretty gross . I probably would n't use these even if my baby liked them , just because of how bad they stink .
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that this product contains BPA / Bisphenol A. I returned mine . Pacifiers , bottles , breast pumps can have BPA in them as well such as the AVENT products that I returned . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 the handles are perfect ... your child will definately learn to hold on and eat , but the spoon itself ... crappy ! The food wont stay because is flat and depedning what your child is trying to eat , it will go through the wholes ... I got another similar spoon but its actually a spoon and a fork with the same handle . My son loved it and learned to eat from it well !
 I do n't like them that much . The handle has a strange shape that makeit impossible for my daughter to hold , plus it is too big for hermouth so she 's just playing with it and not eating from it.Another thing is that in the picture you see 2 blue spoons and I got 2pink ones -LRB- I have a daughter so it was ok for me -RRB- . I have to add that my baby eats preaty well with other spoons -LRB- gerber and the first years -RRB-
 We found the Less Mess Spoons to be too wide , and the holes to be a total gimmick . Read more about our experience with Sassy baby utensils at omnivorouschild.wordpress.com/2009/12/20/pointless-forks-and-perforated-spoons/
 Being completely plastic , made it more difficult for my daughter to learn to eat on her own , than a spoon with a stainless steel handle . These were just too light weight . The shape was also difficult to maneuver for myself and my child . We tried them maybe a couple of times , and then they stayed in the drawer .
 I bought these spoons because of the good reviews , but was n't impressed . The holes were n't a problem , but did n't seem to be a benefit either . The handles are just too short . Not only did they usually end up down in the bowl , but they were n't easy for my kids to hold . We much prefered the Nuby spoon & fork set , which we got at Walmart under their store label . They worked great from when the kids first started feeding themselves , and my 4 year old still prefers it over a metal spoon .
 It 's much more work to clean this bottle -LRB- if you follow manufacurer 's instructions -RRB- than any other one . And if you are using a bottle warmer , be prepared that hot water will be traped in the holes in the bottom of the bottle and it might drip out of there when you might not expect it .
 Being pregnant for the first time I tried to gather as much info as possible on everything concerning baby care . I noticed that VentAire system was widely advertized as the only `` bubble free '' angeled bottle and was considered to be the best on the market . Naturally , we wanted the best for our Little One so VentAire were the only bottles on our registry . I tried to introduce the bottle -LRB- per lactation specialist 's advice -RRB- when our daughter was 4 weeks old . It was a disaster ! No , she did not refuse to take it - she sucked real hard , her forhead even was wet from perspiration . She worked on the bottle for an hour and a half and merely ate 1 ounce . I had to burp her 3 times 'cause that `` bubble-free '' bottle still had bubbles in it and my baby was swallowing air -LRB- she usually does n't need to burp when brestfed -RRB- . No need to say that she was completely exhausted but still hungry ... We did not give up and offered her VentAire bottle over and over again with the same outcome . Thinking that the hole in the nipple is too small we tried `` stage 2 '' nipples since Playtex does not recommend to enlarge holes manually . The very first minute as we gave it to our baby she started chocking with milk and seconds later was throwing up . I am so frustrated with this bottle ! My baby is back at the breast and I 'm searching for a more baby-friendly bottle . Oh , forgot to mention - the only good thing I found about this bottle is that it 's really easy to hold ... but it 's up to you whether to spend hours holding it or just to find another one .
 Suction bowls are a GREAT idea , too bad this one does n't have any suction ! Initially , it sticks to my little ones high chair tray , but after about a minute , it comes loose completely . I even moisten the bottom to create more suction , and that still does n't work . The only way it sticks to the her tray is if I constantly push on it . Save your money and try something else . I 'm currently looking for a new suction bowl . For more reviews and ideas , visit my blog -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Either I have the world 's strongest 13 month old , or the suction feature on this bowl is non-existent .
 I bought this suctioned bowl and one other -LRB- the Munchkin stay-put -RRB- hoping that one of them would actually stick . I like this one slightly better because the rubber suction part comes off for washing , BUT neither one of them really suctions that well -LRB- this one marginally better than the Munchin -RRB- on our high chair tray or wooden table . Suction seems to be better on our glass coffee table , but of course that 's NOT where we need it !
 This did not work for a 10 month old . First serving and baby pulled it off and the rest ... well imagine the mess . The material is of quality . Sassy Baby Less Mess TODDLER Bowl ... did not deliver .
 Our experience with the E-Z Grip Spoon by Sassy was fine , but it is wasteful to package it with a useless fork . Read more about our experience with Sassy utensils at Raising An Omnivorous Child on wordpress . Check out `` Pointless Forks and Perforated Spoons '' in the Dec 2009 archives .
 I confess that I got the knobs for my dog , who turned the gas on once . But the problem is that I can not open the things either . It takes a fair amount of hand strength to open the knobs . I will have to find another solution . The idea is fine , just not the actual use .
 This sprayer is very poor quality and feels very cheap and leaked from the moment I got it . After ordering a set of replacement parts the second unit began to leak within a week . I ended up throwing it in the trash after the second try . I would highly discourage you from buying this product . The high scoring reviews also seem fake with duplicate posts appearing .
 I was so disappointed . I have had a bid ole for many years and whether this is a different manufacture or company what ever it is something is very different . The quality was poor the attachment pieces were cheap and non workable . After it had been attached for a short while the sprayhead blew off and the plastic cracked . The orginal I have had for over 8 years , this did n't last a month ...
 I am trying to reach Bidet Ole but only have an e mail address ... does anyone have a phone number for them?thank you !
 Had purchased a similar sprayer -LRB- more expensive -RRB- for one of my daughters & she loves it , so bot one -LRB- NOT the same sprayer -RRB- from this vendor & it never did work well ... it leaked badly , fittings were broken ... my son-in-law just went to hardware store & purchased parts so they could use it ... too bad ... wo n't purchase the `` Bitet Ole '' again ! A waste of time & money .
 Bidet Ole does not have a flow control . At my house the water was blasting off as if you were using a pressure washer ! A couple of people who used it at my house told me that it hurt for a while after use , and they would not use it again . Also the water in the toilet will splash all over you if you hit it with the powerful stream.Worse than that , the bidet started to leak the same day we installed it . I tried using threading tape , and then installing a washer , but that did not help . The leak means we have to swtich off water to the toilet to stop the leak from messing up our floors . We then have to switch it back on any time we need to flush . What a pain this is.I bought this item via Amazon and contacted seller for return instructions , but it 's been over a week and I have not heard anything back . Unfortunately Amazon does not offer much help with items bought from third parties . I might be stuck with a defective and possibly dangerous product . When I ordered this items there were no user reviewes of it , so I thought it might help if I share my personal experience with it .
 I had no trouble with the first package of these diapers , so I bought 3 more of them . With the first few diapers I realized that these were n't too good for overnight , I still use Huggies or Pampers for then , and other times like long car trips , or shopping expeditions where diaper changes are n't so easy . But my main problem with these diapers is that they seem to cause a rash on my daughter in the area where the leg band rubs in the crease in her inner thigh . She has never had a problem with diaper rash , I think this is more of a contact dermatitis . This takes up to a week to clear up , and is in an area where cream gets rubbed off before it has a chance to do any good . I stopped using the seventh generation diapers until the rash was cleared up , and have tried to use them on several occasions since the initial rash , with the same results . Once I only had the diaper on her for less than an hour , and the rash had come back . -LRB- With three bags of these , I hated to think that 21/2 bags would go to waste - that 's not good for the earth or my pocketbook . -RRB- I only use these as my `` back-up '' diapers , for use when I run out of the others before I get to the store for more . I 'm guessing my daughter is just allergic to something in these , or possibly the texture on the exterior of the diaper is too rough , and causes a chaffing problem . Either way , even though I am in favor of products like these , I 'm not planning on purchasing any more of these diapers .
 I got this as soon as my daughter learned to shut doors to save her fingers . I chose this for the adorable factor . I guess you get what you ask for . It is adorable but does not work for me . My doors do not have knobs but handles so it is almost impossible to get the elastic band around the handle . It simply does not work for my doors . And I bought two !
 My nephew who is a week old had a terrible time with the Nuk Orthodontic nipples in the stage 1 slow flow nipple . He latched onto the nipple just fine but after 5 to 15 mins of constant sucking , my nephew couldnt get any formula at all . We changed out the nipple on the bottle and he downed the formula immediately . Nana and I threw out these nipples , they didnt work at all for him ! Maybe other parents or aunts will have better luck with this product than we did .
 I 'm looking for a new stroller as I have had this for 5 mths and I 've had enough of trying to steer it with two hands -LRB- impossible to steer with one hand -RRB- . The basket is not accessible so I have only used it a couple of times and when I did , objects would scrape along the ground.The harness is n't good as my daughter can wiggle and loosen them in a minute.The adjustable seat does n't sit upright enough which makes her want to get out even more.The footmuff can only be used by little ones as it seems to be too small -LRB- I tend to take off her shoes so its more comfortable -RRB- . The net drink holder has become my key and phone holder as I wounld n't dare put drinks in there.I love the adjustable handles and rain cover , though !
 This seat is good for short trips . My daughter loves the colors on this seat , but complains about a sore rear end after about half an hour due to a lack of seat padding . She also has a hard time sleeping on trips due to the upright positioning of the seat - her head bobs forward and she gets a stiff neck . Since the seat needs to be flush against the back of the actual car seat , it 's not adjustable for comfort . It 's kind of a pain to move between cars too - the seat back releases very easily from the base and we keep dropping the base . It just feels flimsy . The stationary armrests make it difficult to buckle the seat belt and adjust it . It 'd be great if they flipped up out of the way .
 Yes , it 's a really cool looking diaper bag and I 've gotten many compliments on it . I have the orange/red/white geometric pattern . I used it for my daughter four years ago for about 8 months , then started using a backpack . I have been using it with my second child for the past 7 months and ca n't wait to get into another backpack.Here 's why I like it :1 . It 's spacious and you can fit a lot in it . This is great during the infant stage because you can carry lots of diapers and a couple changes of clothes . I use the inside bottle holder for my own drink since I nurse .2 . The pattern/color is hip .3 . It stands up on its own .4 . It 's entirely wipeable.Here 's why I do n't like it :1 . It 's rigid and big , so it takes some maneuvering in small spaces -LRB- you could seriously give someone a concussion if you 're not careful -RRB- . Takes some `` smooshing '' to fit into most car interiors .2 . The outer plastic can get punctures .3 . While there are many compartments , I am constantly losing things inside it . The outside slit opening is hard to see into . And , I especially do n't like the side velcro pockets . It 's impossible to get your hand into it to pull out whatever has settled at the bottom . And , no my hands are not big - just average . One more thing , the flap is bulky , too , and wants to close when you need it open most - very frustrating .4 . It only hangs on my shoulder , and not well . It 's really uncomfortable to hang across my chest , which I suppose it was not made to do . But , it always falls off my shoulder . Try carrying an infant car seat and have a very large bag that keeps falling off your shoulder . UGH.When I take this bag out , I ca n't help but think I look like the new mom that took a suitcase with me . The only reason I used it with my second child was because I was not up to spending another $ 100 on a new bag . Well , after going between this bag and a smaller Vera Bradley backpack -LRB- that was too small -RRB- , I decided to go for a mid-size backpack.HANDS FREE IS KEY !!!!! Do n't waste your money on this . In my experience , it does n't have longevity and frustrating to use .
 I am so sad to say that this bag is a bust ! I enjoy rotating -LRB- meaning buying new ones -RRB- diaper bags every 6-8 weeks or so . I had n't spent more than $ 30 on any of my bags until this one . This bag is ALL HIPE ! The flap is so rigid and unflexible that it is always in the way and causing problems . The exterior side pockets are worthless . I thought the laminated fabric would be great and keep it clean ... wrong again , it makes the bag hard to handle and actually looks kind of grungy when it does get something on it . -LRB- Would usually wipe clean , probably , but I never got around to it -RRB- . The very best thing about this bag is the inside organization pockets . They are great , tons of them and lots of different sizes to keep everything in it 's place . I was fed up with this bag after the first time I left the house with it . I 'm not one to gripe about things too much , but I am disgusted with the performance of this bag and it 's outrageous price . I 'm going to clean mine up and put it on Ebay to try to get something for it . My opinion would be to stick with the less expensive bags so if they 're bad it 's not painful to replace them . The 2 stars are for the inside pocket arrangement and the grippy , wide shoulder strap , which was my main justification , so I could just throw it over the sroller handles.-Avid bag buyer , Happy Mom of 13 month old boy
 The first time I used this spout guard , the bubble bath did not drain from the deposit area . When I lifted the top to clean it out , the top snapped & will not snap back down correctly . Also , the spout does not fit correctly on my tub . Only about 4 inches of the tub spout is covered when attached , so water shoots out in every direction . The plastic would have to be cut in order to allow bath & water to mix as needed .
 I would have loved to try this product , but it seems to be on back order . After nearly 2 months , I still have not received it . Unfortunate .
 Everything was great until I saw the piggy bank which has repeated printing on both sides and it should have different printing on each side since I own another one just like it , very disappointed !
 I thought this product would be helpful for sleeping , since it was recommended from a friend . However it does n't work for me . I took it out of the box and it was just in a plastic bag . After trying it for 5 minutes I decided that I did n't like it and tried to return it . The company would only issue store credit because I `` opened '' it . What a rip off .
 Music is too loud and when you wind it up all the way it only spins for about 60 seconds .
 The ones I own are organic cotton , so maybe the fabric is different , but they are much too stretchy and they do n't have as many velcro tabs as the Kiddopotamus ones to keep it fastened well enough ; my daughter always wiggles her arms out . And according to the `` Happiest Baby '' DVD , the arms are the most important part to have swaddled , the legs do n't matter . Also , it has darts and shaping , and I ca n't figure out where they 're supposed to go , they do n't fit on her in any place that makes sense.I like the Kiddopotamus ones much better .
 I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product . I ordered this and the Zanzibar lamp from Baby SuperMall to go in my baby 's room . The lamp is gorgeous and matches the rest of the room perfectly . This night light is very cheap looking , cartoonish , the colors are faded and washed out when not lit , and almost disappear when lit . I bought it with a gift certificate , and since I need a night light in there I 'm going to keep it . But it 's really not worth $ 15 - save your money and buy one of the other Zanzibar items and get a plain ol' cheap night light from Wal-Mart or Target.The Baby SuperMall folks are very proactive , give great customer service , and my orders shipped very quickly - I will definitely buy from them again in the future !
 The light is ok but the problem is that it will only plug into horizontal outlets . All outlets in the house are vertical -LRB- one prong on top of the other -RRB- and the light will be laying on its side.They should change the design 90 degrees or even better have it rotatable .
 I did not buy from this seller , but this product is faulty ! The ties that hold the bumper in place come unstitched . We heard our 7 month old daughter gagging on her monitor . When I ran into her room , I found about 3 inches of pink strap hanging from her mouth . The other 6 inches were down her throat ! This could have killed her if we did not get to her in time . The manufacturer took my information but has not rectified the situation . BUYER BEWARE . THIS PRODUCT IS HARMFUL TO BABIES !
 I thought that it was very cheap looking . You ca n't tell from the picture , but the print is outlines of bunnies fishing in ponds , etc. . I returned the product and the curtains the same day it arrived . I ordered the Trend Lab Versailles crib set instead . I am still waiting for it to come .
 The title and the packaging suggest that this box is filled with recipes for infants and toddlers . Unfortunately , this has very few recipes . These are high gloss index cards with nutrition information . These index cards are very impractical for reading because if the cards go out of sequence you ca n't make sense of the reading . My toddler took the cards out of the box and I do n't have time to reorganize the cards back in sequence ! So instead of helping me save time as this bistro box claims to do , it has given me more mess to clean . I threw out the cards and now use this as a very expensive recipe box .
 The recipes in this box are fine . I do make one recipe regularly . The problem is that there are so very very few recipes in all . There are a lot of sections but the cards go on and on about the basics of nutrition and some sections that seem like they should have a recipe or two in them -LRB- Dessert ? I was curious what they would have for a dessert for a toddler , well , I am still wondering -RRB- but they do n't , they just discuss the topic . That is fine and interesting but they are so obviously filler for a lack of recipe ideas that it is frustrating since that is what I purchased this for . Also , there are multiple recipes on each card and finding anything again can be difficult . I guess I would have preferred a book and so I will now use this experience to form future purchases .
 my infant son has terrible eczema and i was desperate to help him . read reviews saying `` this works ! '' so i got it but turns out its just another thick lotion with no effect like all the others
 My son suffers from quite severe eczema . He is 6 years old . I tried this when he was about 3 yrs old and again at 5 years old . His itching was not relieved , the redness and bumps did n't go away . I tried it the second time out of shear desperation and the great reviews . We 've had the greatest success with 2 baths a day and cetaphil lotion -LRB- the thick one in the tub not pump bottle -RRB- while his skin is still damp.Good luck to all you parents that are spending many sleepless nights trying to prevent your child from digging their skin off . You 're not alone .
 Ok ... so you want a product that is going to help your growing baby , not harm it right ?? Please be warned the first ingredient in this product is petrolatum which is a by product of petroleum . Could seem harmless as we all grew up using vasoline for something around our house , but take a closer look and you will find this is not as harmless as it appears . Petrolatum can have side effects like breast tumors , suffocation of the skin , premature aging and aggravated acne . This also contains 3 different parabens which are currently caught up in a controversy that they can be associated with carcinogenic and weaken estrogenic activity that could lead to tumors and even cancer . There are other products out there like Babyganics or Wedela that do not contain these products and are safe for your little one . Please do your own research to understand and make up your own mind regarding this product .
 My baby is 6 months old . I applied this cream all over her back -LRB- where her rash was -RRB- `` liberally '' as per instruction and tried to massage it into her skin . I was a bit concern that it seems to just make the area greasy and the skin is not absorbing the cream . From past history with my own eczema , creams that leaves on greasy often does n't help and usually makes the condition worse . Sure enough , it did n't help and seems to make it worse . After using it for 2 days and seeing the rash growing and getting bumpier and redder , I switched over to the Aveeno Baby Eczema cream and you can see vast improvement in a day . By the start of day 3 using the Aveeno product , the rash is all gone from her back . So we wo n't be using the Gentle Natural cream anymore and will stick with Aveeno instead .
 I was desperate to relieve baby 's itchy red eczema . This did n't work at all . In fact , it made the eczema angrier ! I wonder if baby is sensitive to one or more of the ingredients . I would n't say the product is bad in and of itself ... just that it did n't work for me .
 My kids have eczema and this product was a so so lotion , not even a dense cream like aquaphor . This lotion is OK as a lotion , smells OK , but did n't do anything for the eczema .
 I bought it for my baby but will not use it . THe ingredients are pretty bad . I will stick to my organic shampoos .
 The good news is that these placemats stick to the table . The bad news is that the adhesive does not come off the table when you remove the placemat . Had a couple of embarrassing moments at restaurants when the adhesive was stuck to the table !
 I used one of these on my Mom 's dining room table , and had a heck of a time getting it unstuck from the table . Since then , we use them solely on picnic tables while we 're camping .
 Do n't buy unless you do n't plan to stick it to the table -LRB- and is n't that the point of these things ? -RRB- . Almost could n't get it off the restaurant table - well , the paper came off , but left severe glue streaks stuck on the table . Thought we were going to have to sneak out of the restaurant , but we finally managed to scrape it all off after about ten minutes of arduous fingernail scraping .
 Well , I should have listened to the other reviewer . This product is crap . The placemat tears easily -LRB- just like the bib -RRB- and the adhesive is unforgiving . I had to apologize to the owner of a restaurant because I could n't get all the glue off his wooden table .
 Maybe we should have introduced this toy when my twins were younger . At 9 months old , they have zero interest in it .
 I loved the way this looked and felt , and it seemed sturdy and well made -LRB- which it is -RRB- . But my son had less than zero interest in it . Although it was easy to grasp , it was hard for my son to get in his mouth -LRB- which is pretty much the point of any toy or teether for him -RRB- . Once he found he could n't get it in his mouth , he tossed it aside , and has not glanced at it since .
 my daughter showed no interest in the toy winkel . She loks at it then throws it to the side . waste of money .
 I was very unhappy with this misrepresented toy . The baby 's family this gift was supposed to be given to is trying to avoid purchasing &#34; made in China &#34; toys.I searched Amazon.com for toys made in the USA . This was one of the first entries . However , it is made in China.One very unhappy customer !
 I thought my baby would like this to chew on , but I do n't think he ever did . He would hold it once in awhile but not enough to be worth it . He had no interest in it .
 This toy does not really make much noise or the texture is interesting enough for our little one to bite on . He just passes it by for other toys .
 This was one of the first items we were given when we found out I was expecting . I was excited to receive it as I thought it would be a great toy . It was colorful , easy to grasp , light-weight , and made noise . Well , my son is now almost 7 months , and although we introduced it early and it gets regular rotation , he never has any interest in playing with it for more than about 10 seconds .
 My 6 month old loves the Manhattan Toy Winkel ! I highly recommend this toy and all of its uses , but buy in an actual storefront to know what you 're getting . The price on Amazon was hard to beat , but received second rate toy .1 . Nowhere in the listing does it say colors may vary . And if you go to the Manhattan Toy website , you will find only two variations in the colors of this toy . The one we received was not as pictured . A baby does n't care about colors , but when I receive something not as pictured or described in the listing , and especially not like what is found on the brand website , I question authenticity .2 . Even more concerning is that the center rattle piece was also slightly damaged - two cracks on one side , peeling on a corner , and polka dots not solidly painted . Toy seems safe for babies and small children and hard to destroy in transit , so I 'm not sure how the quality of this toy was overlooked prior to shipping . Definitely not the same quality of the Winkels my friends have or that I 've seen sold in stores!Did they think I would n't notice any of this ?!
 My baby had this since she was 6 months old and she is now 13-months-old . Until recently she liked to chew on everything she could get her hands on except this toy . She would always get bored of it within a minute or two .
 I entered the search criteria `` baby toys made in usa '' . This toy came up third on the list . Funny that , hidden on the bottom of the packaging , are those three little words `` Made in China '' . Come on , Amazon , you must be more careful about how you label items .
 I bought this toy for my daughter after reading all of the reviews on Amazon . I really thouht this toy would be a winner , but since giving it to my 6 month old daughter she has yet to play with it . Every time I try to reintroduce it to her she just instantly drops it and wants to be given something else . I thought she would bite on it like all the babies in the pictures but she could care less about it . Considering it is a more expensive little toy I was very disappointed . I gave the toy to my friends baby and she too does n't care for it at all .
 Another really interesting and fun looking item that had to be returned because it was made in China . Not good , and not recommended for a baby.Wish this was n't the case .
 The product appears to be colorful and perfect for a teething baby , HOWEVER ... I bought this solely because it came up when I searched for `` toys not made in China '' . The list was extremely limited so I trusted that the short list would include only what I had requested . I purchased two toys . Both toys , selected from this very limited list , say very clearly that they were made in China . This is the second time I have purchased and returned `` toys not Made in China '' from Amazon . I am so frustrated and disgusted .
 I searched for `` made in the USA '' in baby toys . This came up and had great reveiws and I impulsivelypurchased it . When I received it , I found it was `` made in China '' I 'm very disappointed . I 'm not real comfortablewith my grandson chewing on anything made in China - there seems to be a lot of lead in their products .
 Once again I read the reviews before I bought it . And my baby girl never plays with it . I feel this item is overpriced . I do not recommend this product .
 I regret buying this toy for my baby . It frustrates her to tears so ended up tossed aside . I bought it BC it was so highly rated but was a waste of precious money .
 I bought this toy for my baby based on the glowing reviews but wish I had n't -LRB- I also see the price has gone up since I bought it for $ 9.50 , which is still a high price -RRB- . My baby ignored the winkel for the longest time , finally paying some attention to it at 5 months , for a few seconds . It does not hold her interest at all . Her first tooth is coming through now -LRB- at 7 months -RRB- and I put it in the refrigerator overnight and then gave it to her . It was barely cold after being in the fridge all night and became room temperature almost immediately.If she had n't put it in her mouth , I would return it . The only positive thing I can say is that it is relatively easy for babies to hold -LRB- although it is a bit heavy for when they first start holding things -RRB- . My baby much prefers her Sophie the Giraffe and Freddie the Firefly .
 I bought this for my almost 4-month old , mostly based on its favorable reviews . However , I was disappointed when it arrived without a working rattle . There must be one tiny little pen-sized ball in there , and it makes noise only if I vigorously shake it - ca n't really justify this as a &#34; rattle . &#34; Also , while it is easy for little hands to graps , my baby holds it for about 5 seconds before losing interest . I 've been retrying for a month now , and she still hates it . Waste of money for me .
 I had high hopes for this one but my son was not impressed at all . I try to introduce it to him every couple of weeks or so to see if he 'll gain some interest in it but 4 months later and it 's still a no go . As far as quality and such goes , it 's good .
 This toy has bright colors which my 9 month old son likes but he 's shown no interest in this toy .
 We gave this to our son when he was 11 months old . By that point , he was n't really into passing a toy back and forth between hands . Though this toy is fun to look at , it is not a manipulative toy , so the parts ca n't be moved or adjusted to make it look different , which I think would appeal to an older baby . As it is , my son looked at it , turned it around in his hands , then tossed it and looked for something else to play with.The manufacturer 's recommended age range was up to 18 months and that is very misleading . At 15 months old now , I think my son will only be using this to throw at his brother ! Actually , I 'm planning on giving it to a friend 's much younger baby .
 I purchased this based on rave reviews from others . Unfortunately my baby was not at all interested in this toy . She otherwise likes balls , rattles and other items . I gave away to a friend .
 ASIN : B000BNCA4K Manhattan Toy Winkel This toy was bought for a one year old infant . It is not worth the money I spent for it . I am very disappointed as it is smaller than than I imagined it to be . It is very light weight , which is good for the baby , but she is not interested in it .
 Got this for baby when he was 6 months old - he tried it and put it aside . He 's 20 months now , still not playing with it .
 Yet an another toy made in China . If you look at the company 's website they might be a U.S. company and they might say that all Manhattan toys are made in the U.S. although right on the toy it says Maid in China . What a disappointment .
 my baby did n't like this at all ... i thought it was cool , but the bell in the middle barely rings . I 'm unimpressed.its not very well designed for babies .
 I bought an almost identical toy for my son when he was 4 months old and he loves it -- but I bought it at the local dollar store . Lots of places for his little hands to grip onto while he was learning to grip and he still plays with it now that he is 10 months old . I 'm just not sure it would be worth it at this price - - it was well worth it for the dollar I paid !
 My twins loved the similar toy I bought at Dollar Tree . The one at Dollar Tree has a duck or pig in center instead of a red mass.I can not believe they charge this much for the same thing !
 This toy is great to look at and fits really well into a very small baby 's hand but it 's BORING ! It does n't do anything at all except look cute .
 My 4 month old baby loves this toy . It is easy to grab and gum . However , we had to stop playing with it because he would gum it for 30 min and periodically cross his eyes ! The first time I saw this happening , I took the toy away and we 'll try again maybe when he 's older . Most teethers sit below baby 's eye level when in the mouth . This toy is not meant to be a teether , but because of the way it 's shaped , baby will definitely want to chew on it . -LRB- note - baby does not cross his eyes otherwise -RRB- .
 After purchasing this product for my son , I was really upset when it arrived , WHAT YOU SEE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET ! It is useless and over-priced ... I should have gotten something else ! Never again ! I wo n't recommend this buying this toy to anyone ...
 I was really excited to get this toy for my daughter , because all the reviews were so positive . The toy got dirty so I washed it in some soapy water , this is when it bled green dye all over the wash cloth . If it 's bleeding dye from a little soap , who knows how much dye my little one could ingest when she 's chewing on it ... Needless to say I threw it out .
 When receiving this toy , a strong odor oozed from the plastic rings . I even washed it , but the smell was zoo strong , and decided to return it . I rather pay a little more and get a healthy toy for my newborn . Stronger the odor the more toxic the plastic is . Just FYI . So before buying any plastic object , the parents should smell it first . If it smells quite strong and you can not stand longer than 30 sec . , one should know where they stand .
 We were given this toy and the Skwish as gifts . My daughter loved both -LRB- I 've put them away -RRB- . That said , I 've looked at the packaging and the Manhattan Toy website , and can not find any reference at all to pthalate and BPA content . I 've emailed the company , Manhattan Toy , twice , asking them about the pthalate , BPA and paint content , but I 've received no response , which makes me think they would rather not say . Their website says they comply with all laws , etc. , but that goes without saying . Some toy companies voluntarily keep pthalates and BPA out of their toys .
 I loved the look of this bassinet and so bought it a few months ago to check it out before my son arrives in July . It is absolutely horrid . The bassinet arrived and the base smelled like toxic paint ! The company tried to help me out - they sent me new parts but those were n't sanded down nor were all painted ! Then they sent me another set and that set smelled like the first.I finally have decided to return it and go with another company . I did love the basket and the fabric , but would never trust my child in this bassinet.Frankly , after all the smells , I wo n't buy anything painted from this company .
 I bought this item and received it in bad shape . I had to repair it because i needed it for a party . i was very disappointed . I hid the broken piece by using ribbons to cover it . I had to glue the jewel back on .
 I loved the look of this bassinet and so bought it a few months ago to check it out before my son arrives in July . It is absolutely horrid . The bassinet arrived and the base smelled like toxic paint ! The company tried to help me out - they sent me new parts but those were n't sanded down nor were all painted ! Then they sent me another set and that set smelled like the first.I finally have decided to return it and go with another company . I did love the basket and the fabric , but would never trust my child in this bassinet.Frankly , after all the smells , I wo n't buy anything painted from this company .
 I bought these because I wanted very badly to breastfeed my daughter but we were having latch-on problems . I was told that nipple shields could be helpful for this.I went with the Avent because overall , I am super impressed with their products . I only use their bottles and pacifiers and have been a happy customer in the past.I do n't really recommend these specific nipple shields . I ca n't get them to stay in place and they are really akward . My daughter dislikes using them and I ca n't get her to nurse with these.If you are in the market for a nipple shield , go with the Medela brand ones . Those are much easier to use and less akward for baby .
 I was given the Medela nipple shield in the hospital , but after a few weeks of use I was scared that I might lose or damage it and be unable to breastfeed my baby . I went to the store to buy a back up nipple shield . I bought the AVENT nipple shield because I got 2 for the price of 1 Medela one.I love my Medela nipple shield much better ! Here are the differences :1 -RRB- AVENT is much stiffer2 -RRB- AVENT hurts to put on -LRB- not horribly bad -RRB- 3 -RRB- AVENT does not stay on as wellI still have the AVENT in my diaper bag incase of an emergency , but I would rather not use it . I am still using my Medela nipple shield -LRB- 3 months strong ! -RRB-
 Nipple shields in general are hard to use , but these were nearly impossible . It 's a great idea to have so much open space to allow for more mouth to skin contact from the baby , but I just could n't get them to stay on because there was so little area around the shield . If you 're a pro at using shields , then these are probably great . I just could n't get the hang of them .
 For my last child I had to use nipple shields for a while and they worked fine . I do n't know if my experience is unique - but I just ordered these with my second child and they were far to big for her - they made her gag . Could not continue use of product .
 I used these temporarily since initially my nipples were cracked and bleeding . My husband had gotten me NUK-barely there at Walmart . I ordered these -LRB- since I had their pump and loved it -RRB- and another brand through Amazon to see if they were better , and they both failed miserably . My daughter latched on without problems with the NUK-barely there , but she hated these . I believe since they were thicker and bulkier she disliked them . After trying to use them multiple times , I gave up and ordered extra NUK-barely there nipple shields . Do n't waste your money on these .
 The Avent Nipple protectors encapsulate the word `` functional . '' They do their function ; however , they are thick , large , and cause my baby to nurse harder . Unlike the Medela nipple shield that give size options and offer a much thinner , more supple plastic , these Avent protectors are one size and feel terrible . Their great upside is the price , which is basically half of the higher quality , better designed Medela guards . I would recommend these as backups or money savers . But you what you save in money , you lose in design and comfort .
 I bought this from Target yesterday . All I get is a flashing green light and beeping - LOUD beeping from the receiver that was so loud it woke up my son from the next room with the door closed . That 's supposed to indicate that it 's out of range , but like I said , I was in the next room . Everything was plugged in and set up correctly , and the channels matched . I ca n't get it to work from anywhere in the house . Maybe I just got a lemon , who knows ? I hope that 's the case .
 I had high hopes for this monitor . We 've been through 3 or 4 of them in the past 5 years . I like the range on this one . However , all I hear is static ! We 've tried everything but all we hear is alot of static and the sound the child makes is very hard to hear . When it 's cranked up as loud as it gets , it 's just loud static and baby crying sounds like a whisper . We 've tried moving it around to avoid reception problems but no luck ... doens ' t matter where it is inside or outside the house . I really want to get a second First Years 900 Mhz one but they no longer make the model we have - it was the best .
 Overall , this monitor works , has good distance , etc. . But it has a couple of real annoying issues . First it consumes batteries -LRB- 3 AAA -RRB- as fast as my daughter consumes bottles . Generally about every 2-3 days it needs new batteries - and that 's with having it plugged in most of the time . And because the battery cover is a screw , it 's not easy to change . Secondly , the low battery monitor continues to go off even when the unit is turned off . So the only way to get it to stop is to remove the batteries.I would look at another product instead .
 I 'm sure the bed would have been great , but they enclosed the wrong hardware and NO instructions !! We called Storkcraft to get the right hardware and instructions , which they said they 'd send but its now going on 3 weeks ! Unbelievable !
 what 's not damaged looks nice ; can not assemble because one of the cross middle bars is very damaged ; not surprising since the packaging was falling apart when it arrived ; very disgusted
 When I received this bed it was damaged from the flimsy box that the manufacturer ships it in . You would think that the manufacturer would take better care in making sure that the product was protected . The box was too thin and holes were in it which caused the bed to have places in it . The bed took over 2 hours to assemble as the slats that go across it for the mattress to rest on are not easy to fit together with the side rails like it would appear to be on the instructions supplied . The little rails on the sides of the bed also will not prevent a child from falling off the bed once the mattress is put in the bed . Overall the picture online would make you think that you are receiving a high quality toddler bed . I think that this bed is about as good as the cheaper toddler beds and had I known ahead of time would have spent my money on an even more expensive , hopefully higher quality bed than this one . Very disappointed in this purchase .
 I purchased this specifically to match the current furniture in my son 's room when we replaced his crib -LRB- due to recall of the company -RRB- . The price was right , and it looks great in the pictures . When the bed arrived I noticed the box was really beat up . I opened the box and found that I only recieved the headboard , footboard -LRB- it was damaged -RRB- and the 2 side rails . I was missing all the screws the 2 guard rails and the 6 slats . Because I am missing more than 50 % of the parts , Storkcraft will not mail me the missing parts , I have to return the bed thru Amazon . I will be returning and I will not buy this brand again .
 I purchased a toddler bed that looks just like this one a few years ago for my middle child from a discount store for around $ 60 . I regretted the purchase as the assembly was a bear and the quality of the wood was poor . So this time , I upgraded to a name-brand bed thinking that I would get a better product ... not the case ! I wish I 'd saved $ 30 and bought a less expensive bed again . In addition , it took Amazon a LONG time to ship the bed to me and when it arrived the box was damaged.It 's a super cute bed and is going to work just fine for our needs .
 Cheap , soft wood , worst packaging ever . Assembled bed looks like a doll 's bed , should be sold as a toy , in a package to Barby , as accessory . Worst product ever . Bad for US - good for China.Stork Craft Soom Soom Toddler Bed , Natural
 I felt obligated to write this review because I wished I knew what I know now before purchasing this bed . This bed has a strong chemical smell . The smell was strong enough to make my throat itch . As soon as we opened the packaging , we immediately noticed it . We tried airing it out in the garage for a day , which helped a little , but the smell was still there after we brought the bed back in . It got gradually better after a week , but I could still smell it when reading my child a bedtime story . I know the finish is supposed to be non-toxic , but after doing some research online -LRB- and finding many similar reviews where people had problems with the smell -RRB- , I have not found any information on VOCs . I returned it and exchanged it with a similar bed by DaVinci , which did not smell at all . So if you are trying to decide between the two , here 's your answer . Otherwise , the bed is beautiful and sturdy , and so is the DaVinci one . DaVinci Sleigh Toddler in Cherry
 I have ordered this bed as I was looking for something better than the cheapest option on WalMart.To my surprise , the quality of it is really low , the wood was scratched , and it seemed like it was a used product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS BED . ITS HORRIBLE AND IT CAME WITH BROKEN PIECES . THE BOARDS NEEDED TO HOLD THE BED RAILS UP WERE NOT CUT EVENLY THEREFORE ONE SIDE WOULD N'T REACH OR CONNECT TO THE OTHER . THE RAILS LOOKED AS THOUGH SOMEONE HAD PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED IT AND TRIED TO DRILL HOLES IN IT . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ... DO NOT BUY THIS BED . I WAS GREATLY DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE THE PREVIOUS REVIEWS FOR THE BED WERE GOOD BUT PLEASE DO NOT BE FOOLED .
 I have always believed that Stork Craft made great furniture for toddlers and babies , however I order this bed TWICE and the parts were either nicked , unpolished , or scratched . It took the TWO bed to make one decent one . I am still not satisfied but I do not want to keep taking this large boxed bed back to UPS . I am keeping this bed only because my grandson needs a bed and I ca n't keep waiting for a replacement which will probably end up like the first one . A quality assurance person is need to check this product before shipping . I am disappointed even more than I am unsatisfied .
 Horrible instructions force me to give this a 1 star rating . I had to figure out most of the things myself after a do-over . Very frustrating . The finished product looks ok but does not seem to be very sturdy . I also had couple of ill-fitting bolts for which I will be reaching out to the manufacturer on Monday
 We received this bed as a gift for our toddler . When it arrived the box was torn and tattered with pieces of the bed , as well as hardware hanging out of it . I will look past that when reviewing the wuality of the item as it 's likely not the manufacturer 's fault . However , the one piece of the bed hanging out was NOT right.We had ordered the `` cognac '' color . When ordering online I expect some variation in color as it 's difficult to tell with monitor calibration and what not . Before we ordered I checked out the color on my laptop , desktop , phone , as well as my work computer for good measure . On all computers it looked perfect.Well , it arrived today and this is n't even close to what 's pictured for cognac . It looks just like the `` cherry '' color . It 's considerably darker and also much more red , just like cherry . My invoice does state `` Stork Craft Soom Soom Toddler Bed , Cognac '' so unless the wrong product is in the box , their picture is way off.I will keep this as a 2-star review until this is settled and I can get the bed put together for the main purpose that one has to be able to trust the photos of products sold online and if one can not , then that 's not acceptable .
 PLEASE SEARCH FOR CUSTOMER REVIEWS BEFORE YOU BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!!! You 'll be astounded at how badly they treat their customers !!! BEWARE !!!
 The description is deceiving . The price was attractive which is why we went with it , and there was no indication that it would not work with any snugride infant seat . However , we realized that we were wrong . We have a Graco Chadwick infant car seat and this base does not work . I wish I had done more research before purchasing . Please update the description so other people do n't make this same mistake .
 We ordered this base as an extra for the SnugRide 30 . It does not latch properly . We returned it after three days of trying .
 I thought I was getting a good deal on an extra base . Turns out that this base is compatible with the Snugride Infant -LRB- 4-22 lbs -RRB- seat ONLY . It will not fit any other Snugride seat . The product description does n't make this clear , nor does the packaging or instructions . Check the Graco website to see which base you need for your seat - it looks like all of the other bases and seats are interchangeable , but not this one .
 A word of caution - this `` SnugRide '' base -LRB- Model # 840306 -RRB- is not compatible with the Graco SnugRide 30 `` Carlisle '' infant car seat . Check the Graco website to see if it is compatible with your SnugRide model before you buy it - I wish I had ! After purchasing this base and discovering that it did n't fit , I went to the Graco website . The description for the SnugRide 30 `` Carlisle '' seat states `` to purchase an additional car seat base , look for the Snugride 35 infant car seat base , which will fit the Snugride 30 infant car seat . ''
 All Snugride carseats with numbers -LRB- e.g. , Snugride 30 -RRB- work with all Snugride bases with numbers -LRB- e.g. , Snugride 35 -RRB- . The Snugride -LRB- without a number -RRB- base only works with the Snugride -LRB- without a number -RRB- seat . The product naming/numbering system that Graco uses fails to convey this information .
 The actual Snugride car seat , though not fancy seemed just fine -LRB- though a bit bulky -RRB- , but my beef is with this base . We have an SUV with leather seats , and we could not secure this base for anything -LRB- my dad is a cop and my husband watched instructional videos all over the web , and they could not figure it out -RRB- . Not only did it slide a good 6 inches in either direction , it TIPPED back and forth , too.When I started reading these other one star reviews , I realized I was n't the only one with this problem . Also , like the other reviews , it seemed the tighter we secured the latches the worse the problem was . More research led me to find that police officers commonly keep foam pool `` noodles '' in their offices in order to rig these specific bases to be more secure.I can not for the life of me figure out why this car seat and base have so many great reviews . Unless most people are like one woman who commented `` No problem ! We just had to exchange it six times to get a good one . '' No , thank you . I 'd rather have a product built with consistency.I am terribly unhappy with the product . We now have a Peg Perego , which for reasons I do n't understand have worse reviews than the Snugride even though the Peg is clearly a superior car seat .
 If you are buying a base for the snugride 30 , this one does not fit ! Go to diaper.com and buy the base for snugride 30 carseat only , it is a little more expensive but it is the exact same base as the one that comes with the carseat .
 Be Careful !!! I have a Snugride 35 car seat and this base does not work !!!! It has a 22lbs limit listed on the sticker . Do not order this base if you have Snugride 35 !
 We just installed the Snugride bases into our cars for our 2nd newborn . Both our cars use the LATCH system , and we are finding that no matter how much we tighten the straps of the LATCH system , the front of the base flips up and down . In my 2008 Subaru Outback , the base was flipping up 60 degrees -- even with the infant restraint seat in place ! In my husband 's 2004 Escape , the base was flipping up about 20 degrees . I read the 1-star reviews of the Snugride online , and other people had run into the same issue ! I spoke with Graco Customer Service , and they said that this was `` normal '' and provides `` some absorption in the event of a crash . '' Sure -- the back seat of the car might absorb the infant 's face when he/she gets flipped into it . This does not inspire confidence . I am off to check out Chicco and Britax . We 're through with our Graco Snugride .
 I thought I had purchased the right base for my granddaughter 's stroller/carseat system since it is a snug ride one , but it did n't snap into it .
 We went with the Graco Snugride because it received good safety ratings and fit our budget . Our newborn son fit nicely in it and seemed secure - the first few times . After the first couple of months I started to notice some definite drawbacks :1 -RRB- It is NOT particularly lightweight , and even though my son was a smaller baby , it still got really heavy really fast . After about 3mos . I refused to use it anymore . We put it in hubby 's car and I put the convertible seat in mine .2 -RRB- The straps adjust from behind , and they are the kind that need to be threaded individually . So , if the season changes -LRB- or you just live in a variable region like we do -RRB- you 'll find yourself fighting with it every time your child wears anything heavier than a onesie . THEN you have to re-thread again on the next warm -LRB- lighter clothes -RRB- day . And trust me - trying to adjust those things when you 're in a hurry to be somewhere will frazzle your nerves in no time ! 3 -RRB- The handle was not very steady . What I mean is , these seats are pushed and pulled constantly , usually at a sideways angle in and out of the car or at your hip . I found that after just a few trips , the handle felt loose and would rock a little from side to side , and even back & forth slightly when supposedly locked in place .4 -RRB- Last thing , but definitely my biggest concern . The anchor strap slips ! You do n't notice it the first few times , and you probably wo n't ever notice it unless you ride in the back seat or test it occasionally . Because it was in my husband 's car , we did n't notice it at first . Then I rode back there one day and found that the base was sliding like crazy - the BASE ! The strap -LRB- it was the LATCH strap -RRB- had gradually gotten looser and looser , even though we used a towel to even out the seat -LRB- as recommended -RRB- and pulled the strap as tight as humanly possible . We fixed it , then found that several weeks later it was loose again!I would accept that the loose strap thing was a fluke of this particular seat -LRB- since I 've never heard anybody else complain of it -RRB- , but taken as a whole we will NOT be using this seat again . Go with Britax or Chicco !
 I have a snugride 35 carseat . Apparantly not all snugrides are considered equal when it comes to the base . I purchased this model thinking I would save money on my spare base . Now I have to return it and wait for the more expensive one to come . How hard is it to include in the product information that it excludes , or will only fit certain models ?
 You have to read very closely to know this is not compatible with the snugride 30 . Even the box it comes in does not say it is for the 5-22lb carseat .
 This base is not compatable with all the Graco units -LRB- including some with which it may claim to be -RRB- so buyer beware and read the reviews .
 This was not the base that went with my car seat even though this product was linked with the car seat .
 We purchased this because of the safety ratings . If you 're fortunate enough to not be forced to use a 3 point seatbelt with the base , then maybe it 's fine.With the 3 point restraint , with a towel under the base , and my husbands 230lbs pushing into it , and the clip on the belt -LRB- that the instructions say to use -RRB- , and the belt locked for a child seat -LRB- pulled all the way out and then retracted with all of my weight on the base -RRB- , you can easily flip the base towards the back rest of the seat . It actually seems like the tighter you make it , the more unsecured it is.I do n't see how , in a rear end collision , your infant would n't be face planted into the seat , and that scares the crap out of me .
 We have an older Lexus without the latch system . The Snugride 22 base seems secure at first , but after a few minutes or if you pull on it , it gets super loose . One day we got it in as tightly as we could only to find the car seat tipped completely on its side after a short ride in the car . Scary!This is our second child and we have put in car seats many a time , and even had our first one checked my a specialist . How in the world do you people get this base in securely -LRB- up to regulation -RRB- without using the latch system ? I 'm not convinced it 's possible.I do n't think there is another base you can use with the Snugride 22 other than this one
 We went with the Graco Snugride because it received good safety ratings and fit our budget . Our newborn son fit nicely in it and seemed secure - the first few times . After the first couple of months I started to notice some definite drawbacks :1 -RRB- It is NOT particularly lightweight , and even though my son was a smaller baby , it still got really heavy really fast . After about 3mos . I refused to use it anymore . We put it in hubby 's car and put the convertible seat in mine .2 -RRB- The straps adjust from behind , and they are the kind that need to be threaded individually . So , if the season changes -LRB- or you just live in a variable region like we do -RRB- you 'll find yourself fighting with it every time your child wears anything heavier than a onesie . THEN you have to re-thread again on the next warm -LRB- lighter clothes -RRB- day . And trust me - trying to adjust those things when you 're in a hurry to be somewhere will frazzle your nerves in no time ! 3 -RRB- The handle was not very steady . What I mean is , these seats are pushed and pulled constantly , usually at a sideways angle in and out of the car or at your hip . I found that after just a few trips , the handle felt loose and would rock a little from side to side , and even back & forth slightly when supposedly locked in place .4 -RRB- Last thing , but definitely my biggest concern . The anchor strap slips ! You do n't notice it the first few times , and you probably wo n't ever notice it unless you ride in the back seat or test it occasionally . Because it was in my husband 's car , we did n't notice it at first . Then I rode back there one day and found that the base was sliding like crazy - the BASE ! The strap -LRB- it was the LATCH strap -RRB- had gradually gotten looser and looser , even though we used a towel to even out the seat -LRB- as recommended -RRB- and pulled the strap as tight as humanly possible . We fixed it , then found that several weeks later it was loose again!I would accept that the loose strap thing was a fluke of this particular seat -LRB- since I 've never heard anybody else complain of it -RRB- , but taken as a whole we will NOT be using this seat again . Go with Britax or Chicco !
 Ordered this because the picture matched my other car seat base . When it was received it was not brown and tan but ALL tan . This base as pictured was priced $ 12.00 more then the all tan base because I assumed it was two toned like I wanted to match the base we had for our other vehicle . If I had wanted all tan , I would have ordered it at the lower price .
 I hate this base ! If your carseat belt has a shoulder restraint , then more you tighten you car 's seatbelt , the more this carseat base tilts . It is a silly design . True of any of the Graco SnugRide Infant Car Seat Base series .
 My mother-in-law purchased us the SnugRide Infant Car Seat w / the Silver base and Jogger Stroller . I must say the base is horrible . It slides all of the time and the majority of the time my daughter is tipped sideways while I am driving down the road . I can not tell you the amount of times I have had to pull over and buckle that base in again . Thank goodness for her 7 year old brother who can sit beside her and hold onto the seat when it is connected into the base . The infant seat is much more secure when used without this base .
 base tilts the more you tighten it using a three point seat belt !
 Maybe it 's because my crib is older ? Anyway , we bought the crib in 2007 when my first was born . Finally bought the conversion kit in 2010 when we had our second . We did n't want to not have them in case the style was discontinued even though we knew we would n't need to convert for a few years . Tonight , I finally began switching out beds . .2 y/o gets toddler bed , 5 y/o gets crib converted to full sized bed ... and the bolts are an inch too short ! Hopefully , I can get the same diameter bolt in an inch longer at Lowe 's tomorrow . If not , the conversion kit will be useless to me !
 The rails work with my existing bed , the problem is they do n't tell you that you have to have additional cross boards to support the mattress . In addition , once you place the cross boards on the rails , the mattress no longer is held in place , so I had to lower the supports on the rails to keep the mattress from sliding off the bed . Its a poor design . A lot of work had to be done to make these functional rails .
 This was horrible for the price ! No hardware , no slats and it was too short to fit full size mattress !! I want to return !!!!
 The rails work great , but they do not come with the rails to hold the mattress up . You need to have the rails to hold the mattress up because this bed does not require of fit a boxspring . My dad had to make these rails to hold the mattress up out of wood . Works great now , but make sure you have these rails handy when converting to the full size bed !
 These rails do not work on the DaVinci crib that I have and I ca n't figure out what to do next .
 Is it really too much to ask for the company to include the horizontal slats?I read the reviews , but somehow did n't understand why people were talking about the box spring . The answer is
 This was a baby shower gift , the parents have not had the opportunity to use this item . I would recommend the item once the parents use it .
 The brush does the work of cleaning my Avent bottles . But to get off the bottle brush is nearly impossible for one person . The latch on our own refused to budge , so not liquid soap could go in . The nipple brush came off after 2 weeks . Poor quality & poor design .
 This brush is just not well made - it 's almost imposible to get the soap in the dispenser and it does n't fit our Dr. Brown 's bottles very well .
 As with all the other sea life themed items purchased , this is cheaply made , was broken in box , poorly packaged . Wish I would have seen the Ocean life theme from kidsline at Burlington Coat baby depot before this theme purchase . They have many more items to match the theme , same color different characters .
 The Lower speed is malfunctioned . The next speed for the swing is entirely too fast for a week old infant .
 We are returning the swing because it swings much too hard , even in the lowest setting , for our two-month-old baby . The instructions suggest attaching a dangling blanket if it swings too hard , but a -RRB- that did n't really help and b -RRB- if it 's a common enough problem that they suggest a remedy then why not manufacture a chair with a lower setting ?
 The swing is too fast for newborns . The motor is loud . The buttons are difficult to discern . I have no idea what the circle inside the circle means . I feel the mobile is too far away from the seat , the baby has no idea its there . Also , it is very difficult to determine if the legs are far enough apart to stabalize the swing .
 We bought this swing for our 3 month old based on the other reviews on this site . It 's a very cute swing and I had high hopes , but he does n't seem to like it very much . He 's not the least bit interested in the mobile , it 's too high to capture his attention . He sometimes notices the hanging fish , but never for long and the center area with the light and swimming sea horses does n't get more than a passing glance . The fabric area on the back gets more attention than anything . The one item that he does love is the tray with the sliding colorful figures , but it 's made so that it 's too far away from him to touch which only aggrivates him and makes him cry , so I have to play with it when he 's in my lap -LRB- also it pinches my finger when I snap it on the the seat -RRB- . More importantly , the swing , even on the lowest setting goes WAY too fast -- and here 's a warning , it starts off slow and seems to pick up speed somehow . The seat seems to be comfortable and he has occasionally slept in it when I just walk by and gently push it with my hand instead of using the automatic settings .
 My son is 181/2 pounds and it 's too small for him . The formation of the seat is very squished and I do n't know why . There 's no room to move or stretch or anything ! Once the baby is in there he/she is stuck until someone takes him out . Kind of like a taco ! The mobile toys are too low as my baby is always trying to reach up to them where as w / another swing I have he just looks and enjoys . It 's very difficult to adjust the seat positioning and my mom -LRB- who has this swing -RRB- has to turn the entire swing upside down to do it . Luckily we got this for $ 30 at a thrift store in brand new condition so even though it wo n't last much longer for my boy it wo n't be a total loss like it would if we had paid full price .
 It 's a supernanny!If baby is fussy , teething , coliky - it will rock your little one to sleep and you 'll get some precious sleep too !! for lightweight infants , like my doughter , ducttape 4DD batteries under the seat-it will slow down the motionMUST have 8 rechargables DD batteriesIt 's my most important item in the nursery , we do n't even use a crib or basinett = `` baby-waker-upper `` We used it for travell - no need for crib in the hotel or at relatives housemy older daughter used it till she was 1 y.o.
 I was given the swing at my baby shower so it was available for use from day one . My newborn son , a two weeks , was nearly thrown out of the seat . He weighed 9lbs at birth so he diffinetly met weight requirments . I havent noticed a difference in speed from the 6 settings , they all go entirely too fast for newborns . The mobile and light display is not entertaining for my son either , he will glance at it , but could care less about its existence . With the loud motor , fast speed , over-rated ` aquarium ' display , I 'd have to recommend you purchase a differnt swing .
 We received this as a gift . It looked okay after we set it up . However we noticed some immediate drawbacks . First , the Fisher-Price labels are upside down on the seatbelt-not a dealkiller but not what you would expect for a product in this price range . Also the legs were mislabelled in the instructions . The left leg has the plug but in the instructions it says the right leg has it.The most important drawback is the 7 minute limit on movement , music and the light globe . After 7 minutes they all turn off automatically-even if you have it plugged in . What a boneheaded move ! Usually as our child falls asleep the music stops and he wakes up immediately . Not sure what `` clever '' engineer placed a seven minute limit on entertainment for a child when the itme is plugged in . I would look elsewhere .
 We have this swing . It worked for a couple of weeks , and now it wont swing and the mobile/dome doesnt work . This swing is a piece of junk . I have tried new batteries , it still didnt work.Also , the legs are unstable and when not sepearated completely to the max , the whole thing rocks as I push it . And I am not pushing it hard.I shouldnt even have to push it ! Its a SWING its supposed to swing when turned on.How annoying .
 For $ 99 I expected to receive a very high quality swing . In my case it cost $ 198 because I have twins and learned quickly that this was my best chance for any sleep during the day , especially in the early months - so I bought two . Since , I have returned FOUR different swings -LRB- all within the first 3 months of use -RRB- for different reasons . On two swings the mobile stopped working and on the other two the motors died . Each time I returned a swing I replaced it with the same swing because the babies love them . But each time I returned a swing it meant driving 1 hour round trip to the local Toys-R-Us store . I asked cusomter service if they have had many returns of these swings and I was told , `` The old models had lots of problems and they were just replaced with this new model . We 've had more returns of the swings with the water globe , than those without it . '' But the babies love the water globe , so I still got another of the same swing . Yet again , and to my amazement , a FIFTH swing is causing me problems , it will only swing with the baby facing to the side , not in with the baby facing forward . This is absolutely rediculous . We have no toddlers or dogs running around to destroy the swings - it 's just my wife and I gently turning them on and off . I ca n't imagine I just happen to be the only person who has had problems with this swing . The worst part is the kids love it . It 's very entertaining and functional . It 's just not built well . There just are n't lots of comparable swings out there . I even called Mattel . They were very nice telling me that they were sorry for the problems and that they would gladly send me new motors , but they were on backorder for up to 4 months.Another thing is that we go through way too many batteries . 8 D batteries per swing per week . At $ 5 for 4 batteries , it 's costing us $ 20/week or $ 80/month for batteries ! I do n't understand why they do n't simply include a plug-in option.Overall , great for the kids , but not for the parents .
 I received this product for my baby shower in mid Nov , and baby was born end of Dec. . About mid Jan the mobile quit working and now -LRB- mid June -RRB- the swing quit working . When we opened it up there was a disconnected wire . I am overall unhappy with this product , and do n't recommned it to anyone .
 I think this is a great swing ... but not for a newborn . I put my son in it when he was 1 month old and I felt as if the swing was going to thrown him out of it . I am not sure if the swing is broken but all the speeds are exactly the same ... there is no difference between the first speed and the last speed , they are all equally fast . I think this swing will come in handy when my son is a little older .
 I had to rate this swing as a 2 , because the motorized swing mechanism made a clicking noise that was so loud . Before purchasing the unit in October 2005 , I tried to operate the display model at Target , but the batteries were dead . The swing had a nice fit and finish once assembled at home , but after putting batteries into the swing and turning it on , my wife and I could n't believe the racket that the swing made . Before purchasing this unit , make sure that you actually listen to one operate at the store before purchasing it . After returning the unit to Target , we tried a display model Ocean Wonders Cradle Swing at BABYSRUS and it made the same noise as the one we returned.We ended up purchasing a Graco swing at BABYSRUS and are happier with it .
 Well , when we first purchased this swing , we loved it and so did the baby . Yes , it was a bit powerful for a newborn , but our son seemed to like the intensity . Yes , it was noisy , but I learned to live with that and yes , it was ugly , but since it did receive good reviews we bought it anyway . The swing eats batteries like crazy and after 6 weeks it stopped swinging all together and my son is only 131/2 pounds . So , we called Fisher Price and their customer service was fantastic , we received a new motor in less then a week . My husband installed the new motor two nights ago and as of this mornig the swing is n't working AGAIN.The idea of this swing is great , but I would never recommend it . Also , I agree with some of the other reviews , PLEASE make an AC adapter for these items !!!! *** Update . Apparently , it was just the fastest setting that was n't working on the second motor . We have been much happier with this swing since receiving the new motor . I still think there are some things that could be improved , but overall it 's better then average .
 I bought this swing because I loved the cradle and swing settings , not to mention the cutness factor was top notch . However , I was shortly disapointed . I used it once before my baby was born just for fun and it worked GREAT . Then when the baby came , we tried it again to have the motor start making LOUD noises . A month or so later it started not turning off . I would `` turn it off '' only for it to keep going . I would then have to pry off the battery compartment to pull out a battery for it to stop . Then it started ONLY playing the song no matter what I chose -LRB- water , rain , etc -RRB- . Now it does n't play any sounds and wo n't swing my son who is only 18lbs .
 First let me say this swing saw our 2nd child through babyhood , and is currently swinging our 3rd child even as I type . But that does not mean we love the swing ... we simply have not been financially able to replace it.The swing is not ALL bad , but I would like to share a few things with potential buyers . - If you do not have the swing legs spread to exactly the perfect position , it CLICKS and POPS so loudly it will wake the baby . I 'm not exaggerating . It is very noisy . Both girls have been woke up countless times by the noise of the swing . The more you use the swing , the harder it is to find that ` perfect position ' . - The ` perfect position ' takes up a lot of floor space . - The swing uses up `` D '' batteries like crazy . Using quality batteries -LRB- we get the most life from Duracell -RRB- increases battery life A LITTLE . But no matter what brand you use , be prepared to buy A LOT of batteries . - The upright position of the adjustable seat is too upright for swinging , in my opinion . We have never used the upright position . - The activity tray is lame . Luckily it 's removable . - The music , lights , and fish are on a timer . A very SHORT timer . If your baby is using the music to go to sleep , you have to stay nearby and press the resume button every few minutes . - The lowest volume setting for the music/nature sounds is quite loud . The highest setting is just ridiculous . - The seatbelt is not soft . Do n't let your baby fall asleep in a diaper and put her in the swing . The rough seatbelt will rub her red . Clothes are required when using the seatbelt.Now let me tell you about the good things . - The music collection is pleasant to listen to . The lights are entertaining to baby IF the room is dark . - You can easily switch from swing to cradle position . - There is a decent amount of seat padding . Baby seems to be comfortable.Overall , I must say YES the swing does it 's job . It swings the baby . But I am sure there are many other swings on the market that can swing baby more quietly , more economically , and take up less floor space . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS SWING TO A FRIEND .
 I was so excited to buy this swing . It is beautiful and I thought relaxing for the baby . What I discovered is that it 's not made very well . On two seperate occasions , I happened to catch a bolt that fell on the babies head and one out of the chair makeing it loose and tipping it over . It was put together well and redone several times so we know it was n't our lack of skills . I also always had problems with it tipping over , the legs always came off the ground and it just would not stay steady even on the lowest number , it still rocked fast and came off the floor . The fish are pretty the music is nice , but I never felt safe leaving the baby in it even while standing near him . It was a huge waste of money .
 I bought the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Aquarium Cradle Swing when our FP Nature 's Touch swing stopped working after 4 years and 5 kids . My son spends a lot of time in Nature 's Touch swing , so when I stopped working I immediately went out to replace it . I decided on the Aquarium swing primarily because it plugged in to the wall outlet instead of using batteries . We used a ton of batteries with the Nature 's Touch swing and thought it was it 's only downfall . I figured both swings were made by Fisher Price , so how different could they be?I opened the box and noticed that the quality of this swing did not match that of the Nature 's Touch . It just felt cheaper . But it seemed like it would work , so the next day we tried it out . My son -LRB- who is 41/2 months old , weighing 15.8 lbs and is 25 inches long - way under the weight limit of 25lbs -RRB- could barely fit in the seat . His legs were already hanging over the edge of the seat . I turned it onto the highest speed setting and he just sat there . I could hear the motor running -LRB- very loudly -RRB- but he did n't move . I gave it a push , thinking it just needed a start , but after the power of my push was gone , the swing stopped . Lights and toys fascinated him , but there was no swinging . Now I feel like my son is big , but he 's 50 % for weight and height on his growth charts , and since the limit for weight was 25lbs , I expected it to be able to swing my son as he was 10lbs under that.I called BRU and they said they would take it back as defective . I plan to return it and get the New Fisher price Little Lamb swing , which is pretty much the same as the Nature 's Touch swing . For $ 140 I expect a product to do what it says it will . I would NOT recommend this swing to parents who plan to use it past early infancy .
 I really do n't like this swing ! Even after putting brand new batteries in the swing , it still takes forever for it to start swinging . We have to prime it by pushing it !! I hate that the mobile and music stop after a certain time because it has a tendency to wake my daughter up when it stops since she is lulled to sleep with the noise . Other then that I like that it has 2 swinging directions .
 This is a great swing . My daughter bought it for her first baby . The baby loved the music . Close to a month after getting , the music started dragging . She changed the batteries a couple of times , but this did n't help . Finally returned to the store and got another one . Got home , and the music and mobile did not work right from the beginning . Ended up getting a different swing . Evidently this was just a bad batch , but not good for us .
 I bought this because a swing was essential when my little sister was a baby ... however I was disappointed that the lowest speed setting is extremely fast for my son . He loves the bright colors and lights of the aquarium mobile , but the swing simply goes too fast to calm him down . Moreover , I do n't feel that he 's safe when the swing is turned on .
 We received this swing as a gift for our daughter a year and a half ago and she used it with great pleasure . I like the features of the swing although it is HUGE and takes up a great deal of space in the room . However , when we got it out again for our second child after being stored well for a year , it has broken within a month . The mobile -LRB- which both kids loved -RRB- broke and the Fisher Price people wo n't replace it since it has been over a year . We either have to spend $ 30 to replace it or buy a new one . Seems like a company as large as Fisher Price would stand up for their product for over a year .
 We used this swing until my daughter was about 6 months , because she could n't pull herself up at all . But really , a swing should have a 5-point harness . It 's crazy to me they would make one , like this one , with a 3-point harness that in any event is impossible to adequately tighten due to design . As soon as my daughter showed signs of enough strength to lift herself up , we were done with it . She did like it , though . But it needs a better restraint!The notion that you could use this until the child is 2 , or even 25 pounds , is ludicrous . Without a 5-point harness , the child will try to climb out and may seriously injure him/herself .
 We received this swing in June for our baby shower . I choose it over the Papasan swing because the seat had better adjustments on it and more support . I have already had one new motor housing delivered to me because the original one would not play music , and use the mobile and lights at the same time . So this new one arrived and the mobile it self sticks and again after a few times the 3 functions get crossed up and stop working . My daughter is only 15 pounds . She has used it maybe a total of 100 hours since she has been born.I also have always had an issue of getting the legs right.We even used a level to make sure our floor was level ! Also it does go pretty fast for a newborn . But you can drape a blanket to help slow it down . She loves the swing but I myself am very dissatisfied . I have a loaner open-top Graco swing and it works just fine for being almost 2 years old . It does not go through a pack of batteries a month either ! I am sending my swing back and getting the 3 in one rocker swing . I love all the other products I got such as the portable aquarium swing and the bouncy seat . Just this swing is not what it seemed to be .
 This swing is nice for babies aged 4 months , perhaps . My daughter at 7 months could grab the mobile , and she could n't `` fit '' into it until maybe 2-3 months . It swings insanely fast -LRB- unless the batteries are weak -RRB- , and the corners will actually will lift up off the ground at times . Now , at 8 months and 15.5 pounds , if I put my daughter in it , it moans and creaks like she is too heavy . The first swing I bought was LOUD , and I brought it back to the store , this one is better , but I think there are better ones , and worse ones out there .
 The problems ... The bolt on the top that holds the seat is n't long enough and the nut has fallen off and into the seat twice . They 're sending another bolt/nut . The mobile stopped working . They 're sending another motor . The seat itself wiggles a lot from side to side , where it did n't use to . The lowest speed setting really runs down the batteries quickly . There does n't seem to be any difference in any of the other speeds . It was on high and we did n't even notice until we had to turn the dial a lot to turn it off.I received this swing at the baby shower . My husband loved the thing and put it together immediately ! Our little girl loves it also . She takes naps in it and it 's been so helpful to have.We use rechargeable batteries in it , but had to get two sets since we need to replace them every couple days . The swing will keep going but the music and mobile/lights stop working.We 've only had the swing in use for 4 months . This is our first baby and fischer price is going to be sending us new motors every few months for years to come . Given the option I 'd return it .
 Problems were n't with product itself , but with seller . Amazon and it 's sub-sellers are so interwoven , I have no idea who I actually bought it from . Judging from the tape job on the box , product was more than likely another client 's return , and nobody had taken time to ensure that all parts were included ... which they were not . I 'm way too busy to deal with the hassle of a return , and , forturnately , the missing parts were decorative -LRB- the dangling stuffed fish for the mobile -RRB- , so we just made do by adding in some after-market ornamentation .
 I received this swing from a gift from my mother . She got this swing because all of the great reviews on this swing . In two weeks the motor stopped working . I returned it to the store -LRB- thank god I got the insurance -RRB- . One week later the music stopped and then the motor again . I going to return the swing again to the store and find something else . The motor is loud -LRB- It 's bad when you are trying to sleep -RRB- . A lot of people said the swing is too fast however my baby enjoys it.If you decide to buy any swing buy the insurance with it . You might have a similar problem .
 The swing is cute with its design etc , ... Takes up alot of floor room . This swing goes through D batteries every 2 weeks , gets expensive . I suggest getting a swing that will plug directly into a outlet . I found that the mobile on the swing to be a real pain , when you are getting the baby in and out . Bop the babies head on the mobile . Sold ours on craigslist and purchased a plug in swing .
 I do n't have a lot of good things to say about this swing ... except that I received many * good * recommendations before we purchased it . The two different cradle direction options is nice , but unnecessary in my opinion . The motor is loud , but as another review mentioned , does n't seem to affect the baby 's ability to sleep -LRB- hypnotizing effect ? -RRB- . My biggest problem was with the motor compartment , which happens to be the complete upper unit including the aquarium view & mobile . At first I thought our batteries were duds as it stopped working within a month of use , but we quickly realized it was the motor . Fisher-Price did replace the motor unit without hassle , although it took about 6wks to arrive . Not such a big deal if you only need to do this once ... but we had to replace the motor part 3 TIMES ! The FP rep mentioned that they were * experiencing some problems * with this particular motor/product . So , although we have had this swing for over 2 years -LRB- and 2 different babies -RRB- , we have n't had a chance to use it on a continuous basis due to having to call/wait/replace the motor . We are expecting out 3rd in January and although we * think * our current motor works , I will buying another non-Fisher Price swing . Not pleased considering the $ $ of this product .
 I received this swing for my baby shower -LRB- chose it after reading many reviews and doing my homework -RRB- and had very few complaints . After a year of use , looking back - the music -LRB- and its settings -RRB- , and multiple positions were great . I NEVER used the dome w / the fish -LRB- son never paid attention to it -RRB- . The few issues I had were
 This swing only lasted 9 months . The music would still play but the swing would not swing and my daughter is small for her age . She is 18 months old now and only weighs 20 lbs . You would do better to buy the Aquarium travel swing . We used it more than the big swing because our daughter preferred it . It has held up very well .
 My six month old loved this swing . We thought it was great but then we realized that the swing was going through 4 d batteries a week . We have only had the swing for 51/2 months and to top it all off the motor went out . My review is based on our swing . I was just disappointed about the motor .
 This swing is very cute , and the cradle motion is great . However , The mobile seriously stopped working after only a day . The swing tilted and the speeds were never very fast . My son only used it for about two months . He loved it , However , I never felt safe leaving him in it without watching him . However , if Fisher Price would recall it temporarily to fix the problems it has the potential to be an excellent swing . Although currently its not worth the price .
 I 've been using this swing for 2 months now . At first I liked it . But as my child gets older -LSB- almost 3mos -RSB- I am liking it less and less . The bar behind the head makes it more likely that you will bang their head puting them in and out of the swing . Also , I have never seen the difference between all the speeds and after changing batteries twice in the last month , the swing barely moves no mater what speed it is set to .
 I bought this swing for my first son and this swing was loud and rocked too hard . Well , 1 yr . later the motor burnt out and fisher price sent me a new one-very nice of them too . :--RRB- , but this swing requrires so many batteries . When will they learn to make a plug in swing ? That would be smart . I give it one star , cuz both of my boys liked to sleep in it .
 This swing is not worth the money . It is quiet and I like what it does but ... . my baby is only 7 weeks old and we got it 1 month ago when she was 3 weeks and we are on the 3rd set of batteries already . The music quit working after 1 week . And the mobile works only when it wants to . We had a fisher price cradle swing bought at toys-r-us for our boys . With our first child I only had to change the battries 2 times in a year . Yes I used it for him when he was 14 months old it worked great . But this swing I was not happy with at all . But the swing does still swing . But it eats battries like there is no tomorrow .
 This swing did n't work properly from day one , the mobile broke first . It made a horrible grinding noise . We should 've taken it back . We just kept the mobile off , then a few months later the music and lights started messing up . The switch on top has a short circuit or something . Now , it wo n't swing and play music at the same time . For $ 100 I thought it would be the best . Iwas very wrong . Maybe , the newer model has improved but I 'd be weary .
 MY SON LOVED THIS SWING AND SO DID I , I COULD LET HIM SWING EVERY MORNING WHILE I CLEANED THE HOUSE WELL THATS OVER MY SON WILL BE 4 MONTHES SOON AND THE SWING MOTOR JUST STOPPED WORKING IT LASTED ONLY ALMOST 4 MONTHS GOOD THING I BOUGHT THE OCEAN WONDERS TAKE ALONG SWING ALSO HE NEVER LIKED IT AS MUCH AS HIS BIG SWING BUT IT IS SAVING THE DAY FOR ME , SO THE BIG ONE IS IN THE GARBAGE AND MY SON IS USING THE SMALLER VERTION I LOVED THIS SWING MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS IT WAS A BATTERY EATER AND IT DIED AFTER 4 MONTHS ONLY
 We purchased this item fully knowing all of the problems we could encounter . Our baby at three months old was 16lbs , he has just turned 4 months and is almost 19 lbs , yet this product 's swing on the lowest setting is so fast we can not turn it above the first setting and we have to slow it down by adding heavy blankets to it . When our son came home from the hospital at 7lbs 10 oz , it almost catapulted him across the room . I am so glad it has a waist harness . After 3 months of use the fish no longer rotate . We have changed out the batteries per the instructions and they still do not work . I am going to contact fisher price and see what they can do for us . So we have a reckless swing that does not function correctly . Otherwise the concept is nice and we use it as a great place for our son to nap on a still setting while we are doing housework in the room with him . Hmmm , should have just stuck with my bouncer .
 Piece of junk . Very noisy . Leg lifts off the ground when rocking . All six speeds are exactly the same speed . Poor quality . It 's going back .
 I received this swing as a shower gift . I immediately had trouble with the swing right out of the box . The motor unit was very loud and the music was distorted . After contacting Fisher Price they sent me a new motor unit . This motor unit worked for a couple of months and the mobile quit working on it . I once again contacted Fisher Price who sent me a new motor unit . After a month or so the mobile quit working on this one too . Fisher Price sent me another motor unit . I was very disappointed to find that this motor unit -LRB- with fresh batteries in it -RRB- was not free of defects . The volume control does not work and the music is either distorted or does not work at all . Yes , once again I am going to have to contact Fisher Price . I am guessing that Fisher Price is sending me reconditioned motor units . The warranty on this swing expires in July and who knows what will happen then!My daughter is now 7 months and loves the swing when it is working . She has used it since birth . She loves to watch the mobile and the swinging motion is so soothing to her.This swing is a great idea , but the quality is questionable .
 This swing gets my daughter to sleep . And especially to its credit , sometimes she will only calm down when swinging side-to-side and other times only when swinging from front to back . This swing takes care of this.The water globe , mobile , and music/sounds are crucial , as without them my daughter gets very fussy . But this is the problem . These things are all on a 7-minute timer ! What were they thinking ? My wife and I have to watch the clock and anticipate when it 's about to stop , because a few seconds without the calming sounds or music , and my daughter will wake up when sleeping , or start crying when awake.Also , like many , many others have said here , the swing eats D-batteries for breakfast . I can accept them not wanting to include an AC adapter so they could keep the price down another $ 10 or $ 20 . But why , oh why , could n't they have given us a jack for an AC adapter and at least let those of us who need one go out and buy it . I 'd even fork over $ 30 or $ 40 for a specialty one from Fisher-Price if it 's the only way they would have done it -LRB- especially if that disabled the timer -RRB- . Fisher-Price made a great thing and then crippled it in two major ways . Because of this stupid timer and no AC adapter , I ca n't recommend this swing to anyone . While it 's better than having my baby unhappy , we are now slaves to the RESET button and the battery charger . There must be something better out there , especially for this high price .
 The two swinging motions are great . My baby loved the side to side . She did n't seem to interested with the lights and water globe though . This swing broke after about 1 month of light to moderate use . It just stopped swinging . New batteries did not fix the problem . I returned it , under Babies r Us great return policy , and purchased the Nature 's Touch Baby Papasan Cradle Swing . So far so good with the new swing . It has much better sounds , a mirror instead of a water globe , and the seat has at least 2 times as much padding , probably more . Check out both before purchasing . The Nature 's Touch is about $ 30 more . If it lasts it will definately be worth it for me .
 The only thing that I do not like about this product is that it only turns one way from cradle to swing . I previoulsy owned the original fisher price cradle swing and it was able to turn both to the left and right side to swing and I had expected to be able to do so with this one . Other than this I must say that both my infant and myself are pleased with this product .
 The swing was exactly what we wanted . We have had it for about 31/2 months . About a month ago the music started sounding like a skipping CD so I thought I must need to change the batteries . That did n't help at all . Now the sounds do not even work on a regular basis . If you thump the top of the machine it will start up for a second and then turn right back off . Also , my son loved the fish that would swim around over his head and now they have stopped working as well . He has been in this swing since he was about a month old so when ever he gets in it he always looks up to see the fish swimming but now they do n't move . It makes me feel awful that something he liked so much from a very early stage has aready become a disappointment . This swing is supposed to last until age two ?????? I do n't think that is accurate . Now we are stuck with this broken thing because it has been too long of a time frame to return . Thanks Fisher Price .
 I have read multiple excellent reviews on this swing , but the motor on our swing broke within 3 months . Maybe we were just one of the unlucky ones but my sister in law bought the same swing and their swing has to be returned too . Otherwise my twins loved the fish mobile and the music !!!
 I loved this swing with my daughter . She slept in it for naps and overnight . Batteries did n't last long , but I did n't expect them too because we were using it so much.When my son was born , we used it with him and he got used to sleeping in it too . Then one day , the motor just quit ! Even with new batteries in it , it would n't swing . I called the company and even though I was `` past the waranty period '' , they made a `` one-time exception '' and sent me out a new motor . It only worked for about a week . My friend has had the same problem . It does n't seem to be able to handle the weight it is advertised to . I think it says up to 25 lbs but my son was only ~ 15 lbs when it quit working ! I would not buy it again if I had the choice !
 Tonight , my son fell out of his swing this afternoon when the seat tipped over . The bolts were not loose , nor were they stripped . The CSR that I spoke to at Mattel basically told me that it was my fault -LRB- in a nutshell -RRB- and told me to buy a new one . She said that they no longer make the repair parts for this particular swing . PLEASE check your Fisher Price swings and make sure the seat is not loose . Also , double check the seat belts . Because those came loose as well.This was a secondhand gift , however , I would expect expensive baby items like this SHOULD last more than a few years and through more than one child.In terms of this swing , the motor makes a very loud noise and is sucks batteries like no tomorrow . The seat is wobbly and not safe . My son fell out of this swing face first onto the floor tonight and has a huge bruise on his head from it . FP refused to do anything about it , they did n't even apologize.I give this ZERO stars .
 Why are these so expensive on Amazon ? I use these on a daily basis and could never afford them at this price . I buy these at Walmart - 40 for $ 2.22 - regular price - The same goes for the individual packets - they are $ 2.25 per pkg of 16 from Walmart .
 Seller ripped me off for $ 25.97 This is a typical price for a case of 12 cans.Google it and you 'll see.Instead this seller sent one can of wet ones.For $ 25.97 !!!!!!!!! you can buy a can for $ 3 to $ 4at any grocery or Walmart in the country .
 $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond /
 If you are looking for the old Summer bouncer , this is NOT it ! My baby has serious reflux problems and the health care professionals suggested the old Summer bouncer as being better than most current models because of its angle and because it does n't bend the baby at the waist as much as many other products . First , this product is n't a bouncer at all ; it is simply a stationary seat in which to place the baby . Second , not only is it not the proper ergonomics of the old Summer bouncer , but it bends the baby at the waist in a way that is not recommended for reflux babies . If you are looking for the old bouncer , check garage sales because this is n't anything similar . I find it irresponsible of babiesrus.com to include this product with no photo representation and a misleading description .
 My daughter is 3 months old and has outgrown her `` bucket '' car seat . Since we no longer have the bucket to park her in in resturants and friends houses , I thought this travel seat would do the job.The stated weight limit is 25 lbs , my daughter weighs 15 . Unfortunately at approximately 27 '' she 's already too tall for it.I 'm not really sure who this seat would benefit . If your baby is short enough to stay in an infant bucket seat there 's really no need , and if s/he is too tall for the bucket , this wo n't work either.If you skipped the bucket car seat and went straight to a convertible , this would probably be a useful purchase , particularly if you have a smaller child .
 I did not like this seat , it is only for babies until 3 months max and at this age babies do not pick up or pull things to play so this toys are n't usefull . The fabric is a little hard and the seat does n't bounce at all .
 This wrap was not the best for me ... but the customer service I received was stellar ! I would buy from this vendor again !
 The idea of it was great and i see alot of woman around the city wearing these , but i prefer the bjorn . It was complicated and all the material kept getting twisted in the rings .
 The seller of this product is wonderful , but the Maya Wrap is not for me or my little guy . I guess I am just not a fan of ring slings . I did a lot of research and read a lot of reviews and this is the first baby carrier I decided to buy . My baby boy -LRB- 4 weeks old when I received the sling -RRB- always wants to be held so I was looking forward to being able to hold him all the time and nurse him hands free.First , I am small framed and the sling kept sliding down so the ring was too low . Then when I tried one of the positions my baby either kept hitting his head on the ring or grabbing onto it . The fabric is not soft and comfortable , it is a bit rough , and the sling does not feel comfortable -LRB- for me -RRB- when on . But most importantly I do n't like the fact that with all the positions except the nursing one , my baby would have to have his legs crunched up in the `` frog '' position - he hates his legs being confined like that!I returned it and ended up buying the Moby Wrap which I love - fabric is soft and comfortable , and my baby can have his legs out in almost all the positions . It is also much easier to figure out how to use and to get him in and out of .
 It should be a warning when the insert says things like `` practice with a doll first before using on a real baby '' and `` it might be helpful to have a partner with you when setting the wrap up '' . I raised an eyebrow at the price , but since it was supposed to be `` so great !!! '' I decided to give it a whirl . Returned it within a week.Way too complicated . Way overpriced . Clunky , awkward , incredibly unrealistic for daily use -LRB- even says not to use when cleaning or cooking ??? -RRB- . Seriously , reading the directions on how to set it up with those rings is so complicated it 's almost funny if you do n't think about the $ 70 that you just wasted on a piece of cloth and two rings.Baby was uncomfortable and grunting anytime he was put in it . My god , what a waste of money ...
 I bought this and I have to say this is the worst one I have tried so far . It comes with an instruction booklet that makes very little sense . I tried to figure out how to wear it and never could figure it out . I even tried calling the manufacturer and they refused to help me . Would not recommend to anyone !
 Should be a red flag when you buy something like this that comes with a DVD ! None of my friends could use it either . Super cute but just not practical .
 This stroller had everything me and my wife were looking for . Two independant reclining seats . Large all terrain tires . Hand brake . Rain cover ... We could not wait for it to arrive . Hurray it 's here !! ... wait a minute something is not right . we placed our two year old boy in the seat and pulled the canopy over him , the canopy was sitting on his head and he looks at me as if to say `` you 're kidding right ? '' Having the canopy touching his head would give him absolutely no relief from the hot West Texas summer sun . Then we laid him back in the seat . The mesh lining only goes up about four inches and the little brat actually climbed out of the stoller through the top . I was caught trying to hold him from falling and hold the stroller from tipping over at the same time . Our son is not by any means a giant , 67 % in height and 45 % in weight . This would probably be great for smaller children less than two years I would say . Much to our great disappointment we had to put the stroller back in the box and send it back the next day .
 I am a car seat technician and I am here to say ... DO N'T use this product or any like it ! The strap covers can be a danger in an accident and if the car seat did n't come with them then you are not supposed to use it . There is no way to know what these would do to the straps in a collision . To use products like these is to risk your child 's life .
 My 2 year old son weighs 34 pounds and is way too big for the seat now . It was okay at first , but not anymore . It 's also unpleasant to clean , especially if your child uses it to poopy . We also had trouble with the flushing part . Our son gets into everything and had it broken in no time . I also purchased the Baby Bjorn potty seat for our adult toilet . I think it 's a much better way to go . WAAAAAAy easier , less messy , and it does n't get in the way .
 I bought this potty a few years ago for my daughter , she was never really interested it in so I packed it away . When it came time recently to train my 2 year old son I could n't find the splash guard . It was in my opinion a poor , flimsy piece that never really stays on . At any rate , I contacted Totco and within days I had a new one at no charge . -LRB- 5 stars for their customer service !!! -RRB- Lo and behold though , it will not stay on the potty and has n't done any good . I ended up buying the flip and flush seat that attaches right to the toilet , he prefers that over the little potty . Bottom line , my kids never liked the little trainer potties , so I 'm just sticking to the regular toilet from here on out !
 First off the pee gaurd comes out way to easily so my son has more fun taking it off and playing with it then peeing over the seat and onto the floor making a LOT of messes for me to clean up . Second when we can get the flushing handle to work the battery wears out very very quickly . Its a MAJOR hassle to change the battery and we finally gave up . Also the lid comes down and annoys my son . He hates it so I finally took it off ! Its a neat concept but they should have built it alot more sturdy and just an overall better design .
 I gave it two stars because it looks like an adult toilet and makes flushing sounds . . However , it is to wobbly if you want to use it on anything besides carpet .
 Bought for my second son when he was potty training . I loved how it looks like a regular toilet and amkes the flushing sound , but it is big and bulky . I put it in my bathroom to he would get used to `` going '' in the bathroom and it took up way to much floor space . Was a pain to clean since uring went under the collection bowl . Had way to many small parts that made it difficult to clean . We were never able to get it truely clean . Finally just bought a step stool and he used to `` big boy potty '' . Maybe just a problem for the boys sine they are built differently .
 I recently purchased this product , my third potty , with high hopes based on previous reviews . I was completely disappointed to find out that it is WAY too small for my 33 month old son . I found out after I bought the potty that the manufacturer 's recommended age is 12 to 30 months . I 'm sending it back today . The construction quality is good but it 's just a poor design to accomodate larger children . I called the manufacturer and they were nice enough but their only rely was that `` one size fits all '' , which , in my case , it does n't .
 This item is a really good idea , the fact that its made in the U.S.A. is fantastic ! It only has one flaw - the `` flusher unit '' -LRB- that others here have complained about -RRB- is made in China , ask me how I know ... because upon installing the battery the unit flushed & flushed & wouldnt stop ! We called the manufacturer only to find out the 800 # on their isntruction sheet is wrong , we then called the number from their website -LRB- long distance -RRB- & left a message , this was followed up by an e-mail , well here we are 4 days later & no returned call nor reply to the e-mail ! I find this ridiculous . To make a long story short I debated about returning the whole unit but still like the concept so I took it apon myself to diagnose & repair the `` flusher unit '' - it turned out the switch had a bad solder joint that caused a short . The manufacturer should make this part here in the US as well or train the folks in China how to solder properly : - -RRB-
 We bought this yesterday and will be taking it back . I have a boy and the pee guard is very flexible . When he would sit on the potty the pee guard folded right down into the pot and is useless . Also the flush feature , although very cute , is a big distraction . He would rather stand up and flush than sit on the potty . This might be an ok potty for a girl but not a boy .
 I bought this potty for my daughter in preperation for potty training . This potty has really done nothing spectacular to justify the forty dollar price tag . The little flushing mechanism broke on ours almost right away . The whole thing feels rather flimsy , and like a previous reviewer , the packaging was horrible . I thought that I may have received one that had been opened and returned . The one feature that I really loved however , was the wipe/toilet paper holder . That being said , my daughter actually prefers the little seat thing that goes on the actual toilet and a step stool . I was at first hesitent about trying that method as she is on the small side , but it has worked perfectly for us .
 We purchased the Toilet Trainer by Totco for our son based on all the favorable reviews . It 's a very cute trainer and does look like the real thing . In fact , my son knew what it was right away . However , because it has SO MANY removable parts -LRB- lid , seat cover , potty tray -RRB- that all my son likes to do is play with is like a toy . Than we tried the Once Upon a Potty and he LOVES it . It 's only one piece and it covers PERFECTLY for boys so they do n't `` shoot out '' without any additional parts . I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND that for boys in particular !
 We read the reviews that this potty might not be the best for little boys , but I thought that the real life features like the flusher handle might be worth it anyway . My 15 month old son is big for his age , but he does n't fit at all !! He could n't even attempt to pee sitting down on this potty , the hole is just too small for his little butt . We were so disappointed because we could tell he was excited about his very own potty , but we are going to have to return it and get something else .
 Our son 's pertinent part points about two inches above the pee guard ! He is tall/big for his two years , bit I do n't see how the pee guard would be effective for any sized boy . Also , the guard detaches too easily from the potty which futher comprimises its effectiveness . The potty is really cute , easy to put together , and easy to clean , but I would only recommend it for girls .
 About a year ago , I went searching for the perfect potty for my then 21/2 year old daughter . The reviews for this potty had me convinced that all I had to do was show it to her and she would fall in love instantly . What I now have learned is that this is no miracle potty training system , when your child is ready , they 'll take to it , and if they 're not , nothing is going to change their minds.These are the problems with this potty :1 -RRB- The lid falls down constantly . I finally just pulled it off .2 -RRB- I do n't know if anyone else had this problem , but my flusher never really worked right , you had to push down extremely hard to get it to work . My daughter could never do it on her own and I could barely do it myself . When I tried to take it apart and put it back together again -LRB- without the instructions , which I had thrown away -RRB- , I could n't do it .3 -RRB- It 's white . Sure , realism has its advantages , but to a kid like my daughter , to whom color is everything , having a white potty is an absolute deal breaker . She loves her other potty , a blue baby bjorn -LRB- higher back with a white insert pot -RRB- . In fact , if she needs to go and I say , let 's use this potty -LRB- the totco -RRB- , my daughter says , every time , `` no mom , get the blue one . `` 4 -RRB- It 's too bulky . This potty takes up a lot more space than my other baby bjorn potty .5 -RRB- It 's got too many parts . When my daughter uses her other potty , it 's very easy for her to pick up the pot part and dump it into the toilet and put it back -LRB- something she loves doing and is proud of ; I clean it out after she puts it back -RRB- . With this potty , you have to pick up the seat , then take out the pot . Putting it back together is not that easy for a little one . Not a big deal but something to consider . Lastly , along this vein , the pot is cumbersome to hold for a little one -LRB- again , only matters if you want your little one to do the dumping -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- on his/her own -RRB- .6 -RRB- It 's way too expensive.In fact , to this day , my now 31/2 year old has never once used this potty successfully . Sure , when I first brought it out -LRB- again , a year ago -RRB- she sat on it willingly enough , but she just was n't ready yet to `` go all the way . `` Bottom line , this potty has its problems and it is no potty training miracle . If your child is ready , you 're going to have success without this potty . If your child is n't ready , this potty wo n't do you any good . Either way , save your money and get a different potty .
 I knew about this chair 's various flaws before our purchase and it was n't at my local store so I could n't `` test '' it out beforehand , but the features still sounded so neat that we just had to order it . Big Mistake . It is bigger than any other potty chair I 've ever seen so you 'll need a mid size-large bathroom . It is very realistic-looking and was designed to make a flushing sound when the handle is flushed -LRB- However , some kids actually prefer something more colorful . My Suggestion
 I thought these would be great specially for the $ but I was soo WRONG !! I 've only washed them once , to have everything clean b/f baby gets here and they are covered in fuzz balls !! The fleese is covered in lil balls and strings of balls , way to many to even remove by hand - And on top of that on some of the edges the layers just came apart at the seam !!! It looks like a 20yr old fallen apart hand-me-down after one wash !! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !!!
 This are usefull pads for the changing table , but once I washed them they were all cover with fuzz balls .
 Initially , these seem like a good product . However , they do not wash well at all - they pill up very badly -LRB- and clog your dryer lint filter -RRB- . You will quickly have to replace them.We tried these once when we could n't find Carter 's lap pads , and they were a poor substitute.Search for Carter 's lap pads instead -LRB- also available at a local baby store -RRB- and you 'll be much happier .
 These are only good for 1-2 washes and then they pill and look terrible . I would not purchase again . Sadly there does n't seem to be too much else out there .
 These are miserable and by far the worst thing we have bought so far for our baby.At first glance , these seem great for changing pads . Fuzzy on the outside to absorb a bit of fluid and to keep baby comfortable , plasticy on the inside to keep fluid from soaking through . They are also a bit stiff , so they fold easily and lay out nicely on any surface . After the first wash though , everything about them turns to garbage.First of all , they pill all up and look like a dirty crows nest . Not only that , they get those pills all over your other clothes , so you have to spend about an hour picking fuzzy junk out of all your clothes.Second , the nice plasticy -LRB- yes I know that 's not a word -RRB- inside begins to separate and you can see right through these so they completely lose their `` waterproofness '' . So after one wash , they lose their comfort AND their waterproofness . So if you like to spend a bunch of money on disposable pads , have at it . If you expect to get any long term value out of these , FORGET IT!As far as any other uses you would have for it ? They would make miserable burping cloths because they are stiff and too big . They 're not big enough to completely cover a crib or bassinet , so if you 're planing on using them as a waterproof pad for that , you 'd have to layer them which would leave places for fluids to leak through.If I could give these a zero , I would . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! I hate these and I hate the manufacturer of these for duping me into buying these .
 Did not wash well and pilled - do n't buy this item . The fabric broke down in the first wash -LRB- on a delicate cycle no less ! -RRB-
 Do n't be fooled by the picture ... Those cute little lambies and whatnot that look quilted onto puffy , soft flannel ... Well , they are simply shapes melted randomly using a hot branding iron to fuse the plastic layers together ! The pads are n't soft , they are n't fluffy , and they do n't fold . They are stiff , they continuously shed huge strands of polyester fluff , and make such a loud crinkling sound that my dog wo n't even lay on them in his dog house . I might carry these in the back of my SUV to protect my carpet from draining pots when I bring home plants from the nursery , but I would never put a baby on them .
 These changing pads are TERRIBLE . I washed them before my baby came home and not only did they ball up and end up looking like they were 10 years old -LRB- they were brand new -RRB- , their fuzz balls stuck on everything else I washed them with . So there I sat , with a lint brush , trying to salvage the laundry . They are 100 % not worth the annoyance . Buy another brand and save yourself the hassle . I would give this product zero stars , but apparently you are forced to assign at least one .
 I was hoping that they were more absorbent . They repel more than anything else , allowing baby , baby 's clothes , etc to get wet/soiled . I would not recommend purchasing unless you are using them as a waterproof mattress protector only . They do not hold up well in the wash either . Even when washed on gentle cycle .
 I was very disapointed . I washed before using it and that was it . Could not use anymore . I used baby detergent and tunble dry in a low setting . Do n't buy it . it 's a waste of money
 These are trash . Did not survive a run through the washer and dryer . Had to throw them away . Used the same ones years ago with my first child and they were great .
 These pads were a deal that was too good to be true . Compared to other pads they were a good deal for 3 . After using them for less than 7 weeks , they are already falling apart . Balled up on 1st wash . Plastic inside ripped on 1 . Only washed a couple times a week !! If you hand wash and hang to dry they might be okay . Would NOT buy again . Ordering more of the expensive `` name brand '' pads !!!
 My mom and I have been having an extremely hard time finding a contoured changing pad that will fit my Sorelle Camden combo crib/changer . The dimensions of the changing pad in the product details state that it is 24 inches by 14 inches , which is exactly what I needed . What I received was a 33x17 changing pad : / Will be returning immediately .
 I liked the idea of using an infant carrier to have my hands free while working around the house . Unfortunately , this just did n't work out for me and my daughter . She was almost twenty inches and nine pounds at birth , so by the time she was a couple of weeks old and I was ready to try out the carrier , it was incredibly awkward getting her into the thing . I 'm not particularly tall and with my daughter being a big baby , I had to have my husband help me . By the time we got her in place , she was so irritated by the process , she wanted no part of it.She also did n't like facing in toward me and not being able to see . By the time , she was old enough to face outward , she was too big for me to comfortably use the carrier . This is the only carrier I tried , so I do n't know if this is a problem with all carriers , but in this case , I found it to be more trouble than it was worth .
 I kept this around thinking that at some point I would find a use for it when it would be worth the trouble for the help it gave , but did n't find one.For younger babies , the head support does n't work very well . Even if they can hold their heads upright , they still get bounced around a lot more than in another brand of carrier.The leg holes are a pain , both to get the child 's legs into the right positions , and to get them back out , and are really small . My daughter outgrew them at about 12 pounds , when she was getting a red mark all of the way around her legs from being in it only a short time with my mother.A friend of mine has another brand which my daughter adores being carried in , especially front facing , and which seems to be a lot better designed for practical use .
 I received this carrier as a shower gift and I have yet to use it . First of all , the instructions were n't complete - there was a piece I did n't know how to use as it was n't pictured in the instructions anywhere ! Also , I am only 5 ' 0 '' and no matter how tight I adjusted the thing it still hung down too low . I would n't recommend this for anyone who is petite like me .
 My baby weighs 12 pounds and I found it very difficult to put him in and take him out of this carrier . His legs wanted to slide in the arm holes and his head was slouched too far down . I actually had to lay down on the bed to take him out of it . Bottom line -- carrier is too hard to place baby in !! I ended up returning !!
 This purchase was a waste of money . We bought a Snugli because this Infantino carrier was worthless . It was so uncomfortable for me and for baby . Do n't buy it . Buy a Bjorn or a Snugli .
 I never figured out how to get my baby in and out of this carrier and I felt uncomfortable when he was in it . The design is overly complex but I am sure there is some good use for thing ... perhaps a modernistic hanging fern planter : -RRB-
 I had bought this for my son when he was a few months old . We lived in an apartment complex on the second floor , so it was crazy to drag him and teh stroller down stairs . I had bought this to make our daily walk to the mailboxes easy . It worked great at first . When he turned 4 months old I had problems . I was packing the car to go on a trip with him in it . IT was TOO tight around his stomach that he spit up in teh back of our SUV . With him in it I could n't even put two fingers between him and the carrier . Never used it since
 I bought this because I wanted a carrier for short trips instead of always hauling a stroller . The price was good but it 's VERY uncomfortable to wear and never sits on the body right . My daughter screamed whenever she was in it or she made her body very stiff like she was scared beyond belief . I do n't feel that this carrier is very safe and it 's very difficult to get baby in and out . Spend your money on a better one . Yes it is soft but look at others .
 Infatino 's Eurorider -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- is a better product that their CozyRider . -LRB- approx $ 15 -RRB- I tried my 10 lb newborn in both and the Euro was simply better made and more comfortable for both of us.Even though the EuroRider costs more , it 's still much cheaper than a Baby Bjorn and just as good in construction .
 I bought this thinking it is a good deal , but it turned outthat neither me -LRB- 5.2 '' -RRB- nor daddy -LRB- 6.2 '' -RRB- . are comfortable having the little one in it.Even after a short period of time already the back hurts.Also it is very akward getting the baby in & out.We ended up purchasing the infant carrier from kelty - what a difference .
 I like that baby can drool/spit up on it without having to remove the entire crib sheet to wash , but since this is terry cloth -LRB- it 's like a cheap towel -RRB- , there are little bits of fabric that I find in my baby 's neck , around his eyes , threads that are loose that have gotten tangled around his fingers . It 's really cheaply made , and the terry cloth is definitely not best for baby ! I would even question it 's safety since so much of the threads have unraveled -LRB- and after only one washing ! -RRB- . I will be looking into the fleece ones to see if they are any better .
 It works fine ... nothing exceptional , but only comes with ONE so you have to buy two ; not such a great deal then .
 Do n't bother buying this matress pad . It leaks right through it , on to the sheet !
 Awful ! Was n't even quilted in the back ... I bought some of these a few months back , those ones were great then i received this , it was n't the same ones i previously ordered .
 Every time my infant 's diapers do n't catch everything ... it leaks right through this `` sheet saver '' and wets the sheet . I am very disappointed and would not recommend .
 We purchased this changing table for our infant daughter and while it looks great from a style standpoint , the thing is poorly constructed and has inherent problems . Namely , when we first bought it , the drawers literally started falling apart . The `` wood '' came apart and the drawers are continually coming out of alignment . The hardware that was used for the tracks that the drawers rest on is complete garbage . They bend easily . . and we 're not talking about heavy stuff we 're storing . This is light baby clothing for Pete 's sakes . The European `` turn screw bolts '' that hold the corners of the drawer are continually coming loose and falling out , very frustrating . My husband finally resorted to gluing the drawers . I would n't recommend this at all . For the money , there has to be something out there that is constructed better .
 I bought this because I love the look of it and thought my daughter would enjoy a personal sized blanket . It is a beautiful blanket and very soft but if your baby is a chewer , then the fuzz from the `` Cotton Candy '' blanket will come off in their mouth . Also , the satin border is much stiffer than I expected . I bought a Little Giraffe chenille blankie that I am much happier with now !
 I bought this because I love the look of it and thought my daughter would enjoy a personal sized blanket . It is a beautiful blanket and very soft but if your baby is a chewer , then the fuzz from the `` Cotton Candy '' blanket will come off in their mouth . Also , the satin border is much stiffer than I expected . I bought a Little Giraffe chenille blankie that I am much happier with now !
 TERRIBLE ... THE SECOND TIME I TOOK IT OUT , BOTH BACK TIRES POPPED . THE FABRIC ALSO HAS A CHEMICAL SMELL TO IT THAT DOES NOT GO AWAY WITH TIME OR BEING AIRED OUT . THE SELLER WAS GREAT ABOUT TAKING IT BACK .
 Fabric falling apart , threads coming out , pieces mis-sewn - made in China all the way . Took me several tries to get a good one .
 I bought this because I love the look of it and thought my daughter would enjoy a personal sized blanket . It is a beautiful blanket and very soft but if your baby is a chewer , then the fuzz from the `` Cotton Candy '' blanket will come off in their mouth . Also , the satin border is much stiffer than I expected . I bought a Little Giraffe chenille blankie that I am much happier with now !
 These feel like sandpaper - seriously . Even after washing . I never used them and for me they were a total waste of money . They do look like they would fit very securely on a mattress though .
 After a few months with this walker , I am heading out the door to buy the $ 20 Little Tikes walker at Toys R Us . The Leap Frog walker is USELESS . The wheels move & spin WAY too easily ... the walker can easily get away from your child ; plus , any tiny bump or nudge and the music either starts or resets . The `` piano keys '' are not interactive at all , and neither is the spinning wheel ... so basically , there is NOTHING for your child to play with here .
 Babies r us would not accept `` $ 5.00 off all walkers '' coupon , it seems they do n't consider this item a `` WALKER '' . ??? When we assembled it we were unhappy . It pushes too easy , and it 's use as a floor toy was very uneventful . Considering it was one of the most expensive , we were very disappionted . Even though the childern on the box seem to be having such a good time with the toy , it seems that the box might be more enjoyable!This `` toy ???? '' will be returned for one of the less expensive and probably more enjoyable walkers .
 I got this toy for my son for his birthday and it broke five minutes after we took it out of the box . The thing that is suppose to turn around in the middle doesnt work and the piano keys dont work either ! Worst toy ever and I hope no one else will ever buy it ! Even if it did work it doesnt seem like it would have been much fun .
 Our daughter received this walker as a gift from her grandparents , without consulting us her parents , first . I would not have chosen this walker . Now 14 months old , she has never voluntarily pushed it around . The songs are annoying , loud -LRB- the 2-level volume switch does n't make much difference -RRB- and often begin spontaneously if the walker is left on . The motor on the ABC wheel is sounds like it 's grinding and the wheel comes out of place easily , whirring loudly , not spinning , until fixed .
 Item came without leg support . I called customer service was told it would take 10 -15 days to get . Asked for supervisor . He said will be sent UPS ground most likely 4 - 5 days . I told him for severely developmentally delayed 12 month old and I need in my home for 3 days . Asked if he could ship priority , NOT over night , to get here . I was told he could n't be responsible for an item bought from the store ! The package was not tampered with , and when I told him that his attitude was rude / negative . I asked if he could help me , maybe he could send a donation to our town 's new autism center . He said No - we already make other donations . This company does NOT promptly try to fix a problem . Even when I told him I would tell others of their poor customer service .
 Save your money ! Here are the problems
 The wheel on the product makes a grinding noise that easily overpowers the music and the music itself is terribly annoying and resets everytime your child hits a button making it cut into the words that are supposed to be teaching your child things ! Not a bright idea Leap Frog ! Also , I got this for my son when he was almost 1 for Christmas last year and when he would pull up on it , it would take off going forward leaving my child on the floor behind it wondering what the heck happened ! This toy is already broken and it is n't the fault of me or my child , it is the poor workings of the wheel . It refuses to spin after changing batteries , cleaning the battery ports with an alcohol pad , and other suggestions from leap frog support . NOT recommended , try at your -LRB- and you child 's -RRB- own risk !!
 Well , it looked great in the store , but was n't what we were looking for . I am actually bringing it back today to get a refund . The sound tracks are great . The music is pleasant and upbeat , but you ca n't really `` play '' with it . It really only works when you actually push it , and when you sit with it your play is limited . I 'm glad others are enjoying it , but I felt we did not get our money 's worth , especially since it 's not that sturdy and moves really fast .
 My son received this walker for Christmas . It is a good walker because it allows plenty of room for his feet between the wheels . But as a toy , this thing does n't hold up . Unfortunately , my son likes to spin the alphabet wheel which initially just worsened the sound quality but has now completely jammed up the songs . We do n't even bother turning on the sound anymore which is a shame because when it worked , it was fairly enjoyable -LRB- especially the trumpet -RRB- . This thing lasted about 1.5 months . Not good enough for a toddler 's toy .
 This toy is not worth the money , there is n't any interactivity with the toy at all ! The front looks like there are lot of things to push , it is misleading . The only interactivity is rotating the little ball on the side with the shapes on it . The rest of the movable parts only move when the walker is pushed . It 's probably a good toy for some , but my son MUCH prefered his Little Tikes Push & Ride Racer . This item does n't interest him much , not worth the money for us . But each kid is different .
 I wanted to buy a toy to help with the next stage , walking . My son is 8 months old and is standing and climbing on his own . He used the toy to help him stand but then there was nothing else to do . He could push it but he was looking up the entire time not even at all the stuff going on down below . I did n't want to teach my son to walk with his head hanging down either.The toy really misrepresents itself when it says you can lay it flat so they can play . The toy offers no real interaction for the child , except the horn that can turn , everything else is activated when the child walks behind it . I was disappointed that the child could n't even spin the wheel in the middle .
 I am usually happy with the leapfrog toys but this walker could be better . As mentioned in another review the `` drum '' or `` spinning alphabet wheel '' only is supposed to spin when the child makes the walker move . My daughter also kept trying to spin the wheel herself and messed up all the songs . Save you money and buy a cheaper walker . This one just seems to be too be TOO fancy .
 This hamper coordinates well with the room decor , and I love the Jungle Babies theme . However , we were very disappointed in the quality . After 5 months of use , my nanny picked up the laundry hamper to move it to another corner of the nursery and it simply broke . Upon inspection , the wood was very cheap and it is only glued together . It may have come unglued because we , like many parents , are running a humidifier in our son 's room . I can not speculate . All I know is that I went out and got a better hamper from a local discount store for half the price . It does n't offer the cute designs of this hamper , but it 's the sort of thing that I can pick up and throw around and not worry about it falling apart , let alone just moving it across the room .
 I ordered this hamper because it matches my daughter 's room decor , but I was very dissapointed by the quality of the wood . It is not very sturdy . I looks cheap . I would n't recommend this to a friend .
 We have been a Pampers family since the moment our daughter was born . The hospital gave us the Swaddlers newborn and she wore those until she hit the Cruisers . She 's become very interested in the potty training and our doctor told us to go ahead and give it a try . She 's doing pretty good at it so far but with no help from these!They are a total pain to get up and down for her and us . We have to fight to get them up and then they fold into themselves and make it impossible for her to get down . And if she goes in them they are even worse . They sag worse than a cheap store brand diaper ! She 's even had they fall off of her after only one accident . And they leak like crazy if she does have an accident.We just were n't impressed with these at all ! We tried the Huggies trainers that can go on and off like a diaper and she 's doing great in them ! We honestly look for her to be totally potty trained by 18 months !
 I bought these as an introduction to potty training my daughter and they are meant to be absorbent like diapers but when they reach they 're capacity they sag REALLY bad , they even sag before they 're soaked . I ca n't tell you how many times my daughter had been playing and she comes to me with the diaper in hand because it just slides off . Save your money and get something else .
 According to a former nation safety council member and approved CHP child seat inspector , this is NOT approved to use with a child seat . Do not buy this !! After our car seat inspection we returned this ; better safe than sorry .
 Anything placed between your car 's seat and an infant seat loosens the installation and violates the seat 's warranty . Sure it 's convenient and keeps your car seats clean , but it 's not worth endangering your child 's life over .
 I ordered this product for my in-laws to put under a booster seat they purchased for my son for when he visits . When they opened the seat protector , the black dye from top layer had bled onto the beige backing which is to be placed against the car 's upholstery . We sent digital pictures of the problem directly to Munchkin 's customer service dept. The problem was very easily visible in the photos but they requested that we return it so their Product Development Dept. could view the defect . Being a good citizen , I sent the seat protector back immedaitely and asked them to reimburse me for the postage . I got an e-mail from the customer service rep. telling me it 's their policy not to issue a refund but , instead , they would send me an age appropriate toy for my child . The cheapest shipping had been more than half the price of the product . I could n't believe it ! After a few more e-mails eventually the customer service representative said a reimbursement for me had been approved by her supervisor but that was almost 3 weeks ago and I have n't received it.After about 2 weeks , my in-laws finally received a replacement protector that had the EXACT SAME PROBLEM !!!! The customer service rep. assured us that the product had been inspected by their warehouse . The whole situation has honestly been a complete mess.Please be aware of this problem and think twice about ordering this product espcially if you have light colored covering on your rear seats .
 Whatever dye is being used on these protectors ends up rubbing off on the upholstery . Your seat may be protected from wrinkles and creases but they 'll end up discolored if you have a lighter color interior .
 Had it for two weeks and it smells so bad . My two year old spilled small amount of milk and whole car stinks . We took the pad out , confirmed it was this , washed it with bleach and water . Still smell terrible , then put it in washer which is probably not approved . Still stinks .
 I received this auto mat yesterday along with several other baby items from Amazon . When I opened the box , I was just about knocked over by the chemical smell . It was like holding a giant permanent marker up to my nose . I could smell it on my hands after handling it . The mat has been out on the back porch since I took it out of the box , and as soon as I open the door , I can smell it though it is at least 5 feet away . I can not imagine how bad it would be after sitting in an enclosed hot car all day . I had to put the fabric items that came along in the shipment outside to air out as well.I saw a review that mentioned `` sturdy fabric '' which confuses me because the one I received is 90 % plastic that I guess is supposed to resemble faux leather . The only fabric on the one I received is the 1cm binding around the edges and the small pocket that hangs off the bottom .
 This product bleeds dye !! Please save yourself the hassle and dont consider this seat protector if you have light colored seats . I had read one or two reviews that mentioned this but figured I would give it a try anyway and now I have 2 cars with black marks on tan leather .
 I bought these for a brand new 2012 Accord with tan leather . They have been in it for a week . I pulled them out and there is a big dye stain on my new seat . I tried leather cleaner and it will not come off . I chose to ignore the other reviews talking about leaking dye . I suggest you look at other brands .
 If you are looking for a soft material this one is not for you . I know some reviewers state it feels softer after washing it but if I still did n't like it then I would not have been able to return it .
 So far , we 've used this once in a public place and it did n't fit the toilet . I was afraid of this after reading previous reviews and it happened to me too . I managed to carefully balance and hold a scared toddler -LRB- my daughter -RRB- to minimize the situation . Does not work on public toilets well - and there a NO changing that !!!!
 I bought his seat because I am a complete germaphobe and did n't want my daughter sitting on a public restroom seat . I tried it out at home so she could get used to it and I 'm glad I did . I could not get it to fit our standard sized toilet seat at all . It sort of perched above it . When I got it nearly down I sat her on it and it started to fall/fold in in the back . She panicked and started squirming ending with her bottom being pinched . The seat is perfectly flat except the seams for the folds . I 'm just not a fan of the design . I think she would have been more comfortable if it was contoured a bit . I have read some reviews that say it 's tricky but manageable and offer some tips . I have tried those but no luck . I think there are better options out there .
 I read all the reviews and decided to give this seat a try anyway . Did everything properly , but the seat slid around and then pinched my son 's bum when he sat down because it flexed when he put his weight on it . It was worth a try , but I would n't recommend this seat , or any like it , for that matter .
 When I first got this seat , I thought it was pretty cool . Soon thereafter I tried to use it on two different toilets . With the first , I could n't get the seat to flatten enough to make it really stable for my daughter . With the second , a newer toilet with an nonstandard bowl , it would n't even fit . Problem is , the newer toilet is exactly why I bought the thing -- to use at my brother 's house.Am going to try something else . This thing really is kind of junky . Compact and small , but not very stable , and if you are potty training a young one -LRB- my daughter 's 18 month -RRB- , I would not recommend this .
 This product caused a significant laceration on my 2-year-olds bottom the 2nd time the seat was used . Please do not try this with your child - just in case the same thing happens ! Pinches horribly ! Do not purchase !!!!!
 I purchased this for my potty training toddler , but it does not fit our standard toilet , placed on the front as the directions state , it leaves a large gap at the back which is not supported and looks very unsafe . I would n't even let him try it .
 Thought this potty seat would be great for twin grandkids when out and about town . They weigh less than 30 pounds and it collapsed in when they sat on it . would not recommend this product !
 This is a great idea with handles and all but it doesnt have the stability sometimes when used on public toilet that has reasonable sized opening . It folds and will buckle under the pressure if not held while my son is on it . He is 2 years old and about 30 lbs.It moves a bit and the front opening closes so he sometimes pee 's on it due to the horseshoe opening pinches together .
 First of all , the hinge on its back folds up everytime the child moves a little bit and therefore PINCHES the bottom!Secondly , pictures on the box are all misleading ... it only covers the front 1/2 or maybe less of the potty seat.Thirdly , the `` travel bag '' thats included in the pack is a lousy `` ziplock '' storage bag ... that too the kind which does n't even have an `` easy zipper '' !!! I would rather keep a box of clorox wipes in my diaper bag to clean the public toilet seat before use !
 This product does not fit on elongated toilet seats as specified in the product description .
 This seat has never sat right on any toilet I have encountered and actually made my son frightened to use it . It would shift and semi-collapse in use if my son squirmed and all in all made potty trips a bad experience.However , I think the same rings true about any folding seat cover since I have used about every one on the market and they all have the same flaws.I say if you are really worried about germs in public restrooms either use a non-folding seat or steer clear of them . Or just do what I did and make sure your child knows how to properly wash his/her hands after using the restroom .
 This does not fit any toilet . My daughter would not use it after it pinched her behind . It is for round toilets and every place I went has oval toilets . Good concept , but they need to redesign for oval toilets .
 The edge is sharp , my son has red marks on his legs every times he sit on it . I know it 's cheap , I get what I pay for , but I still wish it could be a little more comfortable for kid .
 The seat easily folds and unfolds , but other than that does not have much going for it.This seat angles my kids very far back on the toilet so that their feet are dangling on the front part of a public toilet.The back fold meets them right at the butt , which is very uncomfortable for them so that they do n't want to sit on the seat.It is also just generally wobbly and unstable . And looks like it will buckle inward at any moment and leave them stranded in the toilet.We are returning it for a Potette 2 in 1 , hopefully we will have better luck there .
 I had high hopes for the portable potty seat , but was disappointed it is NOT user friendly . It took four tries to get my daughter on the seat without the seat shifting or folding in . I now know you have to lift the child high above the seat and gently place her down right on top because it shifts off the toilet . At the same time you have to hold the seat because it wants to fold in on itself -LRB- very weak -RRB- . In fairness I have to say it may have been the shape of the toilet . I was at Target at the time . Who knows ?
 My baby is in the 99th percentile in weight and height , he just turned two . I purchased one of these at Wal-Mart , I used it correctly and my poor son collapsed it 90 % of the time , I tried all different positions and no matter what it buckled . This is a great idea for children below the 50th percentile , any more than that I say keep looking . It is n't fun fishing your kid out of a public toilet .
 this doesnt fit your typical toilet seat . We bought is coz we were planning to travel and didnt want to bring our potty seat from the kids bathroom . Youre better off buying a toilet seat cover or having your kids balance on the toilet . Save your money .
 I used it today now that my daughter is 2 and a half . The seat slid so my daughter almost fell to the floor . I was surprised how unsafe this item is
 I would not recommend this product . The seat did not fit most toilet seats and kept sliding around . My son was in pain from sitting on the seat and where it folded left dents in his legs when he go off of it . I tried it a couple of times on different seats and my son would cry when we tried to put him on it . So we finally gave up and threw it out .
 The idea behind this seat is good . Little ones , especially those just learning to use the toilet , need a portable seat so they feel secure on public toilets , or even at Grandma 's house . But the design on this seat is not good for little kids . The seat does n't stay on the toilet securely . Even with me lifting my toddler up onto the seat , it shifts , falls into the toilet -LRB- ew ! -RRB- , etc. . But the most serious problem with it is that the seat pinches little parts in the hinges . OWW ! Also , because of its shifting , once -LRB- trying it at home to see if it worked any better -RRB- , it slid over and REALLY pinched my sons privates inbetween the seat and the regular toilet seat .
 I bought this product because my little girl always wants to use the toilet . We have a regular potty trainer that goes on our toilet at home and thought this would be similar . It is not ! It has not fit on ANY public toilet we have tried and slips all over the place . She does n't want to use it , which leaves me with nothing ! I would not purchase this product .
 It is not perfect , but it does the job . Never had a pinching issue like I had read about . fitting on public seats is an issue because most are oblong and this is designed for round seats . Works fine for boys and girls , we keep in a ziploc bag .
 Seems like a good idea , but it does n't quite fit on many public toilet seats . It does fold up , but is still a bit bulky in the diaper bag since I cart around stuff for a baby as well . Great idea , but not quite right .
 This product has yet to fit well on any toilet we 've tried it on . It slides around . It 's very flimsy and my son is scared to sit on it because he does n't feel safe . This product is n't worth the money .
 I bought this thinking it would work on public restrooms larger toilets for my toddler and it DOES N'T FIT AT ALL ! if you are using just for home-sized potties it is fine except it heaves a little in the center but do n't get it for travel as it does n't work for that .
 We bought this product after reading some of the favorable reviews as we wanted to have a seat to take while travelling with our 2 toddler daughters.This potty seat turns out to be a complete waste of money . It is made of very flimsy plastic and the design does not fit ANY toilet seat securely . We tried it backward and forward and each time it does not stay on securely and slips around , rendering it completely useless . Worse yet , my daughters , who each weigh less than 30 lbs seemed to be too heavy as placing them on the seat caused the center to droop.This is one of the worst designed child product I have encountered .
 I bought this seat thinking it would be great for us because we travel a lot . I ended up throwing it away . It does not hold up my two year old and is made out of cheap plastic .
 I wanted to get my child familiar with this thing before I try getting her to sit on it when we are out . I placed this folding potty against the front of my toilet at home , and it seemed stable . My two-year-old said it was comfortable . Then I noticed a puddle growing in front of the toilet and realized that all the pee was coming out ! She was just sitting on it normally . I thought I would just let her finish and then clean her up . Well , she started to move or try to get up or something and fell face first onto the ground!The best way I 've found to avoid the dirtiest part of the toilet is to sit my kid on the side of the toilet , facing the toilet paper or -LRB- even better -RRB- the handicapped bar . I usually just hold her as she sits -LRB- for stability -RRB- , and she 's never fallen in . This folding potty thing was more trouble than anything . I would not recommend it .
 I found that this potty was easy to unfold , but had gaps between where they pieces connect , making it very easy for a child to get pinched . Also , I put it on my toilet , and put a bit of weight on it , and it bowed easily , so I was very worried about putting my child on it . Especially since I had gone back and read other negative reveiws on it . We ended up getting a regular potty seat and putting it in the car . It fits in the bottom of the stroller , so I always have it with me .
 Do not buy this potty seat-it is awful ! I take plenty of time to fit the seat properly on the toliet and when I try to put my 2yo daughter on it , it slips around . My daughter is not comfortable on it at all and it pinches her bottom . Every single time I have used this she pees all over herself and the floor also because this seat has to be positioned all the way to the front of the toliet and there is not enough room for her to slide back enough so she has space to potty . Then it slips around and practically falls off the potty when I try to take her off of it . I am going to sell it in my garage sale-it is worthless .
 We bought this seat to use on a vacation trip , and learned quite quickly that it was entirely unstable and did n't fit ANY of the toilet seats we wanted to use it for - not airport toilets , airplane toilets or even the hotel toilet . It slipped and slid around when we tried to put my son it , inducing screams and general terror of airplane toilets . After trying it on three different toilets on which it did not securely git , we just used the `` hover '' technique and accepted that we might get a little wet but our son would feel more stable rather than terrifed . On the occasions when he saw the seat on the rest of the vacation , he told us to PUT IT AWAY , IT WAS NOT GOOD and insisted it be hidden from his sight . I had to agree with him .
 I thought this foldable seat was such a good idea , but it just did n't seem stable enough for my little munchkin . It kind of bends a little when she sits on it and it makes her feel insecure . It 's unfortunate because now I have to lug around a full sized potty seat -LRB- just the top part , not a whole setup -RRB- . I understand her fears because it really does look like she might &#34; fall in &#34; . Oh well , I tried . : -RRB-
 I bought this for my two-year-old son to use in public restrooms . It got the best reviews of the portable potties I was looking at . I have a BOY , so there needs to be some kind of guard or something there or he pees all over the bathroom stall . Not only that , but because of where the handles are located , he ca n't spread his legs very far apart , so he 's really just aiming for the floor . The seams do n't pinch and it does hold his weight -LRB- 28 pounds -RRB- , but it 's not the best solution for a little boy . Skip it and just help them sit on the toilet .
 The kids never felt like they were n't going to fall in . Tested it out , but was never able to put it to use .
 This is a great idea but falls short . The opening is too small -LRB- but all folding potty rings seem to be -RRB- . Because the ring has to sit at the FRONT of the toilet , this leaves little room to aim and pee . I was skeptical about complaints that the front handles are in the way , but because the ring is so small , there is really no other place for little legs to go.The pluses : it folds together easily so the dirty sides all fold into each otherit 's really compact when it foldsthe joints have plastic grooves that ` click ' together when they 're fully extendedthe bumpers at the bottom of this are FABULOUS . they have a lot of grip and really keep the ring in placeThe minuses : the plastic is really flimsy and any kid over 20lbs -LRB- maybe less -RRB- will flex thisbecause it has to sit at the front of the toilet , there is minimal support at the back and the flexing is accentuatedbecause it has to sit at the front of the toilet , expect the best aim to go right past the potty ring and onto the nasty public toilet bowl and kid 's clothesThe mellow go-with-the-flow kid that got to sit on this IMMEDIATELY asked to go to a different potty and then said DONE just to get off the thing.There are n't much better choices , but considerMommy 's Helper Cushie Travelerif you need something compact .
 I hate to write negative reviews , but this just did n't work for us at all . Thankfully , it was n't much money spent , so no big loss . I bought it for my almost 2yr old son . He has done great with potty training at home , but trying to get him perched on a public toilet has proven to be impossible . I also thought that it would be nice to have something to keep my 3yr old daughter off the nasty seats . So ... we gave this a try.I 'll start with the pros : I had no problems with it slipping or pinching or sagging . -LRB- Although , I can totally see where the last 2 could be a problem . We just did n't use it long enough to have those issues . -RRB- It does fold up small enough to fit in my ginormous diaper bag without any problem . I also liked that there were handles for the kids to hold . The low price was , of course , a huge perk.And the con : Neither child can pee on it . Because of where the handles are , the kids legs are forced together . I wo n't even mention trying to get the poor little boy 's wee-wee tucked in that position . Oh wait , I just did ... Truly , the bladder does n't empty as well with the legs together like that . For both my kids , they ca n't go at all with their legs smushed into that position . Unfortunately for us , I ca n't use it with either kid.There are , obviously , loads of people out there who love it , but it did n't work for us . Now , I 'm off to find an alternative .
 I was so excited to find a portable - easy to fit in the diaper bag-potty seat . But it just has too much ` give ' and my child is just frightened sitting on it . I 'll be packin ' the sturdier - non folding variety from now on .
 This is not a good product if you have a boy.My son is 2.5 yrs old and is doing pretty well with potty training but most commercial toilet seats are so big and have such a large gap in the front that his legs get hurt trying to sit on the seat . I thought this would work similar to the other toddler seats that fit on the inside of the toilet seats.It was tricky to figure out how this was supposed to fit on the seat . I finally figured out it fit on the front of the toilet seat . But there 's nothing to block the front and it sits too high off the main toilet seat for a boy to tuck `` it '' down far enough . So I had to use a wad of toilet paper in front so my son did n't spray me or his clothes.I would only recommend this if you have a girl !
 We bought this for our son after experiencing some dirty or too large public toilets.My husband tried to use it for the first time yesterday and could not get it to fit the toilet at a restaurant and there was no way he could lift my son on to it without it slipping.I thought I would give it a try today when we were out for breakfast . Typical toilet at Einstein 's bagels.I had a hard time getting it to stay , lifted my son up and placed him on the seat . He let out a horrible scream and I lifted him up and threw the seat cover to the floor.He was bleeding.THE PRIMO FOLDING POTTY SEAT CUT HIM ON HIS BEHIND !!!!!! This product does not fit on toilets , the handles are blocking where the legs should go and instead of protecting him , it hurt him.We will just bring disinfecting wipes from now on.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 My son used this several times & wet all over the floor each time . There is no splash guard on it for boys , but it probably works fine for girls .
 I had high hopes for this seat . I was very excited to get it . I have attempted to use it at two different restuarants -LRB- Olive Garden being one , the other a local place -RRB- and it does not fit . I tried it at the top , middle and bottom near the opening . I even tried it with the seat lifted up . I like the idea of it but it does not work .
 This seat is fine but the strap is difficult to use and does not secure itself to the seat very well . I would most likely not recommend this to a friend .
 We got this for our 21 month old daughter . It has no lap belt so she thinks it is fun to try to get out of while eating or sliding down to get stuck in between it and the table , oh and standing on top of it too . I do not recommend unless your child sits perfectly still the entire time they eat .
 While these decals seem like a great idea when you do n't want anything permanent , and they are very cute , kids love them , do n't expect them to actually stay on the wall . I 've had them for less than a week and most of them have already fallen off the wall . In fact , they started bubbling and peeling off within hours of me putting them up . -LRB- And I made sure I read the instructions several times , especially after they started peeling off within a few hours of putting them up . I wanted to make sure I was n't doing anything wrong and I did n't . -RRB- In less than a week since I 've put them up , they 're pretty much trash because they 've fallen off so many times and I 've had to `` reposition '' them so many times it 's not even sticky anymore . Unless you want to throw your money away in about a week , you 're probably better off finding another solution to decorating a room . I guess you could always use clear tape to tape these decals up , but I would n't imagine that 'd look so great , and kind of defeats the purpose of `` self-stick '' decorations.I give it zero stars for performance , but I 'll be generous in giving 2 stars for how cute they are and my kids were SO excited to have Buzz Lightyear on their walls . Now they just keep telling me that Buzz is falling off .
 Completely useless . Like everyone says , it does n't fit . It wo n't stay on . I 've spent hours trying to get it on and am so annoyed . Do NOT waste your money . I am sending it back .
 I have been driven completely bananas trying to get this sunshade to stay on - as soon as you get the top stretched over , the bottom flicks off -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- And I 'm not alone - everyone I meet has had the same problem with the shade , its about 5cm too short and this makes it practically unusable.I also live in Queensland Australia . I do n't know about northern hemisphere sun but silver does nothing to block it out over here . I have resorted to a black piece of sheet instead which works much better .
 This sunshade is absolutely terrible . Just like other reviewers mentioned , it simply does not fit the stroller . Returned next day ! I can not believe bugaboo still manufactures these things .
 I purchsed the sun shade hoping it would protect my daughter from the harsh summer sun . Unfortunately it 's practically impossible to affix to the stroller . Chalk this up to another disappointing Bugaboo accessory . So far we only like the cup holder and the wheeled board -LRB- unless you also count the foam tires which really are great . -RRB-
 This is so poorly designed . If it fits on the bottom , it does n't reach the top . If you manage to get the sunshade on , good luck getting it back on after you have to attend to your baby !
 Once again , we found a reason to drop more money into this pram.The sunshade seemed like a good idea as we moved from London to southern California . Taking it out of the package it looked like a quality product . The issue is that the fitting is so tight it will constantly slips right off .
 I already use these bottles -LRB- they 're wonderful -RRB- and ended up on Amazon because I needed to order more . According to the description and box image available , these are not the BPA-free offering that is sold in stores and on the official Learning Curve website . There is no way I will buy these bottles from Amazon . regardless of the price -LRB- which is actually slightly more than they are going for on the official site -RRB- . There is no reason Amazon should still be selling these old bottles when the BPA-free offering is now available .
 I bought these bottles because my baby is breast fed and will not take a bottle . i have tried all the bottles including nuk and other similar name brand bottles . She would not take none of them including this one . The nipple collapses very easy , so you are constantly taking the bottle in and out of the babys mouth .
 I got these when I was pregnant with my son . I 've given him this bottle a few times and every time the milk just dribbles down his chin . He definitely gets more on him than in him . Furthermore , the two-part nipple is difficult to clean , and the wide necked bottle does n't fit my breast pump , so I have to use a conventional bottle and then pour it into the breastflow one . It 's a lot of hassle so my son can cover himself in milk . I paid $ 14 for a set of three and they do n't do me much good . In contrast , someone gave me some angled bottles from playtex and my son has n't had any problems - no nipple confusion or anything - with them.It 's kind of disappointing .
 UPDATE 2010
 We started using this bottle for my 5 week old son because we have to supplement him with formula . He 's only been using it for about a week and now he does n't want anything to do with nursing , he screams and pulls away until I give him the bottle . I 'm pretty sure it 's because the nipple on the bottle is faster than I am and he is impatient . Also although it is a good design idea , the outer nipple is soft so it constantly collapses and I have to pull it out of his mouth until it pops back up , which makes him scream again . Now I have to find something that will help with getting the nursing back on track .
 I drive a '03 Sunfire and this car seat fits HORRIBLE in it ! It 's nothing but a 100 % pain and so I am returning it . I have n't had it for over 24 hours and I already want to throw it out window . It 's hard to tighten the straps because the car seat in rear facing is jammed into the seat . Even the firemen that put it in for me told me to take it back because it was not going to make me happy . Sure enough they were right .
 We purchased theBritax Boulevardcar seat a few months ago and love it . I happened to notice that Amazon had a sale on most of their Britax stock , and thought I 'd seize the opportunity to get one for my car , instead of switching back and forth with my wife 's car.After spending what seemed like forever researching the differences between the Decathlon , Marathon , Boulevard , and Roundabout , it looked like the Decathlon struck a good balance between price and benefit . Sure , it did n't have the much-touted `` True Side Impact Protection '' , but it looked reasonably close , and I liked the idea of the quick-release straps.I placed my order , and the Decathlon arrived quickly and unscathed . For those interested , it arrived July 21st and had a manufacture date of June 29 . Having found the Boulevard to be ridiculously easy to install , I was expecting the same experience with the Decathlon . Sadly , this was not so . The Decathlon has the same chintzy `` strap under the seat '' design for the LATCH connectors that you 'd see on any car seat from WalMart . -LRB- To explain why this is an issue
 I purchased a Britax Decathlon about 18 months ago for my second child.From the very start , the harness adjustment strap was difficult to adjust . It would bind up and no amount of pulling would budge it . After about six months of this , I just stopped using the seat . I went back to my first child 's Britax Marathon , which I found much easier to install correctly due to the double LATCH straps -- one per side -LRB- the Decathlon has one , running behind the seat -RRB- . Additionaly the adjustment of the shoulder harness was smooth and easy.After about six months of sitting in my garage taking up space and collecting dust , I tried pawning this thing off on my SIL for her son , who was moving out of an infant seat . She accepted my donation , placed it back in its original box and then put it in HER garage , then went out a bought a Britax Roundabout.Finally , almost mercifully , I received a recall notice asking me to install three small pins to prevent the adjuster from coming apart and possibly failing -- an ungood thing and a definite safety hazard.As I had no intention of attempting `` home repair '' on this seat , I called the nice folks at Britax and asked them if THEY could repair this seat so perhaps someone could get some use out of it . I described my situation and the seats lack of use due to it being impossible to adjust , and they agreed to replace the seat with a new one free of charge.So my lovely little daughter is riding around in a brand new Britax -LRB- NOT a Decathlon , thank you very much -RRB- . My older son is in his booster and now we have a Britax Mararhon sitting sround the garage taking up space and collecting dust.I 'd sell to someone cheap , you know , in case they need a seat in a hurry because they bought a Decathlon with a funky adjuster , but I 'm afraid the Car Seat Gestapo -- and you know who you are -- would come and have me arrested or something .
 First off , I used to hate it when people rated Amazon on a product page , but please be careful when ordering this particular product . I ordered the seat on November 4th , it never shipped , and I eventually had to cancel when my son grew too big for his infant seat and needed a convertable seat NOW ! That was today , December 16th . I 've looked at this seat before , and it is comparable to my daughter 's marathon , but do n't buy it here . I was given four new shipping dates , and my order went immediately into the `` shipping soon , can not cancel '' status , yet it never shipped . All of this while it never entered a `` backordered status '' on the product page . And what could customer service do ? Nothing ! I understand if the product is on the dock , going onto the truck within hours , but they should be able to cancel an order if it is n't shipping that day -LRB- or that week -RRB- . I 've been a shopper with Amazon for a while , purchasing a stroller , movies , books , camping supplies , and other stuff . But , due to their customer service 's inability to provide any service what so ever , they 've lost me . Amazon , if you 've gotten too big for your customer service folks to be able to service customers , maybe you should focus some capital on improving you company 's internal networking before you focus on further growth at the expense of service . You have n't just lost me , you 've lost everyone I talk to about this !
 Most of the carseat do NOT have manufactured date on carseat information page . Carseats can be too old to purchase .
 I ordered this item almost two months ago and have not received it . I owned a Britax already so no problem with the product itself . It is the service by Amazon that is less than unsatisfactory . While their website may say that their product -LRB- s -RRB- is in stock , it is actually not . I got an email almost everyday telling me the product is on backorder and will be delayed . When I contacted Customer Service , I get nowhere because there is nothing they can do . Even their computer system says the item is in stock . On several occassions , I was promised a follow-up by phone or email but no one has contacted me to let me know what 's going on . All I get is an email telling me that I need to approve a new shipping date . I am very disappointed that such a prominent online business treat their customer like this . Unless you plan on taking the chance to wait for your product , I suggest shopping somewhere else even if you have to spend a little more .
 How many problems do I need to have ? Sure I wanted the Britax it looks good and it is THE car seat to have.The tether is sooo hard to adjust and has been they dont care and then all the sudden i get a recall notice in the mail ... for the exact problem.Then the top clips just wont clip anymore ????????? After 40 MINUTES waiting they tell me that makes no difference in the safety and some people actually take it off ? Was she serious . I told her `` Ma'am I highly doubt there are many parents out there TAKING off clips from their car seat . '' Whatever the clip is being sent UPS ground it will be here in 7-10 days ... until then she assured me it was safe . THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE ever . I purchased a double jogger 2 years ago and it has had a few problems ... brand new one fedexed out to me but a problem with a car seat ? I wo n't be buying anymore Britax items and I suggest nobody else does either .
 Pros
 I hate this car seat and so did my son but the worst part is that the lower latch system on my car seat was defective and Britax refused to inform the public.In Oct 2010 a representative from the PA Traffic Injury Prevention Project -LRB- TIPP -RRB- at the PA Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics inspected my son 's car seat and found a defect that had never been reported . She found that `` The lower anchor attachment is backwards on one side and can not be used correctly to install child seat using lower anchors . '' The lower latch system of his Britax Decathlon car seat was defective and would not have performed in an accident . The lower anchor attacments were not sewn on properly and the belt had to be twisted in order to get the anchors onto the latch system . I would never have known it was defective if I did n't go to that car seat check and I think may be difficult for other 's to recognize such a problem.I informed Britax of the problem and they replaced the latch system but refused to issue a recall or even warn other consumers because they said I was the only one to complain about it . I was very disappointed and angered by their response and wanted to try to spread the word because I know there have to be other Britax car seats with the same defect given that is a problem that happened in manufacturing . I have sent multiple letters and phone calls to Britax . They asked for three sets of photos but in the end did not warn consumers . I did register a complaint with the NHTSA but they say this process can take years.Here is a quote from Britax about their responsibily regarding the car seat . `` To remedy any twist in your ` 07 seat we sent you a new LATCH system to replace the one you are having issues with . Being that your seat is out of warranty we were sending the kit as a good will gesture to you . '' `` We have not had any other complaints of this manner regarding this product . Being that the product has been in the market for four years then I would assume we would have had other complaints if it affected others . `` My contact at Britax was : Rita IsenhowerCunsumer Service ManagerBritax704 .409.318013501 South Ridge DriveCharlotte NC 28273US-customerservice@britax.comThe identifiers on the car seat are : Date of Mfg
 Our almost-three-year old has been in the Roundabout since he came home from the hospital , but we recently bought him a Britax Decathlon since we are expecting another baby in two months . We have always LOVED our Roundabout ! It has been the perfect car seat ! But , we have had trouble with the Decathlon since it arrived . After removing the infant padding , we were left with the Marathon . The picture showed an extra head pillow/padding that does not exist in our car seat . And , the straps were almost impossible to work when we first put the seat in our car . No amount of pulling would tighten them . After a frantic call to the helpline , we removed a plastic guard from the back of the seat , which helped slightly , but I still have to climb into the backseat -LRB- 7 months pregnant -RRB- and put my knee on the car seat , in order to get enough leverage to tighten the straps . We wanted a seat that would last another couple years , but this one has been trouble from the start . I give 5 + stars to the Roundabout , and when the straps are tightened in the Decathlon , I know it 's the safest ride for my son , but it 's definitely too much trouble for the money . Get another seat !
 I had this seat for about 2.5 years . At first , I loved it . Then the straps started getting harder and harder to adjust . It would take both my husband and I pulling on it to get them to budge and even then we could not get them tight enough to really be considered safe . I called Britax -LRB- they have the best customer service -RRB- , I explained my situation and they agreed to replace my seat free of charge with either a Marathon or Boulvard . I chose the Boulevard and I am so happy that I did . It is a fantastic seat and I would highly recommend that anyone looking at this seat consider the Boulevard instead . It is only slightly more expensive but it is much nicer . I also have the Regent which is another fantastic seat and I would highly recommend that seat to anyone with room in their car -LRB- because it is huge -RRB- and with a child over the age of 1 - it is forward facing only . Britax is the best but unfortunately there is a design flaw in this seat in the way that the buckle is made .
 No doubt this is a great seat , but it is n't made for infants , no matter what the description says . Even in its most inclined position , it is n't comfortable , legs are at a 90 degrees angle which is horrible for a newborn , and the baby 's head is never well supported.Better buy a Maxi Cosi or an other infant seat !
 ** WARNING ** SERIOUS DESIGN FLAW ON THIS PRODUCT ** Unfortunately , we missed looking at these reviews before purchasing TWO of these seats -LRB- twins -RRB- . We have had the same exact problems as many of the other reviewers
 We got two Britax car seats for both our cars . One car seat went in quickly , about 30 minutes . The second seat was a mess . The hold down straps were reversed . It took a little while to figure this out , but the left side strap was on the right side and the right strap was on the left side . The only way we were able to figure this out was because we had another seat to compare to . In my opinion , this is a major flaw in quality control and would have been an easy catch on the assembly line , IF SOMEONE WAS PAYING ATTENTION . I do n't know how many other straps are out there that are reversed , but if we did n't swap them , I would have had to twist the straps to make it latch . This would make it difficult or impossible to tighten snug . We bought our seats because they were highly rated in Consumer Reports , but based off of our personal experience , half of the seats out there could be defective .
 Just bought this . Every time you weigh the baby , you get different numbers . The variation is large enough that it makes it useless to track the weight of your baby . The baby was of course moving but no more than one would expect for a baby who is lying on a scale . My doctor 's weighing scale is much better . This is a complete waste of money if your are using it for a baby . I also tried to weigh an object and found an 80 gram variation based on where I put the object on the scale . Unacceptable.Too bad because Graco generally makes good products .
 The scale we received was defective . Our heart sank when we put our baby on it -- supposedly he had lost 3 of 11 pounds ! Then I compared weighing a gallon of water and it was not only several pounds off , but it had a different reading every time I put the water on it -LRB- in the exact same place -RRB- . The batteries shipped with the scale were dented so I also tried it with brand new batteries . Though a minor inconvenience , the display shows pounds with a decimal fraction or -LRB- optionally -RRB- total ounces , but not the typical measurement of pounds and ounces together . I 'm not sure how this product is related to `` Graco '' because I could n't find anything indicating it was made or sold by Graco.Too bad -- it looked like a good deal at the time .
 This item is attractive looking but the one I received did n't work . It quickly weighed 4 pints of water as 4.6 pounds . Not accurate , but close enough for checking on gain/loss which is what we are concerned about . But the baby was another matter . The scale took much more time to reach `` hold '' and give a weight . It gave wildly different weights as we tested it over two days . The last weight we got at the medical office was 11 pounds 8 ounces . The sale gave the following weights
 I purchased this scale to weigh my baby . I found it to be inaccurate - 4-6 oz variations from the scale at the doctor ' office . It also gives a wide range of readings with repeat weighs . The variations of repeat weighs are from 1 oz to 8 oz depending on how the baby is positioned or if the baby is moving . It also takes too long to tare/zero . Overall , not the best pick for a baby scale . I completly agree with the last review .
 I just returned this scale to Target . Unfortunately the Target website did n't list a photo or brand name for the item at the time I ordered it . If it helps , the one I received was the BebeSounds Digital Baby Scale model BR149.There were a couple things I liked about this Bebesounds scale . Mostly that it 's relatively small and flat . However there were several things I did n't like . For starters , I took 3 weights in a row , and they were all different , not by a lot - but I was n't impressed . In addition , in order to repeat -LRB- or ` double check -RRB- a weight I had to completely start over from the beginning -LRB- i.e. take off scale , turn off , turn back on , put back on scale , and reweigh -RRB- . Plus , it seemed like it took FOREVER to `` lock in '' a weight . I initially purchased this to weigh my cat -LRB- who 's ill -RRB- so she got very impatient waiting each time . In addition , it would be easier to not have to lift her on and off the scale multiple times to recheck a weight.If interested , after returning this scale I purchased a second scale from Amazon . The next scale I purchased was the Ultrascale MBSC-55 by My Weigh . I just received it today . I took 3 weights in a row , two were exactly the same and the third was only different by 0.01 lbs . Much better ! In addition I was able to take all 3 weights without having to lift my cat off the scale in between each weight -LRB- much easier for both of us ! -RRB- . For $ 30-40 bucks more , I 'd recommend this one over the BebeSounds version.I hope this helps !
 this product is an absolute rip off . it gives completely different readings even for a stationary object , much less a wiggling baby ! we bought this to keep up with our baby 's growth and compare her weight to the pediatricians recommendations . Needless to say , the scale was of no help , and only made us overly worried about the wildly varying readings . . we would never recommend this product to any of our friends or family . i hope this product is discontinued , as it is only a wasteful addition of plastic to the environment .
 This swing could barely move with just the car seat in it and would n't move at all with the baby in the car seat . Forget about it if you have other kids running around the house as well , it 's the perfect height for little hands to poke the baby !
 I borrowed a REAL graco swing set from a friend for the first few weeks after my son was born , and he absolutely loved it.So , I went on line to find one to buy for him , and found this frame that would match with the graco car seat that I had already bought him . perfect , i thought . BIG MISTAKE.Turns out , he hates his carseat , and definitely does not want to stay in it any more than is necessary . Also , the motor is SO loud , and annoying , it would scare him every time i turned it on . In addition , it is so SHORT . I didnt realize that I would be bending to the floor every time I wet to put him down or pick him up . It is seriously lower than my knees ! ridiculous.ALso , the buttons to adjust the speed and music are hidden below the lip of the carseat , when hooked in , so you have to like , lie down on the floor to see them . why !? It sadly just sits in the corner now , unused . probably my biggest baby buying regret so far . my advice , just buy the real graco swing that comes with the seat included . baby and mom will be happier .
 I was so hopeful about this product . I live in a small condo , and space is limited , so having things that serve multiple functions -LRB- e.g. , car seat -- > swing -RRB- is essential . I read the other reviews about the swing speed and motor strength , but since my little one is only 8 lbs , I thought I 'd get at least a few months out of this thing . When we put it together and tested it out , we found that the music function did n't work . If that was the only problem , we probably would have dealt with it . I put my baby in the swing and set it to a lower speed , and I had to push-start it to get it going . After a couple of swings , it stopped moving . I had to set it to a pretty high speed to keep it swinging , and it was way too fast for a newborn . If I 'm having these kinds of problems with it now , I ca n't imagine how bad it would be after she gains a few more pounds . So I 'm returning it . Such a bummer . Hopefully Graco will read these reviews and make the motor strong enough to move the weight of the car seat with a baby in there . I do not recommend this to anyone .
 Its so loud that it wakes my baby up when we use it . Wish i didnt purchase , waste of my money : -LRB-
 This is our first baby and I researched everything we even considered buying . I tend to take negative reviews with a grain of salt and was excited about this product . We just received this swing frame as a gift and I put it together right away and tried it out . We have a Graco Snugride carseat and my 7 week old baby is 11 lbs . This product folds up well for travel , which is one of the main reasons we registered for it . The vibration -LRB- 2 settings -RRB- and music/nature sounds work well . You can adjust the speed which is nice . The problem with it is the motor simply can not keep up . You can hear and see the problem . The motor works hard to keep up and the swing would go faster at times then slow way down - which startled my sleeping baby . It actually kept a more consistent pace before I put the batteries in and just pushed the seat with my son in it . If Graco put a more appropriate sized motor in it , I would definitely recommend this product . Until then , mine is getting returned .
 I was so excited about getting this ... we also have the Graco Stroller frame and Graco Sweatpeace Swing and love all the integration . But , this just does n't work . It would not swing on low at all ... as another reviewer said , it either does n't swing at all or goes WAY too fast . Maybe when my daughter gains weight I will try it again and maybe her weight will make the fast speed slow down . But , I 'm not happy with it . ALSO , IMPORTANT TO NOTE ... you ca n't adjust the straps while the seat is clicked into the swing ... it is a safety thing ... any time it is `` clicked in '' like in the carseat base , the straps are locked . So , if you use this to hold the carseat like we were planning too ... as you come in the door and want to swing your baby ... just know that you ca n't loosen or tighten the straps while it is clicked in . Just thought people might want to know . I would not buy this swing . Invest in the SWEATPEACE ... WOW !!! You can click your carseat in that as well !
 The idea is good , put your sleeping baby from the car to the house without the baby waking . My daughter is rarely sleeping when we come home so there goes that good idea and when she is , unfortunately she still wakes and wants out . So , I rarely use it and even though I rarely use it , the motor all of a sudden started making a loud disturbing noise that wakes my baby anyways . Its not worth the money spent , in my opinion . Save your money and buy something else .
 My two issues with the swing are
 It is easy to set up , but it would be a more useful product if it could take additional car seats . It is kind of expensive for what you get . The baby does n't really seem to enjoy staying in the car seat .
 for the price you pay , its ok . but if you live in america where you can buy many BETTER stuff and not crazy more expensive than this , i suggest you to buy something more smoothly working than this noisy machine ! the finishing also very cheap ...
 I bought the SnugGlider as a baby shower gift and it arrived very promptly from Right Start . I was then contacted by the recipient of the gift and told that the motor did not work . I contacted Right Start who confirmed that they would exchange the item and sent me a UPS label for return of the item . When the family went to return the item for exchange , they discovered from Right Start that 2 days after my enquiry they went into Chapter 11 bankruptcy . The customer service representative was very polite and apologetic , but confirmed that there was no way to exchange the item and no possibility of a refund . Please do n't buy from Right Start if it appears by chance as a vendor on Amazon .
 I registered for this swing because I wanted a swing that would fold up and not take up too much space while not in use . Although the swing has met expectations in terms of being space saving , it does not work as well as I had hoped . I may have received a dud , but I find that I often have to push the swing to get it going . It either does not start swinging properly or slows randomly during use . It is a bit loud as others have commented , but it does n't seem to bother my son , so I 'm fine with the noise . If this product worked a bit better it would be a fantastic swing . Good idea , just needs improvement .
 We were very excited about a swing that would allow us to move the kiddo straight from the car or stroller -LRB- Graco Snugrider Stroller Frame -RRB- without taking him out of his Snugride 35 . However , we were sorely mistaken when we thought this swing would function as a , well , swing . The motor is n't even REMOTELY powerful enough to keep the Snugride 35 moving . Brand new batteries wo n't get it moving . Even if you `` kick start '' the swing by giving it a push , it will NEVER continue to swing unless you put it on the highest setting -LRB- there is a `` turtle '' to `` rabbit '' scroll wheel that is pretty worthless -RRB- . Once below `` absolute bunny '' the swing slows to a stop in a matter of seconds . Not only that , but the fast setting is pretty jerky ... way too fast back-and-forth in my opinion . The vibration setting works fine , and the nature sounds are OK . Music is , as always , awful . When will they let us load up our own MP3 's into these things ?! Overall I 'm disappointed and would not recommend this to anyone ... even my baby enemies .
 I really really wanted to like this . I loved the idea of using the car seat and having a place to store it and the added features were great . I really expected to love this.The problems were the same listed by others here . The rocker was the perfect speed and height , but had an EXTREMELY loud clicking noise and woke the baby every time I tried to use it . It also looked like it was barely rocking after I put my 1 month old 11lb LO in and it 'd stop shortly after my DS gained more weight.The vibration setting was great though it wears the batteries down after only a short amount of time each time I try to use it.Basically , I use this to store the car seat in when I get home and just reach over and hand rock it every now and then when my DS stirs in his sleep .
 While this is a nice idea for swings , it ultimately did n't work out all that well for us . It is very portable and takes up very little space , but it is so low to the ground that it can be a bit tricky getting baby in and out of the contraption . It 's low height also makes it difficult to see whether or not you have the latches lined up and can irritate a bad back . A frame with adjustable heights would have made more sense . Also the audible click when you set the carseat in the frame is loud enough to wake up a sleeping baby . Kind of defeats the purpose , does n't it ? Also the speed settings are on a dial that seems to only have two speeds
 Makes such noise while working ... our baby almost ca n't sleep -LRB- which was the idea from the beginning ... to help the baby sleep , is n't it ? -RRB- . Why Graco are n't testing their products before selling them ? After I bought it , I 've checked the reviews here and find out it 's a common problem ...
 If you are like me , real estate inside the home is condensed . The idea of this productsounded great to me so that I combined two necessary items for the baby . Wrong ! I returned this the first time because it made a loud clicking noise everytime it rocked.After I got the replacement , I learned that was how it sounds . No good for us .
 I was so excited when I initially saw this product on Amazon . We are tight on space , and I loved the fact that the swing would accommodate our infant 's Graco car seat , and included songs , vibration and portability . However , once our 14 pound baby and car seat were snapped into the frame , the swing came to a stand still . It would swing on it 's own , sans baby and seat , but once the baby was added , it seemed that it was just too much for the motor to handle . I think it would swing a newborn , but we did n't get it until she was a bit older , as our last swing 's motor died . I was so excited to try this . . but a swing that wo n't swing is not much use to me . It 's getting repackaged up and will be returned to sender .
 When I first saw this product I thought it was a great idea . However , after trying to use it a few times I realized that it needs a better motor and design . The swing makes a very loud clicking sound when it 's on and it 's very distracting . Also , I found that it would n't swing at all on the lower settings and the faster settings swing WAY too fast . I was very disappointed in this swing and you should think twice before ordering it .
 I was excited to find this thinking I would save space and I could travel with it . Works great , but my daughter HATES it and screams within a minute of being in it . I 'm hoping she 'll come around when she 's a little older but for now I 'm putting it away and ordering a cradle swing . Also it seems a little pricey .
 The Graco SnugGlider is very cheap and sometimes works and sometimes does not . The on off switch came defective and ca n't get the dang thing to turn off without taking the batteries out each time . Great idea but lacks quality ! I would not recommend this item .
 A baby bouncer is a wonderful thing for putting a baby to sleep . The daycare where my baby goes uses them and has as many as six babies sleeping peacefully in minutes several times a day . For this to work , however , the bouncer needs to recline and to actually bounce . This one does n't do either . I also found it fairly useless for holding my young baby because she slumped over -- which bothered me if not her . It was useful for a month or so for feeding her before she could sit up and for entertaining her while I took a shower when she could almost sit up . -LRB- You are supposed to stop using it once they can sit up on their own . -RRB- It does n't need to fold to do those things . I recommend buying one that reclines or better yet , adjusts . If you travel frequently to the same location , buy two rather than carrying this around .
 This product should be recalled . It 's sold based on the premise of reducing SIDS by using it as a blanket.My husband and I were horrified to check on our child in the middle of the night -LRB- our movement monitor even beeped to say he had stopped breathing -RRB- and see all this material bunched up around his face !!! I was angry , and felt guilty for trusting the claims of this product . -LRB- I just saw that another reviewer said the same thing on the cream-colored version of this same product -RRB- . I loved the idea of this combo sleepsack/swaddle . However , it is easy for a child to work his/her fingers out at the bottom of the swaddle arms - at least it is for our child . If your child can break out of other swaddles -LRB- which most of my friends kids can -RRB- then DO NOT USE THE SWADDLE PART OF THIS BLANKET!How does is get messed up ? I put our child in the sleepsack/swaddle a second time so I could watch -LRB- supervised -RRB- how the material ended up bunched up . Even with a tight swaddle , and the swaddle arms velcro 'd as low as they will go on the back of the sleepsack ... if the child bends their legs up at all , their fingers can start to feel the bottom of the swaddle arms . Then , the baby can work their fingers and arms out from the bottom . The result is that the swaddle part bunches up around their neck and face -LRB- even with the little tab in the back secured -RRB- . RECOMMENDATIONS : Halo should add velcro and/or snaps on the front of the swaddle arms to attach it to the sleepsack to keep it in place.Use the `` Swaddle Me '' blankets instead for a safer swaddle option . There is less material , and the baby 's legs actually pull down on the swaddle , so it keeps any loose material away from baby 's face if the baby manages to break out . -LRB- With this HALO sleepsack/swaddle , the baby 's legs do n't help pull down on the swaddle arms -RRB- .
 We have tied this swaddle , the `` swaddleme '' and the Amazing Miracle Blanket.We have twins -LRB- boy and girl -RRB- and not only did this swaddle not keep them secure , but we awoke to find the swaddle part wrapped around their necks - not good.Do yourself a favour and get the miracle blanket , it is the best of the 3 .
 This was by far the worst decal I have purchased , and I have purchased MANY MANY decals . It was really hard to get the legs to match up . It was very thin , as are the smaller ones , but since it was so large the thinness was a issue . I ended up taking it off the wall immediately after putting it up . Do yourself a favor any buy the roommates comicbook covers . They look much cooler and go on easier .
 I have put Thor , Capt. America , Ironman and other decors at my kid 's walls , with the movie he wanted spiderman , so I got it , same brand , roommates , it lasted one week , and then started to peel away and fall from the wall . The others are great after 4 months now , this one for some reason is a piece of crap , the vinyl is a bit thicker , so it might be it , but it does not holds to the same wall where the others are.I also have cinderella , snow white , aurora and bella at my girl 's room , no problem , when I bought this one I also bought her Merida , no problems , it is just spidey !
 It is very pretty but the quilt and does n't even take a gentle washing . The patchwork tears apart . Went through three quilts because I did not want to redo the room .
 The picture they had online when I shopped for it was wrong . I am glad that Amazon has changed it . I at least got my money back .
 This product is a poor substitute for the Skip and Hop brand . We lost our two year old 's skip and hop and went for the cheaper product , figuring it would be in use for a short time . Sorry I decided to go cheap . The fabric does n't wipe clean -LRB- nasty -RRB- , it is smaller , and less well put together . Go for the skip and hop for ten dollars more .
 We initially really liked the changing pad , but after about a week 's worth of regular use -LRB- 5-8 times a day -RRB- the outside ripped where the velcro is sewn in . We also found that the plastic that the baby is changed on stains very easily . It 's a good size , but poor quality , someone did n't think the design through
 Bought this laminated baby bag from seller . Bought product as new . The bag included a changing pad prepackaged and placed within baby bag . When we opened the changing pad there were blood and fecal stains ! Yuck . This is a biohazard . Went to return bag for a replacement and seller/amazon will not allow replacement . That is okay , will return and get refund ... not sure what else we would find if we got another bag from this seller .
 I only gave 2 stars because the price on this item is HIGH.I love the diapers -- good fit on my trim active boy -LRB- 27 lbs -RRB- who spends most of his time running , jumping and climbing . I buy the Supremes when I find them on sale , otherwise I use the regular Huggies . I find the Huggies Supreme on sale frequently at Target , for $ 0.23 per diaper or LESS -LRB- I do not remember case price , I have the unit price memorized so that I know when I find a good deal -RRB- .
 Like others , i REALLY wanted to like these . we have been Pampers Cruisers fans for a long time , and then the Dry Max problems came along , so we wanted to try something new , and we bought these.At first i thought they were okay . i was miffed after one of my diapers -LRB- not a soaking wet full diaper , just a regular-one-pee diaper -RRB- started to leak THROUGH the membrane -LRB- not from the sides , but through the front of the diaper -RRB- . As annoying as that was , i thought it was isolated.NOT . Now we leak everywhere . My daughter can go from a totally dry diaper to suddenly leaking from everywhere in just one single , tiny pee . Yesterday she went from being dry to having wet pants and a wet stroller in just one go.I 'm taking the unopened boxes back to Target . We 're done .
 We 've been using huggies for the past year and really liked them , until the last 2 shipments . For some reason the diapers leak on the sides , as if the elastic was loose , but the diapers are on securely . We have n't changed the way we put on the diapers , and I noticed that the diapers we have now seem thinner and also the elastic is not as tight as ones from previous boxes we got . Will definitely be trying another brand after we finish this box .
 We have tried all of the major diaper brands and keep coming back to Pampers . I found that the Huggies brands do n't fit as well , do n't hold as much and leak more than Pampers . My son is very tall for his age and Huggies do n't have as much stretch or as the side tabs that let me really get the diaper wrapped as well around his waist as Pampers do . They make them sound good , but we did try them again recently -LRB- I had a coupon and we were broke ! -RRB- and I was disappointed . The front has one large panel which makes it difficult to wrap around my son 's waist well . And they definitely do n't hold as much as Pampers do , which is a problem at night . During the day I can change him frequently , but that means we 're using more diapers so it costs more in the long run .
 I was so bummed about this product . I loved how cute the diapers were , and they are softer than a lot of the other brands . I have a one year old little girl , and these diapers leaked ALL THE TIME !!! She is n't even really walking yet . I wo n't get them again .
 I 've never been a huggies fan , but I like the looks of these diapers and was hoping they 'd be a little less perfumed than the pampers diapers we 've been using . They LEAK soo bad , even during frequent daytime changes ! They have n't made it but maybe 3-4 hours tops at night before they leak soo badly that it wakes up my son . When I feel the `` full '' diaper it seems that it is only a half step up from the absorbancy of swim diapers . I would have taken these back after the first issues , but I bought them on my way for a camping trip , so i was stuck using them the whole weekend . Now I have a whole box of diapers that I 'm stuck with . Do n't buy these diapers . I plan on calling huggies today and expressing my unhappiness with their product.It 's kind of ironic that the box shows a little lock that says `` leak lock '' ... it has a star above it , maybe the foot note will let me know they were just kidding.Stick with pampers ... maybe I 'll call them to and ask them to tone down the perfumes , that 's my only gripe about their diapers , but maybe I 'll get use to that . Waaay easier to put up with than a soaking wet child in the night , who then ca n't fall back asleep after being rediapered and clothed at 1 in the morning .
 I want to like these but I ca n't get rid of them fast enough . I 've been using Pampers for 2 years - and I can count the number of leak-through 's on one hand . But , at 21 mths & 27 pounds , the Pampers size 4 is too small and size 5 is too big . The Huggies size 4 fits perfect !!! Like a glove . . however , we have had a leak-through at least once every 3rd day and EVERY NIGHT !! Bad . . might as well not even had a diaper on . Also , we have n't had any diaper rashes since 4mths . . she 's had one since we started using these Huggies two weeks ago . Want to like them for the fit . . but the leaking is making me lose sleep at night all over again .
 I tried these a two years ago with my daughter and hated them because they stained our onsies . I thought I would try them again -LRB- hoping they had improved -RRB- with our baby boy and am very disappointed again . I 'm kind of a clean freak and the brownish orange stains on the onsies are really dingy looking . We ran out of onsies a few weeks ago and put him to bed with just the sleeper over his diaper and it is RUINED ! I have soaked it for days in Oxi Clean washed it eight times and is still not coming out.As far as leaks go they do n't work overnight .
 I have a 15 and 13 yr old and when they were babiess , Huggies Supreme was my go to diaper . With my now 10 month old , I went straight to Huggies little snugglers . My love of Huggies was renewed until we hit size 4 and moved to the little movers . I can have him in my lap with a fresh clean diaper and have a wet lap ! These diapers leak at the legs . And do n't get me started with outings and constant issues of having to change his jeans shortly after leaving the house ! This is n't an issue with keeping a diaper on too long -LRB- I 'm a prompt changer -RRB- but a simple issue of a leaky diaper . Even though it does n't take rocket science to apply a diaper , I have tried different ways -LRB- lower on back , puller up higher in front , snugger around waist -RRB- still he leaks . Numerous times he has woken from an hour nap to a wet bed . I just purchaged a HUGE box and am only into the second bag . Very frustrated and at this point , when this box is done , I will have no choice but to change brands .
 I purchsed size 6 for my son 2 days ago . -LRB- He 's almost 2 yrs old -RRB- It 's either I do n't know how to put on a diaper -LRB- even though I have 3 children -RRB- because it leaks everytime and the diaper is not very wet . My son sleeps on his belly and yesterday morning and this morning I got up to see his pants and shirt wet because it leaked in his sleep and again the diaper was n't all that full.This was my first and last time buying this product.What I liked was that the tabs have elasticity to them .
 I cancelled my subscription for these diapers . I will defiantly be calling Kimberly Clark for a refund . These diapers have done nothing but leaked all over for us . I will not be buying Huggies again . Hugflex = leaks . I am sticking with Pampers for good .
 it is very poor in quality , hard and lump in the diaper . so i have to return the rest of them back to amazon . but still now i have not get my credit back .
 I bought 4 these trying to save money rather than buy from Pbarn and not worth it , they are cheaply made , falling apart and extremely sharp wicker ends popping out all over . I would not let a crawling baby let alone a child get anywhere near these , ca n't believe they are advertised for a nursery . Also they are n't really white and not the regular gingham you normally see-nothing like the picture . I also saw them at wmart and jcpenn so I 'll try there or spring for the pb ones which I 'm sure will last for years .
 Aside from the previously mentioned BPA problem and the problems with the spout not aligning properly , I do n't know how a company that designs so many baby products can not create one that is more practical for a toddler . My son drops his cup quite frequently and the valve pops out almost every time , leaving me to fish it out of whatever he 's drinking . Moreover , if I do n't notice the valve has fallen out , then I 've got a trail of juice following my son to clean up .
 My 10-month old son ca n't get a drink from this cup . Granted that maybe he needs to learn to suck on the spout instead of bite down on it , he does well with a bottle otherwise . Also , the spout does not end up centered between the handles when tightened .
 Tough to align the spout with handles . On ours , the spout was right on top of the handle . Impossible to drink from . Save your money and buy Avent or Playtex , which both have simpler designs where you CA N'T misalign the spout .
 The clear Gerber sippy cups -LRB- such as this one -RRB- contain BPA -LRB- the opaque `` Sip and Smile '' sippies are BPA free -RRB- . BPA free brands include Born Free , Thermos and The First Years . -LRB- For those that missed the news reports - BPA is a chemical found in some plastics that a recent National Institutes of Health report indicated may be harmful , especially to infants . -RRB-
 Like other reviewers said , the spout is over one handle when completely tightened , not in between handles like it should be . Gerber is a known manufacturer of baby products and I was disappointed to discover the flaw in the design of this cup .
 When the lid is tightened , the spout is over one handle , not in between the handles . There is no way to adjust it so the child can actually hold the cup with two hands and drink . A waste of money .
 When this cup is dropped or banged on the floor the valve piece falls into the cup , allowing the cup 's contents to free-flow out . Very messy ! The valve is just slightly too small and it does n't take much to jar it out
 While the product itslef is nice - and this may or may not be the fault of Miller Hme - the lamp shade came to me completely crushed and when I contacted fed ex - they said its not their responsibility . I also find that Miller home does not respond to customers emails .
 The lamp shade is nice and goes great with the rest of the set . Came perfectly packaged!Never have been able to find a base that it fits on ... So while it looks nice if you do n't have a lamp to go with it what is the point !?
 I never recieved this one either . I 'm very upset . wasted money . not buying from amazon again . delivered to door with no signing required , must have been stolen . No one would help me said it was my fault and I 'd have to pay again to recieve my items . NO THANK YOU !
 I am extremely disappointed with the Vintage French Pink Toile lamp Shade . The pattern is upside down and the quality is poor . I would not put it in my grand daughter 's bedroom . I wish to return it and have my money refunded . Please advise if you can assist me . I have never been disappointed with the quality of Amazon products until now . Hopefully , you can assist me in returning this product and restore my confidence in the products Amazon sponsors.Unhappy , Marguerite Verone
 The way this company explains their shipping cost is not clear and I ended up paying more than half the cost of the lamp shade in shipping . When I received the lamp shade , I was terribly dissapointed in the quality . So I sent it back . Do n't waist your time .
 BEWARE !!! Just as the rest of the set that I ordered , the print on this lamp shade was n't the pretty shade of pink that it is shown to be . The ribbons around the top and bottom are , but not the print . It 's more of a bright acid-orange . Please use caution when buying this product !!! If you contact the seller about the return , all you will get is an automated response with a return form - over and over again.I had to file an Amazon A-Z Guarantee to get my money back.BEWARE !
 Wile I do love this lamp shade It it very hard to find a lamp that it fits . None of the lamps sold at home depot , lowes , target or walmart fit this shade properly . We got a lamp and screwed some plumbing hardware to it to hola the shade on . Beware when buying this . It is hard to find a lamp bace
 This lampshade appeared to be hand made when I bought it - no big deal . It arrived in a timely matter and had been shipped carefully . The adhesive that was used to fashion the shade ; however , is n't heat resistant . It 's a lamp shade , so I expect it to be able to manage whatever heat is given off by a regular light bulb . The fabric at the top of the shade has slid off , and after about 15 uses , my lampshade is worthless.Do not buy this shade !
 These were alot bigger then I expected , make sure that you have a perfect spot for these , they look best clustered together like one on top and two on the bottom , they to were not the exact color I thought they would be , they were faded to .
 I am extremely disappointed with the Vintage French Pink Toile lamp Shade . The pattern is upside down and the quality is poor . I would not put it in my grand daughter 's bedroom . I wish to return it and have my money refunded . Please advise if you can assist me . I have never been disappointed with the quality of Amazon products until now . Hopefully , you can assist me in returning this product and restore my confidence in the products Amazon sponsors.Unhappy , Marguerite Verone
 While the product itslef is nice - and this may or may not be the fault of Miller Hme - the lamp shade came to me completely crushed and when I contacted fed ex - they said its not their responsibility . I also find that Miller home does not respond to customers emails .
 The lamp shade is nice and goes great with the rest of the set . Came perfectly packaged!Never have been able to find a base that it fits on ... So while it looks nice if you do n't have a lamp to go with it what is the point !?
 I never recieved this one either . I 'm very upset . wasted money . not buying from amazon again . delivered to door with no signing required , must have been stolen . No one would help me said it was my fault and I 'd have to pay again to recieve my items . NO THANK YOU !
 The way this company explains their shipping cost is not clear and I ended up paying more than half the cost of the lamp shade in shipping . When I received the lamp shade , I was terribly dissapointed in the quality . So I sent it back . Do n't waist your time .
 BEWARE !!! Just as the rest of the set that I ordered , the print on this lamp shade was n't the pretty shade of pink that it is shown to be . The ribbons around the top and bottom are , but not the print . It 's more of a bright acid-orange . Please use caution when buying this product !!! If you contact the seller about the return , all you will get is an automated response with a return form - over and over again.I had to file an Amazon A-Z Guarantee to get my money back.BEWARE !
 Wile I do love this lamp shade It it very hard to find a lamp that it fits . None of the lamps sold at home depot , lowes , target or walmart fit this shade properly . We got a lamp and screwed some plumbing hardware to it to hola the shade on . Beware when buying this . It is hard to find a lamp bace
 This lampshade appeared to be hand made when I bought it - no big deal . It arrived in a timely matter and had been shipped carefully . The adhesive that was used to fashion the shade ; however , is n't heat resistant . It 's a lamp shade , so I expect it to be able to manage whatever heat is given off by a regular light bulb . The fabric at the top of the shade has slid off , and after about 15 uses , my lampshade is worthless.Do not buy this shade !
 These were alot bigger then I expected , make sure that you have a perfect spot for these , they look best clustered together like one on top and two on the bottom , they to were not the exact color I thought they would be , they were faded to .
 I really needed a lightweight stroller that would be good for maneuvering a couple of international airports with my 2 year old . This stroller is not it . I will be pulling luggage behind me so I needed a stroller that can be steered with one hand . This stroller 's wheels seem to have a mind of their own and it takes 2 hands for me to steer it . It says that the stroller has an easy one hand opening which is a stretch . I have not been able to get it open with one hand yet . It is even trickier to close and takes 2 hands , as 2 levers , one on each side of the stroller , have to be held up at the same time to get it to fold up . The wheel base is incredibly narrow so I am constantly kicking the wheels with my feet . The handles are short and very narrow . I am slightly above average height at just over 5 ' 7 '' but not tall by any means , and I have to hunch over a bit to push this stroller . This is a strain on my back and shoulders . The top of the handles are so narrow that it 's just over 2 hand widths wide . A man 's hands would probably just fit . This feels awkward to push and just is n't what I was looking for.Here are a few pros to the stroller : It 's only 12lbs and comes with a carrying strapIt 's weight limit is 45lbs so you could probably use it for awhile.It 's compatible with a Combi Infant seat to make it a full travel system.It 's fairly sporty and attractive looking in my opinion but that 's personal choice I guess.Might be good for someone with a shorter height and stature . Not sure.As for me , I will be selling this stroller and making a trip out to test drive a few before purchasing another one . For my purposes , this stroller was a waste of money .
 The wipes are warmed only for about 2 seconds after pulling it out . As soon as you begin wiping , they 're just as cold as they would have been without the warmer . Also , the cord is inconvenient if you need to change the baby in another room because you ca n't just take the box of wipes with you -LRB- also inconvenient if you do n't have a plug located by your diaper changing station -RRB- . The plug is super bulky and gets extremely warm , which made me a little nervous . After a few weeks of using the product , the lid stopped closing all the way . So when I would pull a wipe out , the whole lid would bob up . Also , this resulted in the top several wipes getting dried out -LRB- and the middle wipes , when i pulled from there , were not even warm -RRB- . I wish I could have gotten a refund on this product , but when I took it back to target I found that they had discontinued selling the product and would n't re-stock it . Do n't waste your money !
 I ca n't believe more people are n't complaining about the lid ! When we first got it , we would have to close it several times before it would stay shut . After about one month of using it , it wo n't close at all.Even when we could close it , the wipes would get dried out , and we 'd end up throwing away half of what we put in there.Now we do n't use any wipe warmer , and guess what ? My son does n't seem to notice any difference . Save your money .
 Well I should have listened when I was warned that wipe warmers are a waste of money . The problem is n't that they do n't work , it 's that they do n't work for long enough - literally seconds after removing a warmed wipe from the warmer , it 's cold again . My 4 week old daughter has n't responded any differently to the warmed wipe than she does to one at room temperature . She hates her diaper changed and most of the time cries until it 's over . Maybe if the temperature was at a higher setting in the warmer , they would n't get cold so quickly ... but then again I would never want to risk burning a baby either . Bottom line
 The plug at the wall got very hot ... I googled it and found that this is a very common problem with this product . I emailed the manufacturer . They instructed me to mail the product back and they would replace the item under the warranty . I had to pay shipping and it took 2 weeks to receive the replacement . When the replacement product arrived I plugged it in ... within 24 hours the plug was super hot again . I emailed the manufacturer again and did not hear back -LRB- it has now been a week waiting for reply -RRB- . Save yourself the trouble and by a different brand . My baby did like the warm wipes and I had less trouble getting him to sleep with middle of the night changes for the few days I was able to use the warmer .
 I like the way it 's made , but disappointed that the wipes are about room temperature . A warmer needs to get the wipes almost hot in order to have a nicely warmed wipe by the time it reaches the baby 's bottom . I 'm sure the manufacturers can fix this issue ... If there are smart , they will read these reviews !
 Not much heat is generated in this . . the moment you take the wipe out ... ready to wipe the babys . . its gone ... not serving the purpose at all ... better than regular cold wipes though ... but not up to expectations .
 This thing sucked all the liquid out of the wipes within a couple days . The wipes are bone dry now . I am not impressed .
 It warms wipes OK if it 's full , but as your wipes get used it dries them out . The `` night-light '' is a joke , it 's super dim .
 This was given to us as a gift and I really wish we would 've returned it . The wipes usually dry out and I had trouble with the lid staying on properly . Maybe ours is just defective ? Either way I was n't too impressed .
 When this warmer worked it kept the wipes warm fine , but the power cord had two sections that had to be plugged together . The connection was constantly too loose , so every time we needed wipes we found that it had become unplugged . We ended up tossing this and buying a different warmer .
 I purchased this warmer because of the good reviews , but I think I may have been better off with the Prince Lionheart Model . This warmer constantly dries the wipes on top . I tried pouring a little water , but still dry . Pour more water , and they 're soaking wet . My sister has the Prince Lionheart warmer with the Ever-Fresh Pillow that goes on the bottom of the warmer and that combination works great . I may have to try the Pillow in my warmer to see if that helps . It 's too bad the Pillow cost 50 % of the cost of the wipe warmer . Why ca n't they just make one that works without having to buy addition parts to make it work ??
 Day one of owning the warmer and the lid completely broke off which makes the warmer completely useless . My friend came over and saw my warmer and said that said had the same one and the same exact thing happened with hers . I was n't rough with it at all either , it 's just really delicate and there 's no way to snap it back on . Once the lid breaks then the wipes dry out and ca n't get warm . I 'm using a hand me down DEX brand warmer now . It 's lasted through 3 kids and now I have it without any problems
 I really wanted these warmers to work , sadly they dried up my wipes and only warmed the top ones . I guess I got 2 lemons as the product has so many good reviews . Regardless , I ordered another competitor and much happy now .
 I should have expected this , but the wipes cool very quickly after removing from the warmer so we just unplugged it since it uses energy with no benefit .
 Munchkin Warm Glow Wipe Warmer did not meet my needs . The wipes are not warm enough and as I take them out the cool down in 2 seconds . Not a helpful product .
 When I purchased this product , I was so excited because I thought it would be great for my daughter . But after setting it up , and filling the dispenser with water , I came back in a couple of hours and the water was already empty . I figured it may have just been that I did something wrong . So I reread the directions and found I had n't made any mistakes . I tried a couple more times but came back and each time the water would aready have been used up and one time I left it over night and went to change my daughter in the morning and the wipes were completly brown and dry . I 'm not sure if my product was defective .
 The top wo n't stay shut . I hoped we had a defective one , returned it and purchased another . After the first week , it would stay shut again . I found a solution for the wipes that dry out -LRB- the more wipes in there , the moister they are -RRB- . I found that if you add more wipes to the bottom before it 's empty , you do n't have to throw away the last 5-10 wipes . So many flaws that I worked around , but I refuse to use a paper weight to keep the lid shut . Great concept , bad design . I wonder if the Prince Lionhart brand warmer is better .
 Ive had this warmer for almost 2 years and have hated it the whole time ! It was fine when my daughter was a small infant . The first time she kicked it tho at about 4 months , the top broke because its just held on by a TINY piece of plastic . So now i take it off every time i get wipes . Also , overnight , the top wipe will dry out . For something that you use 10 times a day-it is very frustrating to work with .
 I disliked this warmer because it dried out the wipes . The warmer also seemed to stay too hot . The machine I received may have been faulty , but either way I would not recommend this warmer .
 It 's kind of a useless purchase . The wipes tend to fall down often , so you have to open the whole top to get at them instead of them `` popping-up . '' The button on the pop-up lid broke so we had to keep it shut with a jar of diaper cream . And in the end , our baby did n't really mind a mildly cold wipe after all .
 My review is pretty straight forward . The wipes dry out and they are n't very warm either . I stopped using it after only 3 days .
 the problem with the product is that it takes to long for it to warm up the wipes , as all parents know it 's unpredictable when you will be needing them and this thing takes up to 10 to 15 min to warm up . i just ca n't wait that long to change my baby and i also ca n't have it plugged and running all day long ,
 Okay so if anybody is buying this for a non-baby DO NOT BUY THIS !!! The wipes are not warm at all , they are just barely less cold than the wipes out of the bag . HORRIBLE PRODUCT that I am returning !
 I ordered this because of the good reviews but ended up very disappointed . The wipe warmer only gets warm on the top lid so it only keeps the very first wipe warm that sticks through the hole . I left it plugged in for a few more hours thinking it just needed more time . Still no luck . I was hoping the whole inside would be warm for all wipes or at least enough to use with one diaper change . I have 2 kids so I would deffinately not recommend this wipe warmer to get both jobs done back to back . I will be returning this and purchasing the Prince Lionheart warmer . I used to have the traveler one which was amazing so maybe the regular size will work as well .
 THIS PRODUCT SHOULD NOT BE ON THE MARKET . IT IS NOT A WARMER - IT IS A WIPE DRYER . I PURCHASED THIS AS A GIFT AND BOY ! IS MY FACE RED !!! IF I COULD HAVE GIVEN IT A MINUS FIVE STAR RATING I WOULD HAVE .
 Poor quality item . After a few months of use , the plastic lid broke at the point that holds the blue top in place . Now our wipes dry out , the lid regularly falls off , and the product has become a general hassle to use . I 'm now trying to go through the process of getting it replaced by Munchkin , but they require sending it back and then waiting weeks for a replacement ... probably more time , effort , and shipping costs than the product is worth.My biggest regret is that since buying mine , I 've given several of these as gifts to other new parents . POOR QUALITY . Look elsewhere .
 After about 4 weeks of use the warmer began to leak around the blue plastic in front . Also , it does n't have a convenient on/off switch .
 i actually returned this item because it dried out all the wipes . it was very annoying . and when i returned it to target , they told me it was being recalled . they didnt say why . so i would not recommend it .
 This did function as it was supposed to - it warmed the wipes . But also it dried them out and ended up being something else we had to plug in . We used it about 3 weeks . It was a gift.If you are intent on having warm wipes , this will do the trick . If you are unsure if you need it , you probably do n't . We sure did n't .
 My wife bought one . Baby girl does n't know the difference of warm wipes or room temperature wipes . Big waste of money initially , big waste on electricity .
 I got this warm wipes thinking I would need one for my baby and it would be nice to have warm wipes for my baby 's sensitive skin . . Unfortunately its the worst product i have ever seen . . It keeps the wipes warm but only inside the box . . As soon as you take the wipes out the warmness goes away and by the time you start wiping the baby its pretty cold.It does n't solve the purpose . . Its as good as not having it at all . . It only eats up on your electricity charges . . the box as such is also not convenient . . Every time i pull a wipe i get 2 or 3 wipes in my hand . . It also wastes your wipes substantially ... All in all a very annoying product . . Total waste of money . . I would def not recommend it to anyone ...
 this system only tends to heat a couple of wipes at a time . i returned it after 3 days of use
 This wipes warmer dries out the upper wipes overnight . The screws in the upper lid rusted after a few weeks . The rust dripped down into the wipes container and contaminated the wipes on the bottom . I have another wipe warmer by Dex that does n't seem to dry out the wipes and I have never seen rust .
 Munchkin did n't give us a warm glow ... the lid to the warmer stopped closing/latching after just a few days . Wipeys easily dried out quickly and we found ourselves spending almost as much time caring for our wipey warmer as we did our newborn . Now after about 2 months the product does n't even warm our wipeys ! Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 i did n't have any issues with this warmer getting mildew or drying out the wipes as some of the other reviewers . however , i still had a couple of complaints . for one , the wipes did not ` pop out ' effectively so i would have to open the lid every time to get a wipe . and if it did , i would get a long chain of wipes and have to shove the extras back into the hole . secondly , the disposable wipes did not hold the warmth so by the time it touches my baby 's bottom , it 's already cold . i could get past the inconvenience of the first part if it did what it 's suppose to do . you might have better luck using cloth wipes , but i doubt it - the warmer simply needs to heat at a higher temperature to offset how quickly the heat dissipates . this was a product i thought i just had to have for my nursery , but it was totally unnecessary . save your money for something more useful .
 Dried out the wipes even when following directions as far as water . I have 4 boys and can not afford to just throw out wipes when the warmer decides to dry them out . Returned to amazon for refund
 Did not heat up wipes . Considering it is a ` wipe warmer ' , there 's not much more to say . I 'll try another brand .
 I think this is a good concept but has it 's limitations . the wipes are only warm for a moment so wipe fast my friend , very fast .
 Ok , think about going to the bathroom and only flushing the toilet once every 200 times . Disgusting right ? Well that 's what this product is.Only the very lazy would think that this is great , and those who do must own a gas mask to empty it.It deserves the star for the foot petal , great idea , but other than that this product stinks . Extremely expensive refills too , I can use my money for more important things.Get a Diaper Genie and give your house a cleaner alternative .
 I researched and set up my registry on-line . After reading rave reviews on this diaper pail , I chose it immediately . I liked the idea that I could even use regular garbage bags . The refills lasted a while . I think our daughter was close to 2 months old when we ran out.We found that it was easier to use regular trash bags so we started using the scented ones in the pail . At first this worked fine ; however , now our daughter is eating baby food and the poopy diapers stink up the bathroom despite the fact they 're in the diaper dekor !!! I do n't understand why it doesnt keep the odors out . Other than that , the pail has withstood but I will say the step latch on the bottom that opens the lid did n't work well from day 1 so we are now used to just opening the lid w/our hands.Also , the refills are expensive . We 've only seen them at Babies R ' Us and they only sell them in the 3 pack for $ 22 . That 's expensive depending upon whether you prefer to buy in bulk or prefer to spend $ 5 at a time -LRB- Diaper Genie -RRB- . I think the best remedy for poopy diapers is to just throw them out immediately.I would recommend talking to other parents and weighing out the pros and cons of each diaper pail .
 I have also read great reviews about the diaper dekor while I was pregnant and decided to get it , but it is terrible , whenever I put a diaper in there and the lid opens up the smell of poop comes out and into the room , we coulnt take it anymore the fact that the nursery smelled like poop most of the time even though I changed the bag way before it was time to . Now I take the poopy diaper , put it in a plastic bag and throw it in the kitcken garbage which we take out almost twice a day . I would not recommend this product
 This Diaper Dekor does not do what it is suppossed to do . First of all , the bags are so thin and it holds so many diapers that the bags rip when it is time to change it . Speaking of which , try to change the bag , it is impossible !!!!!!! There are n't any instructions on how to change the bag , and then I finally figured it out , and the bags did not fit properly . Save your money and use your kitchen garbage , it is much easier !!!
 This diaper pail is way too stinky . Does n't hold enough diapers and DOES NOT mask any odors . I would rather invest in a Diaper Genie or something similar .
 I used this only for 3 days . The smell is just as strong as using a regular trash can . Also , if you want to throw away something other than a diaper , like a diaper wipe , it does n't fall through the opening on its own . You have to push it down into the pail , which is not sanitary . Do n't waste your money.I had previously tried the Diaper Champ . It does mask the odor a lot better and you can use regular trash bags instead of special ones specific to the diaper pail . The only drawback is that the top gets stuck a lot which is n't something you want to deal with when trying to quickly throw away dirty diapers.We are just going to use a regular trash can with a lid until they make something better .
 I have 2 children -- a 3-month old and a 3-year old and I find that when there are soiled diapers from the 3-year old , I can smell them a mile away . I usually empty the can every day because I ca n't stand the smell .
 I bought this product because of all the great reviews but I was sadly disapponted . Yes , it 's easy to use and looks great , it does not contain the smell at all - the supposed main selling point of the product ! Very disappointed with this product - will try Diaper Genie next . Hopefully I 'll have a better experience .
 Once babies can pull up to standing , they can lift the lid and reach inside . Yuck ! I added an extra latch but that made using the diaper pail more difficult . Also , it is awkward to use the foot pedal because you have to bend over . The flap doors also started to stick . As my baby 's diet advanced , it did n't control odors at all . I switched to the Safety 1st and love it .
 I am not impressed with the Diaper Dekor ... I received it as a shower gift with a box of refill liners -LRB- cost of refills - $ 20 -RRB- . Put quite simply ... this is a garbage can with a double lid that requires you to purchase special liners . There is nothing wrong with that , but you would be just as well off using a regular trash can with a lid .
 I bought Diaper Dekor after reading lots of reviews on the web : - bigger size - no twisting and turning - foot pedal for easy disposalMy sister uses Diaper Genie and i earlier thought that twisting the cap to dispose a diaper was hasslesome and was motivated to buy Dekor . I bought the Dekor only to regret . The foot pedal mechanism was clumsy and after like 10 tries to open it , it gave way , although my husband fixed it . The smell is also not contained as well as the Genie . It is also not child proof and my 15 month old neice developed a facy to open it and explore ... ! I would recommend Genie over Dekor because : - genie leaks less odor - genie is child proof - genie is more robust , dekor foot pedal is not as sturdy and doesnt open completely to throw the diaper from top - genie costs lesshope this helps ...
 a friend of mine has three of these in his house , and he 's never mentioned a smell . we gave one to a neighbor , and she claims never to have smelled a dirty diaper in her house . well , i just changed the bag because i could smell the one diaper in it from outside my son 's room . we got the dd + before he was born -LRB- actually , we got two -- the first one we received was broken -RRB- , and for about the first two months of his life , we had no complaints . then we started smelling diapers . we changed the bag more often -LRB- sometimes with only three or four diapers in it -RRB- , and that helped a bit , but sometimes it was so bad that i changed the bag before i changed the kid . i called the manufacturer and told them what was up and that i wanted to make sure the thing was working properly before we started feeding him solid food . they graciously offered to send me another one . i said thanks . the second one got here , and it did a worse job of containing the odors than the other one . on the plus side , the bags do last a long time . i 'm not sure how anyone could complain about that . our first bag lasted three months .
 I was excited about this diaper pail as I 'd heard so many good things about it . However the flip doors in the lid have broken twice -LRB- both times a spring seems to be wearing out in the same way -RRB- . My son is only 16 months old , and I expected to use this diaper pail at least another year . Diaper Dekor has replaced the lid once already , which they did very graciously and expediently . I am going to ask them to replace it again , but am aggravated that I am having to deal with this twice . AND even putting diapers in ziplocs before disposing of them does n't help this pail contain the smell now that my son is older . I would try another diaper pail if I was buying one again .
 I received the Diaper Dekor Plus as a shower gift . I loved the idea of it . When I opened the box , the doors in the top where broken . I called the company and they did send me out a new insert , but when my daughter was 7 weeks old the doors broke again . So , again I called the company and they again mailed me a new insert . All was well for awhile , till my daughter started on baby foods . Now her room stinks ! I change it every day sometimes twice a day but the container still smells . I have started bleaching the container and it does help some , but only for a short period of time . I thought I could deal with it for awhile but now the doors have broken again . My daughter is only 8 months old and I am pregnant agian . So needless to say we will be dealing with diapers for a long time . I plan on buying a different diaper pail .
 The Diaper Dekor goes about the stinky diaper problem in completely the wrong way
 I received this off my registry and loved it , but have to agree with the others ; it works until the real poop starts . I have an 8 month old , and there is no containing this smell . Even with air fresheners , Lysol , etc its awful . It does n't help that my springs on the trap door broke , which means it does not contain any smell . We had to move it out into the hallway and finally I have given up and now use doggy poo bags to wrap my dirty diapers in to throw away in out outside can . Much easier . I really wished this would have worked because it was wonderful to just step and throw .
 I purchased this pail to replace my old Diaper Genie , which I feel does n't hold enough diapers and I do n't like shoving my hand down into the pail to dispose of a diaper . The Diaper Dekor has great reviews , so I decided to try it . When I drop a new diaper in , the odors from old diapers are released . I empty the pail twice per week , and have not had this problem with my old Diaper Genie . I do n't like having to shove my hand down into the pail with the Diaper Genie , but it is much better at keeping in odors than the Diaper Dekor . The Diaper Dekor has a spring `` door '' that you push the new diaper through , but the door is open just long enough to let odors out . When I enter the nursery hours later , I can still smell dirty diaper , so I do n't know if the quality of the bags or overall construction -LRB- seal out odors -RRB- is also an issue.Secondly , the child lock is easily turned by my 16 mo old who keeps opening the `` door '' and dropping other items in or reaching his hands into the pail.I like the capacity and look of the pail , so it 's unfortunate that it does not work for our family .
 I am not sure how there are reviews on here saying that the odor is contained . This is simply not the case for us . Perhaps when your kid is still on breastmilk or formula . But when he/she really starts eating solids , let me tell you , every time you have to put a dirty diaper in this diaper pail , it will release a very foul odor into your child 's room . I am pretty disappointed in this product for that reason alone . Sure , it 's easy to use and the refills are simple to insert . But , who cares when your kid 's room smells like poop ??
 I researched diaper pails for weeks before deciding on the Diaper Dekor Plus . Every system I looked at had good and bad reviews , but the pedal step , wide opening and easy to change bags won me over.My son is 14 months old and we ca n't take it anymore . The smell that comes out of that thing is atrocious ! After about 2 months we stopped putting # 2 diapers in there all together . After we started doing that we found the pail contained the smell much better when not in use , but even though we cram the diaper in at the speed of light the horrid stank spills out and about gags us.The unit is expensive and the refills are expensive as well . We continue to spend even more money because we buy disposable bags for the # 2 diapers and walk them out to the trash each time . If we get lazy and put it in the pail , we pay for it ! It does hold more than most pails , but it smells so bad we end up changing the bag before it 's even 1/2 full . Before we tie off the plastic for a new round we have to set it outside and spray it with Lysol and air it out before putting it back in our sons room . We find the inside of the pail traps the heat from the diapers and it seems to make things even worse!The unit itself is attractive and very functional , and the refill bags are easy to use . I like that you can cut the bottom of the bag whenever you want to dispose of the dirty diapers helping to eliminate waste . I just wish it contained or neutralized the odor.If you are thinking of purchasing the Diaper Dekor Plus please reconsider . We 've already invested so much into this system and now we 're starting all over 14 months in !
 I 'll say one good thing about this product
 this product does not keep the odor of dirty diapers contained !!! when baby was newborn it was ok , as we all know when baby gets bigger so does diaper odor . with my first baby we had diaper genie it did keep in the odor .
 After much research , I decided on the Diaper Dekor Plus and wish I had n't . Everything I read said it would n't stink , but it does !! The baby 's room smells aweful all the time and even the upstairs of my house smells . It 's a brand new house and my baby is only 7 weeks old so this really should n't be an issue . I would suggest everyone to look past this product and choose another one .
 I purchased this product because I had heard and read good reviews however , I must say that I now disagree with all good reviews I had read . This product does not do well in the smell department . The second you open up the dekor to put another dirty diaper in the smell could knock you over . It spreads to the room and leaves a horrible odor in the room . I 've tried air fresheners to put in the dekor to help with this issue but I have had no luck . I ca n't decide to either keep spraying febreeze in my son 's room each time I enter or buy the diaper genie .
 Broke just after the 6th month warranty , so ca n't get it replaced . Did n't really like it in the first place . Hard to get diapers in when they get anywhere near the top . Piece also broke off within first week of using .
 I bought this diaper pail because all other mothers I know seem to have it ... I liked it at first -- when newborn diapers are n't stinky ! But , lately , I ca n't even keep it in the house.It 's a waste of money and will soon be in the trash.The smell is SO AWFUL , no matter what I do . I 've tried every de-odorizer , baking soda , coffee grounds , airing it out outside for weeks at a time , cleaning it . I now only put wet diapers in it , but it still smells horrible after one day of wet diapers.This is basically a trash can with a lid . The only added feature is that when you buy & use their bags , you can cut the bags down to size.I do not recommend !
 I have used the Diaper Dekor for over 18 months now . For those considering the Dekor , some brief thoughts : - The Dekor is great when the baby is a newborn and not yet eating solids , and thus making the really odorous poop . As many parents know , when a baby is young , their poop does not smell that bad . Once they start eating solids , their pee and poop smell a LOT worse . - Once the baby starts eating solids , you will encounter the MOST disgusting smell as the awful , chemically fragrance of the Dekor bags mixes with the soiled diapers . Everytime I open the lid of the Dekor to dispose of a diaper , my child 's room is filled with the most vomit-inducing smell . Oddly enough , the `` fragranced '' bags actually make the soiled diapers smell much worse . In fact , I was relieved when I read the reviews of many other reviewers who had the same experience . When I change the bag , the smell is impossibly disgusting . So , I have to carry the very heavy , diaper filled Dekor outside of the house to dispose of the diapers and change the bag.-The refills are extremely expensive . Due to the awful smell , I end up changing the bag after only 4-6 diapers . If you thought the Dekor pail was expensive , you will be paying an arm and a leg for the silly perfumed bags.-If you are a pregnant mom -LRB- like me -RRB- or have a pregnant woman in the house , she will smell the stench everywhere in the house and complain . So , if you want a nice smelling home and do n't want to hear your wife or pregnant friend complain every hour , then look buy a different disposal system.Bottom Line
 My Diaper Genie broke so I decided to try something new for my 2 year old . This diaper pal is horrible . The bags are not lined like the DG pal or even the Arm & Hammer pal so it stinks ! I have to change the bag every other day with only a few diapers in it rather than once a week like I do with the other pal . I plan to replace this pal immediately ! I like the design , but the smell is so bad that the nice design does n't matter .
 This item is completely unnecessary . I 'd heard mom friends mention it and thought it would be a good addition to our nursery . But it 's pointless if you live in an apartment since you 're probably tossing your trash down a chute every day or so . And turns out that it 's equally pointless in a house . No one wants stinky diapers accumulating , but this gizmo is nothing more than a glorified trash can . Save yourself the money and just use a regular garbage can .
 Highly disappointed in this diaper disposal system . For the price , you would think that it would seal each diaper individually . The less expense models -LRB- even the Wal-Mart brand -RRB- will . We chose in the end to just have a small garbage can in our daughter 's room and a natural scent deodorizer in the bottom . The bag gets emptied daily and there are no smells of diapers in her room . Much less expense option and works the same as this system !
 I normally do not review things , but I decided to this time as a public service and to hopefully give people a heads up to save some money . I actually use a diaper pail for my small dog . He uses puppy pads in our apartment -LRB- highrise -RRB- and then I throw the dirty ones into the diaper pail until I clean it out and take the mess to the trash chute . I have used the Diaper Genie II for about 3 years and it did an ok job . It was pretty darn good at hiding any smells during the entire time . We recently moved apartments and I decided to try out a new diaper pail and bought this one the Diaper Dekor.Well within just 2 days of use the area it is in started to smell like a mens public restroom . My dog is on very high quality food and his messes are not very smelly at all -LRB- especially compared to a baby who is starting on solid foods -RRB- and I could still smell it all the way across the room . In my opinion the Dekor did not even hold the smell in as well as a regular trash can with a lid!Save your money . This pail was awful . I have had to put it outside on the balcony until my new diaper genie is delivered . You should save your 40 bucks and just buy a 10 dollar trash can if you want this poor of odor control . I can say the Diaper Genie 2 is FAR superior to odor control !!!!
 I really did not like the Diaper Dekor Plus . I bought it based on the good reviews I 've read . My baby was a breastfed baby who only had 1-2 dirty diapers/day . The container became stinky fast ! My husband kept it cleaned out , but it was still smelly . I think this thing was like a breeding ground for germs , not to mention the refills are ridiculously expensive . I now just put my dirty diapers in a plastic grocery bag , tie them up , and put them in the regular garbage . My husband takes it out every other day , and we have no problems . It 's so nice going into my daughter 's bedroom without the smell of dirty diapers . This unused contraption now just sits in her closet -- what a waste of money !
 This diaper pail really stinks . The problem is that , because it holds so much , the diapers sit in it for a long time . Especially as my daughter is in daycare away from home during the day and so it takes us a long time to fill this pail . When you go to put in another diaper , the stink that wafts out of this diaper dekor would knock you out . The worse part is emptying it . Yikes ! I manage to pass that onto my husband most of the time . We ended up moving it out of our daughter 's room , away from her changing table which was very inconvenient for us . But we could n't have her sleeping in such a smelly environment . We have just today bought the diaper genie which is highly recommended by our friends .
 First off , I must introduce myself as the male of the household and I am writing this review from the perspective of one who disposes of the full bags and also one who uses it when I change my daughter 's diapers . I have been using the Diaper Decor for the last 20 + months.When my daughter was still pooping `` baby poop '' there really was no problem because baby poop does n't smell too bad . However , once she graduated to `` normal poop '' the smell has become absolutely unbearable ! This has literally made me label the Diaper Decor as the absolute worst invention ever ! The intent of the Decor is very good and makes absolute sense . However , actual day to day usage builds up a nasty odor as you can imagine . Worst yet , the built-in fragrance of the bags is supposed to neutralize the poopy smell , but somehow chemically the 2 odors together have literally joined forces into a diabolical , disgusting Smell . I exaggerate not ! Therefore , I have learned to not change out the bags in the house because the Smell lingers in the air and makes anyone near it gag . I now bring the Decor outside of the house to change so I can have the advantage of fresh air to blow away the Smell . Unfortunately , this is still not too effective as I often feel like I can cut the thick disgusting Smell with a knife . I kid you not , the Smell manages to get stuck in my nose hairs , so that I must blow my nose after changing the Decor to completely eliminate It from my system.I highly recommend that if you can , just use a plain garbage can with a drawstring garbage bag with a cover and leave it outside the house as your diaper disposal . I have seriously done this last summer and have not gagged while changing it out , surprisingly . The only reason why I 'm still using the Decor is because my wife unknowingly -LRB- or knowingly -RRB- bought a new box of Decor bags and insists on using it . Maybe all I have to do is let her change it once in awhile so she knows what kind of torture it is to change the Decor .
 We used to love this product too . But ... wait ! Things have changed!Before you buy it , I recommend you read the reviews on the new Diaper Dekor Plus `` biodegradable refill bags '' . The Diaper Dekor Plus used to be a great product , then they discontinued the regular refills and replaced them with an alternative that is getting terrible reviews.The new bags do not contain odor like the originals , they are more expensive and they are packaged in such a way that the `` green benefit '' is completely offset by the extra cardboard packaging required to buy 6 refills.Don ' t get duped by the OLD reviews . This product has changed and not for the better .
 I admit that my review should really be broken into two parts -- before the biodegradable refill bags and after . Before the new biodegradable refill bags we were perfectly happy with the Dekor Plus . It worked well in controlling smells , was easy to operate , and was simple to change bags . The reason we wanted it was , of course , to control the smells of used diapers . However , Diaper Dekor recently introduced a new refill that is biodegradable . It does not work well in controlling diaper smells . Unfortunately , the biodegradable refills are the only option available . As such , I would recommend another diaper system . Also , I would question wether a biodegradable bag filled with non-biodegradable diapers really serves any benefit .
 I bought this product based on the reviews I read about a year ago . My daughter is now 11 months old and the entire room STINKS whenever we have to dispose of a soiled diaper ! I have to change the bag every time she has a BM . I finally gave up and and bought another Diaper Genie . I had one with my first two children and it may be more of a hassle to use but I do not recall it omitting as much odor as the Diaper Dekor Plus . Save your money , do n't buy this product !
 I really liked this product when my baby was an infant . We changed a lot of not-too-stinky diapers , and the foot pedal disposal system was convenient and controlled odors -LRB- which are not bad with an infant , anyway -RRB- . However , once my infant turned into a solids-eating older baby , the poop got a lot stinkier , and the diaper decor simply could n't keep up . Not only do the diapers smell , but the diaper stink seems to live in the decor , even after thorough cleanings -LRB- with bleach -RRB- . I continue to use this device only because I have a stock of refill bags and do n't want to waste the money already spent . Like a fellow reviewer , I 'm going to chuck this thing and replace it with a garbage can outside , and/or just do my best to flush the poop into the toilet before putting diapers into the decor .
 I loved my Diaper Dekor for the first six months while my son was exclusively breastfed . But once we started solids , it did n't seem to work at all . Now I have to either put dirty daipers in a plastic bag before putting them in the pail , or throw them away somewhere else . I still like the ease of the system , but a trashcan with a lid would be just as easy and work just as well.Also , my 13 month old son can take things out and throw things into the Diaper Dekor by himself . That 's great for him to feel like he is helping after his diaper is changed , but it means I ca n't leave the thing out , which makes it pretty inconvienient to use . Other models I 've seen do n't have that problem , so in the end , I wish I 'd gone with something else .
 Although simple to use , the Diaper Dekor does n't prevent the smell from escaping especially during the summer months . And then one of the -LRB- smell preventing -RRB- flaps broke after 13 months . Also , the refills are not that easy to install and are almost as expensive as the Dekor . We just bought the Diaper Champ which uses medium trash bags .
 I got this after reading reviews for several different diaper pails and I opted for this one since I did n't want to stick my hand in anything or twist things . Pros
 I received this item new but it malfunctioned the first time I tried to use it -LRB- i.e. step on the foot pedal to open the lid -RRB- . I ended up sending it back to the vendor and opted for a different system .
 For our first two kids we went with the Diaper Genie . Moved to the Dekor with kid three ... the baby 's room smells , it does not contain the odor . The lid system is clumsy and the trap door hardly remains closed . With kid four we are now switching to the Diaper Genie 2 .
 The smell is not as well contained as they promise , and the refills bags are really too expensive .
 it leaks smells . The baby 's room always has a smell . Triple seal ? Maybe 3 seals in 3 different places , not 3 layers of protection . I sniffed around -- the smell goes right through the bag and leaks out the front door -LRB- for changing bags -RRB- . This door has NO SEAL just the door butting against the case , with a visible gap.Refills are also expensive.Our baby is just on milk . Do n't know if anything else is better , but I would look .
 This item seemed great at first ... my child was not eating solids so his poop was not smelly . I love the convienence of teh foot pedal adn the style . Now that my child eats solids his poop smells `` adult like '' and the trash can does NOT keep in the smell ! Our neighbor came over and asked what smelled in our house . We searched in our house and located the smell - this trash can !
 I bought this hoping it would be easier to use than another diaper pail system I had , which it was , but it does not hold the smell in it , and it makes the nursery wing of my house smell like dirty diapers , and I empty it every day . I have two babies , and it is easy to open and throw the diapers into , but this is also a problem because my 14 month old likes to throw toys into it because it is easily accessible . The refill cartridge keeps falling down into the pail making the diapers just sit on top of it not holding the diapers . I also just spent a fortune on medical bills after tripping over the large foot pedal that sticks out , and I broke a bone in my foot . I am tired of the smell , and after just a few months of owning the system , I just threw it out for the garbage man .
 A diaper without a bag or wrap takes about 75 years to biodegrade . With a bag or wrap you are looking at closer to 250 . Smells do n't seem so important . Just take your diaper straight outside & avoid the cost
 I had just wrote a review on this product and reviewed many others and saw that a few of the reviews were thinking that people keep soiled diapers for weeks in this diaper pail and that is why it stinks . Well I have NEWS FOR THE SANITATION EXPERTS OUT THERE ... I change my diaper pail every day and I am sure the other people do as well ... and I promise you NOW I do n't change it at all because I do n't use the worthless product . You put one dirty diaper in it and within 5 min . it has stunk up the whole room this product does not work ... and not because you assume people let `` human waste pile up for weeks '' as one reviewer commented . IT JUST SIMPLY DOES NOT WORK . If it does for you lady then more power to you ... write your review and move on and quit saying that the people who do n't like it are unsanitary ... esp . if you do n't know us ! That is a pretty BOLD statement to publicly make ... about people who simply are giving the product a bad rating on their experience with it . So write your positive review and move on ... and you might want to have your nose checked out because this pail DOES NOT WORK .
 What is the deal with people waiting weeks and more than a month -LRB- ! -RRB- to clean out their dirty diapers ?! That is so awful . Sure the diapers are n't smelling bad -LRB- as some claim -RRB- but to essentially STORE human waste in your home for weeks on end is unsanitary and bizarre . It 's simple to change the bag out , so why not do it more frequently?I suppose some of these folks should just get a big 50-gallon drum and wait to take out the dirty diapers once the kid is old enough to help you lug the thing to the curb.Disgusting .
 We were given this as a gift . We did n't really want one having tried both the Diaper Genie and the Diaper Champ with our last child . This thing looks ok and should for the price , but like both of the other diaper pail systems it still SMELLS ! It is also small and has to be changed almost daily even with newborn diapers and the refills are not cheap . Expect to go through a refill roll every other week . In my opinion putting the diapers in the garbage and taking that out frequently is far more effective then this expensive piece of plastic .
 The Dekor is easy to use and attractive , but the design does not keep the stink at bay . Every time I toss a new diaper in , the stink of all the old diaps wafts up BIG TIME .
 Loved this for first 6 months . Held more than Diaper Genie -LRB- I have both -RRB- . However at about 8 months I noticed that it started to really stink . We clorox it , spray it , clean in constantly - but still reeks . I took apart this week and noticed that the metal springs that hold the door flap `` closed '' were totally rusted out . Thus keeping the flap open all the time . So that 's part of the smell - but the whole inside of it just stinks . Diaper Genie better - had same amount of time and no change in smell , etc. .
 I registered for this item based on the reviews from this sight . I am very disappointed . This Diaper Pail STINKS ! Literally ! Forget poopie diapers , those have to go directly outside to the garbage . Only 2 or 3 slightly soiled can go in before you have to change the bag because your entire house smells . Now , after spending over $ 100 on refill bags , I wish I would have got the Diaper Champ everyone raves about . In fact , I think I 'll go order it now .
 Sorry to the Diaper Dekkor lovers out there ... but this system DOES NOT do it for me ! Stinky , does n't hold many diapers , and a pain in the behind to change the bags . I STILL prefer my Diaper Genie to this thing . I read the reviews before I bought it , and I 'm sorry to say they are misleading . My recommendation is DO NOT BUY !!
 I bought this product because of the reviews I read about it . However it DOES NOT keep out the smell of dirty diapers . I have used it for 7 months now and had to go buy a different one . If you are like me , you want the products you buy to do the intended job . This is not what you want . Get the Diaper Champ or use a regular trash can and put it out of the way -LRB- extra bathroom , laundry room , etc. . -RRB-
 This can fit a lot of diapers in it and the bags last a long time . It is horrible with stinky diapers . You can always smell them even when it is shut . My child is now one and we use it as a trash can that he constantly gets into . Thank goodness we do n't use it for diapers anymore . The Neat disposal system is far superior ! Do not buy the diaper dekor . It is a waste of money .
 Since baby number two is on the way , I thought we should have a diaper pail for downstairs as well as upstairs . I started using it for our 2 year old , because it said it was odorless . At first I put in our powder room . The smell was aweful , but I thought it was because the room was so small . I then put it in the kitchen . It smells worse than the garbage . I wish I kept the box so I could return it . Not worth the money at all !!!!
 I received this item at my baby shower -LRB- 11/03 -RRB- and we still have it . The doors keep falling off , it fills up fast . My daughter who 's into everything have learned how to open the top and remove all the diapers . She know that the door does n't close and falls apart , so she 's always where the plastic bag is . We had to put kidco locks on the top to keep the top from opening and another lock on the door , because when we would open it , it would come out of it 's holders . Sure this is a nice pail to keep after the diapers are gone . But , when it has some stinky diapers in it , it stinks and so does her room . I have to put air freshners inside it to help with the odor.Not a great pail , it does n't cost cheap , but it 's made cheap .
 I was excited about this product for the looks , price and initital reviews . We have a 6 month old , thus using this system for 6 months now . It was great the first 4 months of use . No real smell and easy to dispose of the bag . However , now the interior door is broke and it really stinks . These doors are hinged , but are not manufactured in a way that it can be fixed . I agree that when your baby begins to have really stinky diapers then this system does n't stand up fully to the challenge . Maybe we need to buy freshners for the inside . All in all I am disappointed !
 Iam a registered nurse and teach parenting and baby care classes at a local hospital . Most importantly , Iam a Mom of three . I now have two in diapers -LRB- one newborn , one barely 2 -RRB- so I was determined to find a diaper system that did not stink -LRB- both literally and figuratively ! -RRB- I was quite unhappy with the Diaper Genie that I had been using so I decided to try Diaper Dekor . I was hesitant because of the price and the price of the refills but I decided to give it a try . The product description indicated that the refills lasted quite a while so I thought it would be worth the investment.Not only did the refills not last long -LRB- even with tiny newborn-sized diapers -RRB- but they also did not contain the smell . The basic construction of the unit is flimsy at best . I expected the product to be sturdy perhaps because of the elevated price . It was not.I write all of this to say that I hope other Moms out there do not waste their money on this product . Because I teach classes I am always on the lookout for good products that I can pass along to the parents . The Diaper Dekor Plus will not be one such product . I hope this is helpful to you .
 We bought this product because of the numerous positive reviews . We actually bought 3 of them . The dekor pluses were great for the first 6 months of our daughter 's life because her diapers were essentially odor free . As a breastfed infant not on solid foods , the odor from our daughter diapers was minimal . Now our daughter is 16 months old and ever since she 's been pooping larger amounts , the odor is awful . The odor from the dekor is so bad that I wrap the poopy diapers in arm-n-hammer bags before putting them into the diaper dekor . Even with that move , I 've resorted to taping carbon filters to the top and sides . I did n't mind paying $ 15 for a 2-pack fill when I thought the odor was kept under control . Now that it 's not , I 'm fuming each time I 'm shelling out the money . If you do n't put in the refill perfectly , then the bags can rip . I thought I got a single low quality refill pack and that 's why my bags kept ripping . It turned out that I accidentally put the cylinder in upside down and the bags still pulled through properly , but they ripped on a regular basis . My nanny can not change the refills herself because she ca n't follow the instructions . A couple of times I 've had to remove the dekor from my daughter 's bedroom in order to air out the room . This is my first review for a product . I had to give my opinion because I can not understand how this product has such good reviews from 540 people .
 I really liked this Diaper Dekor when my baby was younger and her poops did not really smell that bad . But trust me , when they get older -LRB- she is now 17 months -RRB- and start eating food that makes you know from a room away that they need their diaper changed , you do not want this disposal system . Be prepared to get a different one which is what I have to do . Every time that you open it to throw in a dirty diaper the smell hits you in the face like a ton of bricks ... it does not keep the smell away as it is just like opening a regular bin . So I agree that it is great in the beginning but now I have to go out and buy a different one now that she is older so feel that it was a waste of money .
 This product is too small to handle diapers larger than a size 2 . Now that my daughter is in a size 3 diaper , I find I can only fit 6-7 diapers in there before it overflows and I have to empty it . Since I am still changing her 7-8 times a day , I am emptying this once a day . At that rate , I might as well just put a regular trash can in her room . I plan on buying a different diaper pail this weekend . Plus it does not elimnate odor well at all . I have washed it and added baking soda to the bottom but there is still an odor . This one just did not meet my expectations .
 After reading several online reviews , including the ones here , I opted for the Diaper Dekor . What a mistake . It was able to contain the smell of infant diapers well , however , now that my daughter is 5 months the Dekor does nothing to contain odors . In addition , the flap door on the inside completely broke off . We do not mishandle items and have always been gentle putting diapers in . I do not believe the plastic door should break in 5 months . I know many people love this item . I recently checked the claim of three odor seals and discovered the `` seals '' are simply 3 plastic doors that close on one another . There is one rubber seal however the trap doors do not completely seal . Do not waste your time and money as I must now find another diaper pail .
 Give me a break , $ 22 for plastic bags ? Seems to me this company is taking advantage of the fact that once someone has already purchased their product or received it as a gift they have no choice but to buy the expensive refills . In 18 months I 've gone through at least 4 boxes , and let me tell you it is painful to put that $ 22 box in my shopping cart every time . Unfortunately the design is such that you are not able to use any other kind of plastic bag . I 've been relatively happy with the product itself -LRB- although it definitely does not mask odor , especially as a child gets older ... I think some of the more glowing reviews must be from those with newborns ! -RRB- but due to the expense I now regret putting this product on my registry !
 Silly idea . Everytime you put in a dirty diaper , all the odors from the other diapers are allowed to escape . We are getting rid of ours before our next child is due and replacing it with a different brand . Would not buy .
 I really liked this for the first 11 months . Now that my son is older , he loves to play with it . The problem is that he gets his fingers caught in the lid , which seems to really hurt him . He can lift the lid which makes the lid fall down on his hand causing him to cry until I can unlatch his finger . He also can stick his arm inside and touch the contents making his arm smell like dirty diapers .
 Initially I liked this product , but after about 9 months the hinges rusted and eventually broke off . Now there is no inner lid to keep the smell out and it is stinking up the house . I tried contacting the company for a replacement , but was never able to get a response . Finally broke down and bought a Diaper Genie II to replace the Diaper Dekor . I bought the Dekor originally because of its hands-free use , but now the Genie is also hands-free so hopefully it will work better .
 We 're disappointed with this product . It 's about as unattractive as the other products out there , and it does NOT keep the smell in check . We still have to take the # 2 's outside to the trash or they will make the whole room stinky , just a little less so than if we used a regular trash can . I am pretty surprised at all the positive reviews.I wish we 'd bought the Diaper Genie instead .
 I was glad to see that others had experienced the same thing I did with the trap door . This product worked great for the first 9 months . But recently one of the trap doors broke and it does n't spring back up , which means it can get really stinky in the room , really fast ! I 'm disappointed and now I see this looks like it might be a design flaw since others have had the same problem . I will be purchasing a different model .
 I am soo disappointed in this product ! Especially for the cost of the unit and the refills . I 've had the Diaper Dekor Plus for 3 months now and I hate it ! It smells like deodorizer PLUS diaper ! It 's so gross . The only thing it has going for it is it 's sleek look -LRB- fooled me -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 I am the type of person who really does her research and after researching diaper disposal systems , this is the one that won out ! It is stylish and nice looking and all that , and we never smelled anything out of it until now ... we have used it since he came home from the hospital and I was really impressed with the way we never smelled anything , except when we were disposing of a diaper . It is the strangest thing that now that he is 8 months old , it is the stinkiest thing , I feel bad for him leaving it in the room with him while he sleeps . I spray it down with disinfectant spray and wipe it with disinfectant wipes all the time and it still smells.It is very expensive as are the refills , I shall continue researching disposal systems for our next baby.I just hope this helps someone else who is doing research . I do n't think there is a diaper disposal system that does n't smell .
 Having read many favorable reviews , we purchased the Diaper Dekor Plus . Maybe we got a dud , but from day one , it did not trap any odors . Its foot operation was very convenient , but the smell was appalling . Whether open or closed , our Diaper Dekor Plus made the entire nursery reek . We followed all of the instructions , yet , I can not overemphasize how awful it was at containing smells . Maybe ours was a dud , but I urge you not to spend your hard-earned money on this diaper pail .
 We got the dekor plus after using the small dekor for 10 months . The reason we changed it is because the inner lid stopped functioning properly . We had the old square model where the inner lids in the pail are round and fold to the inside of the pail -LRB- that is the model in this picture -RRB- . We bought the dekor plus at babies r us . The diaper dekor plus now is oval and the inner lid is square . It now has a system to cut the bag on the inside of the pail , which is nice , and it has a lock for the inner lid of the pail . The lock is necessary because in this model the odors linger if you do n't lock it , hence it is not hands free as it is supposed to be . Since we bought the dekor plus it is bigger , but since the smell keeps getting out we have never even allowed more than a day 's diapers -5 - to stay in there . If you want this product get the old square old version , which is the one in this picture . I guess that is the one reviewed by consumer reports and recommended . The new oval version does not work as well , also get the smaller size model - the dekor not the dekor plus . -
 When I first purchased this item I thought it was an A + . There were no unpleasant odors , the specials bags were a bit expensive but who cares if it doesnt smell , right ? Then my son started eating more solids and he is now 14 months old and the odors that eminate and fill his room are hazardous . The flap on the top broke off and so now there is no way to try and hide the smells . It seems a very cheap product , my friend has had the same door break on the top as well . I am going to try the Diaper Champ and see how that goes . I would not recommend this product unless you plan on potty training your baby when they start to eat solid foods .
 I worked as a Nanny for 11 years before having my own baby . I have seen many diaper pails , and found the Diaper Genie to be the best at controlling odors -- but was not fond of the cost of the unit and the constant refills . It is also not the easiest product to use . So I decided to get the Diaper Dekor Plus . It had great reviews and , although the refills are expensive , they were said to go a long way in comparison.The DDP worked well for a while . ... That is until my little pooper started eating solids ! When his diapers became more stinky , so did the diaper pail ! I had to empty it every day , even if it only had two or three diapers in it ! It is just plastic -- there is nothing sealing in the odors other than the thin , scented liners it uses . And , even though it has a convenient foot pedal to open the top , you still have to push the diaper through the trap doors with your hand . Yuck!I am now a Diaper Genie fan once again ! It is worth the extra hassle and initial expe
 This does not eliminate or even contain the smell.It is also very easy for my son to get into.The Neat Diaper Disposal System is far superior.Do not buy the diaper dekor .
 This was great in the beginning , but once my daughter hit about 6 months of age -LRB- eating baby food and cereal -RRB- , the diaper smell could not be contained anymore . When you open the unit to put in a diaper or empty it , the smell is horrible and stays in the room ! This is the only diaper pail I have tried , so I do n't know if any other systems are better .
 Well , I started out LOVING this diaper pail . It was because I was breastfeeding and no real odors had started ... and then the solids well , it was alright and now that our 11 mo. old has moved onto toddler foods and 3rd foods ... OMG ... you put 1 poopy diaper in it and leave the room for 5 min . you have a whole new scent in your baby 's room ... and it is ` nt pleasent !!!! So , I do n't even use it anymore because it is completley useless . Wish I bought the Diaper Genie ! So do n't buy this for the long haul it does not work so well . It is nasty ! Esp . when you go to remove the diaper nothing like getting a cloud of stink in your face ... ughhhh ... only way to avoid that is work fast and hold your breath !
 I bought this because of the reviews I read . I have discovered that it does not eliminate the smell of a poopy diaper . I have heard that the diaper genie does . There is a new one out on the market that I may try . Unfortunately I have lots of the dekor refill bags . I would not recommend this , unless you have triplets and you plan on having more than one system . It is easy to use , so that 's why I gave it a couple of stars .
 We bought the Diaper Dekor Plus based on what I read in `` Baby Bargains '' and the recommendations on this web site . We love the functionality , it is very easy to use and empty , but it makes the whole room stink ! You can even smell it from the hallway . My son is only 6 weeks old , I ca n't imagine what it would smell like with older kids diapers . We have now purchased the new Safety 1st Neat pail ... hope it is better .
 I thought this was a great product ... that was until my son started on solids . Pew ! This product does NOTHING to contain the smell ! We have tried everything . Lysol , emptying more often , etc. . But the liners get VERY expensive ... and it does n't help ! I steered away from the Diaper Genie , but everyone I know who has toddlers still swear it contains the stink . I went out and got one this morning . It ca n't be any worse than the Diaper Dekor ! I 'm really bummed I spent the money on this disposal system .
 I recently bought this diaper pail for my 9 month old and it 's terrible , it started smelling in a few days ! I saw it got good reviews here and decided to buy it because of that . Once I looked at the reviews closer , I noticed that most of the reviewers had very young babies which , of course , do n't have diapers as stinky as older ones , which is probably why the reviews are so good . When my son was first born , I went to Wal-Mart and bought a Rubbermaid trash can that has a lid you can press and it opens . I used that with scented bags -LRB- I got mine at Big Lots -RRB- and did n't have a problem until recently , when it started to give off a little smell . Well , it was much better than this product and I 'm going back to my cheap system . I 'd say do n't waste your money . I know many people who never even bought a diaper pail but just used something similar to my Wal-Mart trash can and said it worked out just fine . Luckily , I bought my Diaper Dekor Plus at Babies R Us and they said I can return it
 We bought this diaper pail when our son was first born . We loved it ! We liked how it looked and how easy it was to use , especially the foot pedal . Did n't like that it cost a bit more and the refills were pretty expensive . But it held in the odors and we loved it ! Now that our son is 16 months old , I ca n't stand this thing ! His whole room just stinks ! Now matter how I clean it , change it , or add air freshners to it , nothing helps . Everytime we open it to put in another diaper the smell escapes and slaps you in the face . Would not recommend this one to anyone . It worked great till my son started eating everything in sight ! I 'd recommend the diaper champ now !
 After it was time for the diaper genie to be replaced due to odors , I was looking for something else that might work better . So I bought the Diaper Dekor with hope that it would at least block out some odors . It was horrible . After the first day , my 15 month old daughter 's room smelled of dirty diapers - after just one dirty one put into it ever . So now we have it in the garage and it stinks everytime we walk past it . At least the diaper genie did n't smell until you opened it , but this was horrible . I really do not recommend wasting your money on this Diaper Dekor at all - it is useless !!!!!!
 I have to admit that this pail is very convenient , easy to use and empty , but the smell is unbearable . I have 2 air fresheners in my daughters room to help with the stank . Maybe if you empty it every day or every other day it would n't be bad , but then why have a diaper pail that holds 40 diapers ?
 I registered for this item back and receiveed it when my son was born in January , 2006 . About 21/2 months later , the spring on one side of the insert broke and when I tossed in a diaper , the trap door did n't spring back closed . I contacted the company , and after about 2 weeks of emails and phone calls , I received an email back advising me that they had a problem with a batch of them and would send me out another insert . Well ... after another 3 months or so , I once again find myself with the same problem . I do n't even use it that frequently -LRB- maybe 3x a day -RRB- because my son is in daycare full time . I have once again contacted the company but I am very annoyed that I have had the same problem twice within 6 months . At this point , I will hopefully receive another insert but I would not be too quick to rush out and purchase this product again .
 I had the diaper champ for 20 months and then I bought the diaper decor plus . What a huge huge mistake . I gave it 2 stars because it 's nicer than the diaper champ and it does look like we can use it after we 're done using it for diapers but it 's much smaller than I anticipated . I do n't know what type of diapers they were counting when they said that this thing can hold as many large diapers as they say it holds . No way . The diaper champ used regular trash bags and therefore it 's got ta be much cheaper than this . What a mistake . I got rid of the diaper champ based on the great reviews on this item . Boy am I sorry!UPDATE
 I heard great reviews about this product . I loved it at first . It was great that I did n't have to bend down to do any twisting . After about a month of opening and shutting the lid , it started to smell really bad . My son -LRB- 13 months old -RRB- is the typical curious toddler . He constantly opened and shut the lid -LRB- there is no lock like the Diaper Genie -RRB- . I always found toys , pacifiers , etc. in the bag when I had to dump it . So I had to tear the bag open to retrieve these items . The smell is the worst . I can smell it walking down the hall . I went back and purchased the Diaper Genie .
 As with printers , it 's not the equipment that makes up most of the cost , it 's the refills . I 'd estimate that you spend at least three or four times as much as you would on equivalent capacity regular garbage bags , and I do n't find the supposed `` odor control '' to be better than regular odor control garbage bags , possibly worse because they 're so thin . Just get a good step can and use odor control garbage bags instead .
 The Diaper Dekor Plus system works fine while you baby is still small and really not eating a lot of solid foods yet.My son 's room began to permanetly smell like a dirty diaper because of this system.I decided to find a new dipaer disposal system and I decided to go with the Diaper Champ , and all I can says is that I wish I had gone with the Diaper Champ from the beginning . My son 's room is finally free of the dirty diaper smell thanks to the Diaper Champ ! I DO NOT recommend buying the Diaper Dekor Plus system at all ! Save your money and buy the DIAPER CHAMP , it 's cheaper AND you do n't have to buy special replacement bags .
 I totally do n't get how the other folks are getting odor-free use out of this product . When my baby was very young , his diapers were n't that smelly to begin with , but now that he is on solids at 13mos. , I have to keep this pail inside the closet and change the bag every night to keep his room odor-free . Also the front door latch is constantly loosening , so the front door is often found in a slightly open position -LRB- also the baby has figured out how to open it , yet another reason to keep it in the closet -RRB- . If you look at the construction , there is no way this is sealed well enough to function as described . Unfortunately , I will need to toss this diaper pail and buy another product .
 We have had this product for 16 months and have had the door with flaps replaced twice ! The same piece has just broken for the 3rd time and the bucket itself really smells . We only put `` wet '' diapers in it and change it very often . I 've tried bleaching the entire unit ... have used baking soda ... lavender oil and can not get rid of the odor . The company is very nice and quick to replace the broken units , but it is n't worth the money or time .
 I purchased the Diaper Dekor Plus back in September based on reviews and good pricing -LRB- online at Target for only $ 29.99 -RRB- , unfortunately this pail did not live up to expectations . Once arrived I used the pail for all sorts of diaper disasters -LRB- # 1 and # 2 -RRB- and immediately I noticed the horrible smell that wafted from the Diaper Dekor Plus . Resigned , I began using only for # 1 diapers , hoping this would cut down on the smell . However , this was not the case . I do n't even have to be in the same room as the diaper pail to smell the pungent odor . I 've finally given up on the Diaper Dekor system and hope that after a month outside , empty , I might be able to use this thing as a stupidly expensive trash can for office trash .
 I received the Diaper Dekor Plus as a shower gift and was so excited , as I had read the great reviews . Withing 2 weeks of using the system it was apparent that it simply can not contain the odor . I had to resort to baggin the really messy diapers and then using the Dekor Plus and there is still a smell . I 'm going to have to search for a new diaper system . And , I 'm just so disappointed .
 We received the Diaper Dekor over a year ago as a shower gift , yes I registered for it . It looked and sounded great . We loved it at first , it was easy to use and change . Once the heat went on in our son 's room we noticed it did n't hold the odor in . Then as our son started to walk a few months ago , we have been missing a few items -LRB- ie the remote , cordless phone -RRB- I keep finding them in the Diaper Dekor . Also , I have found a few diapers outside the Diaper Dekor that I know were at one point inside it . My next concern is when our son learns how to open the front door and finds the cutter . I plan to go buy a different diaper pail before that happens .
 This was a great system when I first got it . Maybe it was because newborn diapers do n't smell as bad , but now it does n't hold in the smell at all . I have a 1050 sq.ft home and the bedroom is at one end of the house and I can smell it all the way at the other end . . My son is 8 months old . I heard that Diaper Dekor changed the bags that they sold and the new ones do n't work as well . Not sure what the problem is , but I 'm now looking at spending more money on a new diaper containment system . Also , my husband complained that it 's too short . He has to lean way down to make sure the diaper goes in the hole while trying to wrangle an 8 month old .
 One would be better served to use a tall cardboard box and long plastic bag , than to invest in the over-priced DIAPER DEKER XL . The left side of the double-door push-lid does not function ; it is continually open , which does not help odor control . What else is this expensive thing supposed to do ? Reviews were outstanding , but it came with no instructions . Intuitive ? Turn the only dial , and nothing happens . The bag is not twisted at the top of the last deposit , to further trap in the odor . I can not return because the THREE-DAYlimit is over ! I 'm not a machine , nor on a time-table . Most returns are do-able within 30 days , which is satisfactory . I am very , very sorry that I went through the expense of getting this to ` help ' my husband with PD . Think twice about laying out hard-earned money for the Diaper Deker . If you bought one , KEEP THE BOX !!!
 I 've been using this diaper pail for a year and a half and the only good thing I can say about it is that I enjoy not having to bend down to dispose of a diaper thanks to the handy foot pedal . However that is the only good thing about this diaper pail . The Diaper Dekor does not contain diaper odors well ; even when the pail is empty , the scent of the perfumed-liners permeates the room . In fact the liners for the Diaper Dekor are so heavily perfumed that I moved the pail out of my son 's bedroom . The smell of poopy diapers also escapes from the device , even when the lid is closed . I would not recommend this product .
 We bought the Diaper Dekor to replace a Genie that we had for over two years . The Genie had really begun to smell after all that time . After doing some research and reading the reviews , we decided to give the Dekor a try.Well , it arrived in the house on a Sunday . It was decided on Tuesday that it would be leaving . While it is truly more convenient than the Genie -LRB- step & drop -RRB- , it did not contain the odor of a toddler diaper well . In fact , both my wife and I began to notice the smell by the time it had no more than 3 diapers in it . At first we thought we must be doing something incorrect . However , we reviewed everything again and decided that the Dekor really could n't contain odors the way it claimed.We bought another Genie to replace the old one .
 We ca n't understand how this product has any five-star reviews . Or four-star reviews . Or , really , reviews above one star.We 've owned this product for about ten days , have been using it as directed , and now our house smells of Eau de Diaper . At least the diaper pail we replaced largely contained the odor to the baby 's room , but that diaper pail was approximately six years old , missing parts , and generally had been ridden hard and put up wet.The Dekor is brand-new , and we started having odor problems pretty much straight out of the box . Theoretically , I suppose it 's possible that we just have a smelly kid that we should farm out to weapons research , but I think it 's probably more likely that the Dekor is poorly engineered.On the other hand , I 've never been forced out of bed at 6:00 AM on a frantic search for the Lost Diaper Of Despair by any / other / product , so full credit for that . They may not have set out to create an olfactory alarm clock , but they may have an accidental hit on their hands.Anyway , on my pre-dawn perorations , I was unable to locate any free-range used diapers anywhere in the house . Furthermore , just the act of moving the Dekor to the garage and changing the bags left my hands smelling like something that vultures would adore . The cats wo n't leave me alone , and I suspect that the local feral dogs deeply want to get to know me better . As a result , I have to reluctantly conclude that this product is a pile of sh ... let me rephrase.Bluntly , the Dekor does nothing to seal in odors , nothing to neutralize them , and has made the Diaper Stank so awful that we are having to replace it within roughly 10 days of purchasing it . On that basis alone , we ca n't recommend it .
 We loved our Dekor for about the first 9-10 months , but now I ca n't stand it . It was great at first . I loved the ease and convenience of just throwing the dirty diaper in there . It holds a lot of diapers and refills last forever . In the beginning there was no smell . But now that my son is eating all solids and his diapers are stinky , it just does n't contain the odors anymore . Even after 1/2 a day or so sometimes I 'll have to change it . I 've found that the whole Dekor actually has an odor to it . I 've tried washing it and disinfecting but no luck . Right now , it 's in the backyard . I thought maybe some fresh air might help it . We 'll see . We may resort to just putting the stinky diapers in a plastic grocery bag and taking it outside -LRB- which is a pain since the baby 's room is upstairs -RRB- . I have n't tried any other disposal systems , but my friend has her genie outside too for the same reason .
 We had this diaper pail for 5 months and threw it out yesterday . We emptied it twice a week and wiped it down each time with a disinfecting cloth . My daughter 's room always smelled .
 We had a Diaper Champ for the first year of my sons life . It worked great ! Until he started eating solid foods . We finally went out for a replacement and had the Dekor for about 3 days before we took it back . My sons room STANK even after the first diaper ! We rechecked to make sure we had it set up right and then gave it a few days to see if the smell would clear . It got worse ! Newborn poop is n't nearly as stinky as poop from older babies on solid foods . If you want a diaper pail that will take you all the way to potty training - this is n't it . `` Pretty '' wo n't keep odors in and there certainly is n't anything else about this diaper pail that will ! We finally found the Neat Diaper Disposal System By Safety 1st and we do n't have any odors at all .
 Our first diaper disposal system had a part that broke so I decided to try this one . It is definitely easy to use , but my son 's whole room smelled like dirty diapers . The Safety First Neat Diaper Disposal system keeps his room odor free and is much better than this product . If you are looking for odor free , then this is not the product for you .
 I would give this product negative stars if I could . This was expensive and not worth it . It was very smelly . It is easy to use but that is a negative . My two boys find it very easy to get into . I now use it as an overpriced guest bathroom trash can . I have to be careful and make sure the door is closed to that room or the contents will be emptied by my boys . I have the Neat diaper disposal sysem now and I love it . You have to learn how to properly use it , but once you do , it is easy . My boys can not retrieve anything from it . Anyone who says the Dekor is great must have a new born or not use it fom BM diapers .
 I would not buy this item again or as a gift for anyone else . You definately ca n't put poopy diapers in this diaper disposal system and putting regular diapers in the pale only smells up the baby room . I was very disapointed in the diaper dekor . It is so not worth the money .
 beware , as your child ages , this system does not hide the odors . We have twins thus , two bins and the rooms that the bins are in STINK ! I am replacing them .
 The pro of this pail is that it is pretty and does n't look like a diaper pail . However , the primary reason I want a diaper pail in the first place is to contain the odor and this pail does n't do that -LRB- and the smell attracts flying insects , especially in the summer - yuck ! -RRB- . I should mention that I did n't let more than 2-3 diapers pile up before I felt I HAD to change the bag - that 's how much it started to smell . I finally gave up using the Dekor and have just been putting the dirty diapers in a plastic bag -LRB- each diaper in it 's own individual plastic bag -RRB- and putting it outside my door to take to the trash at day 's end . I am going to buy the Neat Diaper System by Safety 1st - the main selling point for me is other reviewers say there is absolutely no odor -LRB- unlike this pail and , some say , the Diaper Genie , too -RRB- . When you look at the cross section illustrations -LRB- showing how the pails work -RRB- of each system , it 's easy to see why the Dekor does such a poor job containing odors -LRB- the `` barriers '' are two flimsy trap doors that give way to the gaping bag of dirrty diapers - dirty diapers need a much more involved barrier than that ! -RRB- . The Genie and the Neat pails have much more `` involved '' barriers that look a lot more reliable.My recommendation is do not buy this pail if the idea of smelling dirty diapers is off-putting to you .
 The Dekor system is much more user-friendly than the Diaper Genie - which we used before - but it can not contain the odor . We love the foot-pedal action but will be going back to the Genie because of the smell . Wish we had read some of the previous reviews .
 I found the diaper dekor to be easy to use but it did not contain odor the way it claims . I had to remove the diapers every day and spray the entire thing with lysol just to decrease the odor . The refills do last a long time but to keep the odor down you do have remove the diapers often . I eventually threw it away and got a diaper champ which I love .
 I purchased the Diaper Dekor Plus before my baby was born . The first night home with my baby , I placed one dirty diaper in it . The next day I would have like to died when I walked into the room . The smell was horrible . I ca n't believe I paid extra money for this system . I read all the good reviews thinking I would get my money 's worth , but was I wrong . Now , I do not put dirty -LRB- poopy -RRB- diapers in it and there is still a smell . I think I am going to get one of the other diaper systems and give this one to someone without such a sensitive nose .
 After all the on-line reviews I read , I thought for sure this was the diaper disposal system for me . After just two days of use , the stench of urine in my daughter 's nursery was awful . I immediately boxed the item and returned it to the store where it was purchased . This system does n't even deserve one star ...
 We are preparing for our first child , and after so many great reviews we thought we might get this product . But after serious persistence from 1st time grandma , -LRB- lol , had to mention that as anyone knows how giddy grandparents can get . -RRB- Our local Walmart carries this same brand for 25 dollars , 4 free refills , and no waiting to be delivered . Extra credit for Mommy and Daddy that do their research .
 A friend reccomended this to me for our first baby . She said the pail had hardly any odor . I did n't realize at the time her kid is in childcare every day and leaves it 's poopies in another pail . Since my son is home most of the time his poops end up in the pail once or twice a day . I was just changing the bag every time but that is wasteful because you need to pull out extra bag every time to tie the ends . I have now been double bagging the poos and that seems to have solved my problem . Too bad my kids poo does n't smell like roses like I 'd hoped it would !
 I 'm so tired of my 19 month old dd 's room smelling like poop ! It was great before we started solids . Easy to use but it DOES NOT contain smell . I 'm getting the `` neat '' one that my friends have . It works
 My husband and I received the Diaper Dekor about 7-1/2 months ago as a baby shower gift and absolutely loved it . At first . It really is incredibly easy to use , refill , and empty . Also , a lot of people complain about the ` expensive ' refills but let me stress that the refills last a VERY long time . Our daughter is just under 8 months old and we have only gone through 2 boxes of refills , which -LRB- at $ 22/refill box -RRB- equates out to about 18 cents/day -LRB- $ 5.50 / month -RRB- . As far as keeping out odors , as far as we knew it worked great , but we have a breastfed baby , so that 's not saying much since her poopy diapers really did n't smell badly to begin with . We 've been able to get away with only emptying it out once a week with no problem . However , a few weeks ago , the problems started . As our daughter has steadily been increasing her solid food intake her diapers have obviously been getting smellier . As a result , we 've noticed that the Diaper Dekor does n't actually hold in smells as well as we originally thought . However , the odor still was n't too bad so we were still pretty happy with it . But then today , the trapdoor that you drop the diapers through broke ! Now one of the trapdoors is just hanging open and is not keeping in the odor at all and the whole nursery smells like poopy diaper . So , basically now all we have is a very expensive trash can . We just went out and bought the Neat diaper disposal system , and hopefully that will work better . Given the cost of this thing , we were quite disappointed that it did n't even last for 8 months.The other thing that concerns me that other parents have pointed out is this
 I thought this thing would be `` the bomb , '' and it was -- but in a bad way . The smell of my 16 month old 's poopy diapers is not well contained , the foot pedal does n't open the lid very far when it sits on a carpeted floor , and my daughter loves to open the lid and stuff her toys , shoes and anything else down in there when I 'm not looking . I would n't care about the expense , if I was happy with it 's performance -- but I would n't recommend it to others .
 Originally my husband and I really enjoyed this product . It seemed to hold in the smell and was very easy to use . Then one of the doors broke -LRB- only after having it 9 months -RRB- and it just could n't hold in the smell any more . I tried using a stick on freshener , but it just did n't do it for me.After talking with friends who also have babies they recommended the Diaper Champ . I have recently purchased one and love it ! You do n't have to buy special bags , just normal garbage will do -LRB- one of the other complaints of the Dekor is the bags are so expensive -RRB- , and now her room smells like a baby , not dirty diapers.Hope this helps !
 I am so very disappointed with this diaper system . At first -LRB- 3 weeks -RRB- it contained the smells wonderfully ... but not anymore ! My daughter is currently 5 weeks and I had to put the dekor out of the house - AFTER changing the bags . I hope I do n't have to throw it out nad replace it with the diaper genie ... we should have done that from the start !
 Read the reviews and thought why not . Cost $ 40.00 and they could n't even give directions . -LRB- Not that it is difficult to figure out - just add diapers and wait for the smell -RRB- . The plastic insert absorbs odors and retains odors . So even when it is empty , the Dekor still smells . This could be because the odors seep out the big cracks on either side of the door . I tried to empty it every day , still smelled . I even went as far as to put the stinky diapers in smaller scented bags , spray Lysol on the bags , and THEN put the diaper in the Dekor ... still smelly . The whole thing is prety flimsy , and my son managed to stand up at it , and pinch his fingers in the top . When I went to kiss his little boo-boo - guess what smelled ! Not worth the price , I paid less for the Diaper Genie - and got less of an odor .
 I was surprised when I read the other reviews of the Diaper Dekor . I bought this after being unsatisfied with the Diaper Genie and although it is easy to use , it did not contain the odor at all . Even after 1 day of diapers , I found it hard to walk into my 11 month old son 's room because the smell was so bad . After returning this , I bought the Safety 1st diaper disposal system which contains the smell completely , but it does require 2 hands to use .
 I bought this because it had less steps than the Diaper Genie and it could be used as a regular trashcan later . It was a huge waste of money . My son is only 5 months old and I am already looking for a new diaper can . With only 1 or 2 `` dirty '' diapers the entire nursery smells.I have even dumped baby powder in it to try to keep the odor under control but that did n't work.The door that `` locks '' pops open when the bag is half way full . The bags are too thin to really hold anything so I have to put it in another bag just to empty it , for fear the bag will break . The Diaper Genie may be more trouble but it may just be worth it , the Diaper Dekor certainly is n't .
 I wrote a previous review on this about the stench . A lot of people say it 's great and has no smells but many of them have young kids . Remember , the older your baby gets , the worse the diaper pail stinks . I did want to ad that this diaper pail is horrible when babies get older . We had to put ours in the hall because one night my son -LRB- age 2 -RRB- got into the pail and pulled everything he could out ! It was terrible ! There is a foot pedal to open the lid but it can also be very easily lifted open by a toddler . Maybe an OK choice for an infant but watch out when they get older .
 We had to replace our Diaper Genie recently because the top had broken off . We decided to buy a Diaper Dekor . We thought it would be a great product due to the favorable reviews and the idea that you could use it as a trash can later . The cheaper refills was also a key selling point as we have a toddler who goes through a toddler film refill every week and a half.This is one of the worse baby products we have ever used . Even with diligent dumping and cleaning our daughter 's room smelled like a toilet ! We even stuck a couple of stick ups in the pail . Nothing helped . The people at our local Babies R Us store were generous enough to exchange the Dekor for a new Diaper Genie with the twist away feature -LRB- way easier than the old model -RRB- and poof no more skink!Maybe this product was meant for infants under 1 . I 'd given it no stars if it were an option .
 We have tried three diaper pails now and all three are horrible . I came online and the reviews for the Diaper Dekor and I was really excited that I may have found one that really works . This pail not only stinks after one day , my 14 month old loves to play with it . The top does not lock so any child can lift the lid up and play with the bag inside . I found three of his toys in it today when I emptied it . I am taking it back and hoping I can get my money back . I guess we will just be taking poopy diapers right to the garbage outside .
 Horrible ! Smells escape as soon as the lid is opened , even when nearly empty . We 've scrubbed and aired out the pail , but to no avail . Had to buy powder-scented tabs to throw in the plastic bag ... still did nothing . Definitely DO NOT recommend , this is a waste of space in the nursery !
 The Diaper Dekor is good for 1 child 1 year of age or less . Once the diapers get really smelly , the plastic bag is NOT thick enough to contain the smell . We switched to a Diaper Genie and solved the problem .
 I picked this one out because I felt that it looked the best out of all them , what a mistake that was . It does look pretty but I have to put each poopy diaper in a separate Albertson 's bag to keep the oder , hence a big waste.I do n't recommend this one at all . Very disappointed .
 Originally , I thought the Diaper Dekor was satisfactory . However , as my -LRB- now 18 month old -RRB- daughter grew , so did the odor of her diapers . The Diaper Dekor does a terrible job of containing the odor of diapers once a child starts eating solid foods . I have two other friends who purchased this disposal system , and they are of the same opinion.I do not recommend the Diaper Dekor !
 Mine broke the first week I had it . -LRB- One of the inner flap 's spring broke . -RRB- It does not contain odors very well.However , I do like the foot pedal for opening and it does hold a lot of diapers . I feel like I would have been better off with a regular trash can with a lid though .
 I started using this product when my son was about 6 months old , it was great at first but once he got older and his poops starting getting more stinky , the diaper dekor did not contain the smell ! It was horrible , my son 's room smelled like a garbage dump ! I changed the bag often and even deodorized the pail 2-3 times a week . I am not at all satisfied and will try a different one for my next baby .
 I really liked this product at first , looks cool , easy to use , etc. . However , once my baby became a toddler , my opinion quickly changed . He 's ALWAYS opening the lid and digging into it to grab used wipies . Yuck ! And he easily figured out how to open the front door . He then ripped the door completely off , and broke the hinge so it 's beyond repair . This was at 12 months of age . Also , it does n't really contain the smells all that well . I wish I 'd bought a diaper genie .
 Like the other reviewer , I too thought this was great for about a month . Once my infants diapers actually started to smell , The diaper dekor was horrible . There was a constant odor in the room and when you opened the lid , it was even worse . I 'm not impressed with the triple sealing lid at all .
 If you have any plans for your baby to either eat solid foods or to develop gross motor skills in the near future , then this product is NOT for you.The Diaper Dekor Plus worked adequately enough for the first 6 months , but once the baby started eating real food , this pail got STINKY . No matter how I clean/disinfect the inside of the Diaper Dekor the plastic still retains smells . When it is opened to let a new diaper in , the ghastly smells swarm out even more . We empty it and put a new bag in at least twice a week -LRB- and all our dirty diapers do n't even go in it -RRB- but it still REEKS.What 's worse is that now my cruising baby can easily open the lid & stick his hands down through the flaps . This is one of his favorite activities , though it backfires on him when he ca n't get his arm out.I called the company , -LRB- Regal Lager ? -RRB- to discuss the issue of a 12 month old being able to open the lid . I was hoping the newer model had some improvement on this . The customer service rep told me that of course he was able to open the lid because the lid had to open so the diapers could get in ! She said I should put the Diaper Dekor Plus up on a high shelf so the baby ca n't reach it . ?!!?! I 'll start using this product again just as soon as I construct that load bearing shelf in the nursery.Pass on this . I wish I had .
 My husband and I bought the Diaper Dekor Plus for our son after his Diaper Champ was simply not usable after 13 months -LRB- it stunk even if it was empty -RRB- . We have now had the Diaper Dekor for 2 months and I wish we still had the box to return it . It is no different than having an open trash can in your child 's room . I bought it after reading the reviews of all the systems and this one sounded like the best . Now I know what the thing holds and not very pleasant smells are involved , but even though we empty it daily and spray it with disinfectant his room smells like a farm . We should of just bought another Diaper Champ . I wish I could give this no stars , it is the worst baby product we have bought .
 I 'd give this zero stars if I could . I bought this product , as I had read quite a few reviews about it , claiming how good it was . But after a few months , I saw one of my girlfriends had gotten a Diaper Champ . I noticed that it keeps smell out just as well as the Diaper Dekor , but , it 's CHEAPER , and you do n't have to buy the stupid , expensive refills for it ! It uses any bag , and STILL keeps out the smell . I went through so many packages of refills for the Diaper Dekor , it was such a waste of money . The next day I went out and bought a Diaper Champ .
 We were very disappointed with this ! I registered for it because it had so many good reviews , but it was a waste ! After two or more diapers the room smells like soiled diapers ! It is easy to use , but if it does not cover up the odor , for me it is a waste !
 I am extremely disappointed with this product ... what a complete waste of money ! I originally had a diaper genie , however my son broke the top off of it and I decided to try the diaper dekor because it seemed a little easier to use . The design is a nice idea , but boy does this thing STINK !!! We change this every couple of days before it 's even full and it still stinks . I 've tried deodorizers , baking soda , lysol , etc and it still takes your breath away !! We never experienced any odor problems with the diaper genie ... I 'm kicking myself for wasting the money on this thing . I actually went out and bought another diaper genie because we could n't take the stench of the diaper dekor anymore . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste the money !!!!
 I researched diaper pails tirelessly before deciding on the Diaper Dekor Plus , primarily due to the raving reviews by my favorite book , Baby Bargains.The Diaper Dekor contained the smell of newborn diapers pretty well and I certainly appreciated its ease of use with foot pedal and easy pail emptying . I probably would have given it 4 stars pre-solid foods.Now that my daughter is one , the Diaper Dekor is practically useless in containing the smell . I put in one poopy diaper and immediately need to change the bag as it smells up my daughter 's room right away . Plus , the scent of the refills is not at all pleasant , even before mixed with dirty diapers . Add to that the fact that the unit itself retains odor -- it 's just stinky all around ... Despite the horrendous reviews on the Diaper Genie , I decided in desperation to give it a shot about a month ago -- and I am far more pleased with it . Yes , it is not as easy to use as the Diaper Dekor , but I would rather twist the top twice twice and have the smell completely contained -- since containing the smell is what a diaper pail claims to do . Plus , I 'm still using the Diaper Genie Stage 1 Infant Diaper refills that came with the unit -- so I bet I will only be happier when I get to the Stage 2 Toddler refills that are meant to contain the diaper smell of solid foods even more.Skip the Dekor , buy the Genie .
 I 've been using the Diaper Dekor Plus for over a year and a half . The old bags used to work perfectly , and the product deserved 5 stars then . But with the new bio-degradable bags the nursery stinks ... . I 'm on the market for a new product , the Diaper Dekor is going to the trash .
 We bought this diaper pail when our newest baby arrived . We had previously used a Diaper Genie , that we no longer had - it worked fine , but was expensive . We decided to buy the Diaper Dekor because of the Odor Free Guarantee . Do n't buy it . The guarantee or the pail!It stinks up the whole house with just one or two diapers in it . We have kept it in the garage , and also outside . Not convenient . Refills are expensive . And worse yet - my one year old can get DIRTY DIAPERS out of it through the top - or get the bag through the door in the front !!! Who designed this thing ????
 I bought this item after reading sucn good reviews . It worked fine until my now one year old daughter started eating solids . I used to have the pail next to the changing table in her room but could n't bare the smell anymore so now it 's stationed in our second bathroom . Six months ago I would have given this item a better review but if it ca n't handle extra load of food , it 's not worth getting a good review . Now I 'm hunting for a new diaper pail . What a waste of money this was .
 When I found out I was having twins I purchased the Diaper Dekor thinking that it could hold more diapers between changes and that it would save time . -LRB- So sorry I gave away my Diaper Genie -RRB- Well I was wrong . It does not hold significantly more diapers than the Diaper Genie and more importantly it does nothing to contain the odor from the diapers . We have to put it outside if we want to contain any of the poopie diaper smell . All in all it is a waste on money and the refills are quite expensie . Save your $ $ and buy the diaper genie !
 My son is 13 monthes old and up until this time i would have recommended this product to anyone . I even bought one as a shower gift . Since my son has started solid foods , it has been horrible . I have had to move it out of the babies room and into the hall . I have even started empting it everyday . Now that it is in the hall my living room smells . I keep this thing clean and frequently spray it with lysol . Up until this point I guess because my son was breastfeed and solids were n't his main source of food it was n't that bad . I have used a diaper genie before and found it a lot of effort but if it means no smell , i will get it . You ca n't but a price on having a freash smelling house .
 I bought this product because of the reviews I saw here . While the Diaper Dekor is very easy to use , my experience found that it does not keep the smell contained very well at all ! The diaper genie does a much better job with containing the smell and I can get the refill for the genie at most convenient stores near me . I 'm very disappointed with this product .
 I have owned my Diaper Dekor Plus for 25 months . In 2005 , I found glowing reports in the Wall Street Journal and most other places . It definitely is easy to use and the refills do last quite awhile , BUT ... the trapdoors have broken TWICE . I contacted Regal Lager a year ago and they sent a free replacement . That free replacement broke less than 6 months later . You ca n't expect it to contain the smell when the trapdoors are always broken ! This week , I contacted Regal Lager again and they said a replacement is $ 10 . I loved this pail until the trapdoors broke . Unfortunately , it looks like it is a common design flaw as I browse the reviews from the last year or so . I am an engineer and I do n't know what to say , except I am really annoyed that the product is not more durable . Regal Lager would do well to spend some time and money to engineer a more robust spring system , instead of relying on $ 10 replacement parts-especially since loyalty to diaper pails is so fickle ! Now I have to decide whether to spend $ 10 on another replacement , try to fix it myself , get a different pail or maybe none of the above . At what point is enough , enough ?!
 I 've owned my Diaper Dekor Plus for just under 2 years . At first , I thought it worked fine . It was easy to deal with , and easy to empty . The first liner that it came with lasted me 6 months -LRB- 1 baby - using newborn diapers through size 2 's -RRB- . However , the unit failed to control odors after about 9 months . Since then I 've had to hide it in various places of my home to keep the odor to a minimum . Definitely not convenient.The unit has one particularly fundamental flaw regarding odor control . Unlike the Diaper Champ which allows you to deposit a diaper without opening the container and letting odors escape , Diaper Dekor has no such provision . It has two `` trap doors '' that allow you to drop the diaper in easily , and then they are supposed to spring back into place . Still , no matter how quickly you drop that diaper in , and let the top lid fall closed , strong odors inevitably escape . Also , these `` trap doors '' are quite flimsy . The hinge on one of them recently broke so that the door no longer springs back into its closed position , thereby contributing to the odor problem . I inquired about a replacement from Regal Lager and they said I could purchase one for $ 10 . Instead I decided to purchase a new Diaper Champ , since I 've pretty much had it with this thing.Speaking of flimsy , there are two other flaws I 've experienced . Firstly , the plastic foot pedal has cracked and seems loose . It still works , but I have to wonder for how much longer.Also , the door on the bottom of the unit that enables you to cut off the bag and remove it does not close very tightly , once again contributing to a lack of odor control . The door is only held shut by a small plastic latch , leaving a significant gap for odors to escape.Overall , I have not been impressed with Diaper Dekor Plus . However , contrary to what some people say regarding the liner refills , that actually was never one of my bigger complaints . I did not find them cost-prohibitive at all , because you get 3 liners for $ 20 and I found that 3 liners will last me about 6 months of holding toddler-size diapers . In the 1 year 9 months that I 've owned this system , I 've only had to purchase refills twice . The only thing I did n't like about it was that I did find it inconvenient to have to purchase liners online -LRB- could n't find any local store that carried them -RRB- and wait for them to be shipped to me , especially when there is no indication of when you will reach the end of your last liner.Diaper Dekor is the only system I have used extensively , and I would not buy it again nor recommend it to anyone . I 'm hoping my Diaper Champ will serve me better .
 We bought this thinking that -LRB- mistakenly -RRB- it would be useful as a wastebasket later . Not only did a clip break -LRB- ca n't use the footpedal anymore -RRB- but today we went and bought a diaper genie . The smells from this are horrible . I spray with lysol , wipe with antibacterial wipes , used baking soda ; and switched to charcoal . Nothing seems to keep the odors in . I would advise EVERYONE to search for another product . Not recommended , it 's overpriced and does n't work .
 We have been using the Dekor Plus diaper Disposal System for approximately eight months . Our baby is now 20 months old . The longer I use this unit , the more I hate it . The foot pedel broke last week and the door and unit becomes detached when the bag is almost full . We bought the Dekor after we could not buy replacement bags for a larger Cosco unit we 've been using discontinued their model . The Cosco unit was superior . If you are over 4 ' tall , the Dekor Plus requires you to stoop over to place a diaper in it . We have already purchased four bag refills -LRB- three each -RRB- @ -LSB- $ $ -RSB- each not including tax/shipping . I 've had the expensive bags split , dumping the awful contents on the floor when changing the bag . I still have to use individual bag refills before I can toss it out in the trash . I 'm very disappointed in my -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- investment . After the unit has a half dozen soild diapers in it , it does not retain the bad oders much better than using a plastic grocery bag . It 'd be a lot cheaper too ! Too bad I did not have the option to give this unit `` 0 '' stars . It 's not worth the price . I want my money and my Cosco unit back ! I would never have bought this unit if I had read negative Amazon reviews . When I considered buying it , most of the buyers ' reviews liked the unit . After using it myself , I ca n't understand why it is ranked so highly . Maybe they just have n't used it long enough .
 Our Diaper Genie broke and we thought we 'd try this after reading the great reviews . Not only was the smell unbearable - I could n't stand to be in the baby 's room in the morning when the door had been shut all night - it 's not child proof ! Within days our 17 month old was opening the top and sticking his arm down into the dirty diapers before we could stop him . Then he figured out how to open the very easy turn lock for the bottom compartment . If your child a -RRB- does n't poop and b -RRB- is n't curious in the least , this is the product for you .
 I have owned two diaper genies ... which totally blocked the smell from escaping . I purchased the diaper dekor for my third child due to the great reviews , and the simple use . Yes , it is simple to use , however , it does not block the smell at all . This is the worst diaper pail I have ever used . The smell is horrific , and the refills are ridiculously overpriced.It is now used as a trash barrel in my house with a regular kitchen trash bag . Do not buy this for your diaper pail .
 Get the Diaper Genie Elite II , the one with a foot pedal . This one is gross . After you push down the pedal , there 's a piece of white plastic that you have to push down to put the diaper in = unsanitary over time . This system also stinks .
 After a year of use , I finally gave up on the bathroom trash can with a flip open lid that I used plastic shopping bags in because diaper smells had permeated the plastic . I then researched reviews on several diaper pails . It seems that as many people like a brand a whole lot dislike it . I finally went with Dekor due to the easy of use . It indeed it very easy to use and does n't require two hands , which is why it got two stars instead of one . However , it does not contain smells . Just one or two diapers and a horrible stench escapes the hatch when putting another in . Plus , when I open the bedroom door after my child 's nap , the whole room will stink . This is just not acceptable . I should n't have to change the bag daily . At least it can be used as a normal trash can , which is what I 'll be doing and trying another brand .
 This diaper pail does NOT keep odors in . We used it for less than a month than got rid of it . Yuck !
 This does not contain odors AT ALL . Even a diaper with just # 1 in it stinks up the whole upstairs of my house . I have to empty it constantly , which is a pain and very expensive -LRB- the bags are n't cheap and it 's hard to cut them off and tie them without wasting a lot of plastic -RRB- . I have a Diaper Genie II as well and love it . Nothing will contain really foul diaper odors completely , but the Diaper Genie II is the best I 've come across -LRB- and it 's super easy to use -RRB- .
 We have 16 month old twins and for the first few months it worked great ! Then about the time they turned 6 months I noticed an awful smell as soon as I entered their nursery . I 've tried everything from bleaching it to cleaning it with toilet bowl cleaner - nothing works . It stinks even if it 's empty ! Every time I drop a diaper in it I get nauseous from the smell . I 'm really disappointed in it and would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I have 4 kids 5 and under and this is my third diaper disposal system . I switched from the Diaper Genie two because I thought the refills would be a little cheaper and with two in diapers , I 'm all about cheap . After 3 months of trying to pretend it was working , I 'm going to have to end this relationship . It just stinks , folks . Even with an air freshener in the container , my whole bathroom and room smells like dirty diapers . I am smelling them in my sleep . I can not figure out how this pail is any different than a regular trashcan with a foot petal . Bottom line is , it 's not . The Diaper Genie contained the smell AND I was able to shove in way more diapers . I 'm sad I wasted my money on this . And I hate admitting I 'm wrong . But this product is goin ' in the garage sale !
 The Diaper Dekor Plus stinks , literally and figuratively . I had a friend who liked it so I bought one w/o reading reviews ... bad move . Well , I still have n't read the reviews , but I am writing this one . IT will be short - this diaper stink containment system DOES NOT WORK . After a few days , the babies room smells like a dirty diaper . The refill does not indicate when it is nearing the end , so when it does , you open the Dekor and all the diapers are falling all over , not nicely contained in a bag , like they should be , ready to be tied off . This product looks great in theory , but in my experience , does n't work .
 The only reason I gave this diaper pail 1 star is not only because you have too but I will admit that it is extremely easy to use one handed IF its not too full . It does n't even have to be full to not work properly because the trap door on the front needs alot of room open down into the bag.I unfortunately are one of those people that does not handle smells easily . So , for the past 2 years we have had 2 diaper pails . 1 for peepee and one for pooh diapers . We keep the pooh pail outside the house in a back room so we dont have to smell it daily . We have a 2yr old and a 1yr old and until recently we had a diaper genie . We have had this setup for 2 years and never had a problem until the genie broke and we had to get a new one unfortunately I listened to someone who recommended this pail . The smell is outrageous ! The way the trap door works it does n't seal the bag away when the lid is closed it 's just a flimsy little floating piece of plastic . Since we keep our pooh pail out of the house the first time I went to empty this pail it was full of bugs . They were everywhere . Not only do you have to contend with the smell but hundreds of bugs on top of that . This NEVER happened once in 2 years with the diaper genie . I am defintely going back and not pretty sure I will never take advice from that person again .
 This is the absolutely worst diaper waste system I 've ever encountered !! My little one was 2 months premature ... needless to say , the diaper `` do '' was at an extreme minimum . Even with about 5-6 diapers in the pail , it still smelled horrible . I had to put the entire thing in the garage -LRB- abou 100 yards from the house -RRB- in order to get rid of the smell.If you can , designate a pail in the garage or outside of the house somehow for your dirty diapers . I 'm relegated to putting them into a Ziploc and bringing them to the garage when I have a chance.Pretty disgusting , yes , but better then the stentch that came from this `` product '' . Also , the replacement bags are only available -LRB- at least where I am -RRB- at BabiesRUs and we do n't have one here so I had to order on-line , etc.One positive - and the ONLY reason for the 1 star - is the design . If the makers of this could figure out how to keep the smell in the pail itself , it would be a wonderful thing . The way the bag is continuous , etc. is great . Too bad it smells !! If anyone wants it , it 's your 's for the taking !!!
 I am so disappointed in this product , I will admit it 's easy to use by using the foot pedal to open the top ; but my house smells like dirty diapers !! I had the same Diaper Genie for 4 years and with the birth of the most recent babies thought it was time for a fresh diaper pale . I saw the convenient design of the Diaper Dekor and purchased 2 , what a mistake . The bags are not scented and it is no way near air tight so it makes the room/house smell like soiled diapers . Might as well use a trash can .
 I bought this for my first baby and at first it was great . When the diapers are not that stinky , the dekor is a good diaper pail . When you start to give your baby food and the diapers begin to smell , then the dekor starts to smell . You could walk into her room and it was awful . -LRB- and yes , I would change the dekor often -RRB- Which was another issue - having to purchase their refills got to be pretty pricey . We just had our second daughter 2 months ago and we had to get a different one - we could not even wash the smell out of the diaper dekor - we threw it in the trash . : o -LRB-
 It is good for new born mess , but once the little ones start to really start filling their diaper it stinks . We loved it at first then when our little girls diapers started to fill up it really started to stink
 I 've used the Diaper Dekor since the birth of my now 7-month-old daughter and I loved it to begin with . Very easy one-hand use -- step on the pedal , drop the diaper through the flap , very easy to tie off a bag when it became full . In the beginning , it handled odors well too ; even smelly diapers did n't cause problems . But as soon as I started feeding solid foods , things changed . It proved completely incapable of containing the ghastly stench of those diapers . My daughter 's room is at the top of our stairs , and the stench did n't just fill the room , it flowed out her door and down the stairwell , so we were treated to a powerful whiff every time we walked upstairs . I took to leaving her window open and the fan on to air out the room during the day and emptying the pail before bedtime at night in order to prevent it from stinking up the house . That lasted a week -- I just bought a new pail -LRB- a Diaper Genie 2 -RRB- and I hope that works better .
 We had the Diaper Dekor Plus and it seems that I 'm the only reviewer here so far that has had a terrible problem with it having a bad smell . The first couple of months were n't bad , but after about 3 months or so , it really started to smell bad . This horrid smell only got worse with use as time went on.We tried everything we could think of to get rid of the smell-letting it `` air out '' outside , cleaning it with bleach or some other cleaning solution , putting baking soda in the bottom of the liner and even leaving a small box of baking soda inside the can but outside the liner , letting it soak in a bathtub of soap and water ... we even bought some scented disc type things -LRB- can be purchased at Babies R Us -RRB- that you can put in the bottom and it only made the smell worse.We continued to use it , but frequently had to let it air out or spray it with Lysol or something . Eventually we used it less and less , and we just threw it away when we moved to a new home a few weeks ago-we 'd had it for almost 2 years . We knew there was no way anyone else would want to use it with that smell and knowing they could n't get rid of it . It was a real shame because aside from the smell , it was a great product .
 These are cute , but they fade very quickly because the material is so thin . I already had the valance and that was so nice that I thought these would be the same quality . They are not . I never would have bought them if I had seen the quality first . They are much too expensive for the poor quality.My advice is the buy the valance -LRB- topper -RRB- and then plain colored drapes that are a thicker , better-quality material .
 This pump contains BPA and has been discontinued . There are plenty of other pumps that are not made with BPA . Evenflo -LRB- and other companies , too -RRB- is remaking everything BPA free , so look at others instead of this one !!!
 Item worked well at first.We planned well in advance so by the time this really got used the 90 day warranty had expired . After less than a month of regular usage the pump motor started to go bad , now it hardly pumps at all and when it does the motor really labors.Kind of a pisser when a $ 140 item turns out to be a lemon.One star because it DID work well at first .
 Bought this for my wife in August . It worked ok for a few months and conked out in 6 months . The warranty is 90 days-in other words , do n't expect it to work for much longer and sure enough , the motor dies in 6 months !!! A Medela might cost twice as much , but it has a better warranty and last longer-we have friends that have used Medela for over a year and a half without any issues . Save your money , spend more on a Medela !!!! Too bad I could n't give it zero stars !!
 I regret buying this pump . I would highly recommend only buying a Medela pump . As a working mom , I rely on this pump for daily pumping several times of day and this pump can not handle it . I 've been using it for less than 7 months now and I 've had two horns break and thought the pump was broken since it kept dying out . After speaking with Evenflo support and getting a replacement pump , I realized it 's just a defect in the pump . I now see lots of reviewers complaining of this issue . With my first child I used a previously used Medela pump that was handed down to me after my sister-in-law used it for her 3 kids . I did n't have any problems and I pumped for 10 months . Working mom 's do n't need to deal with the additional stress of a pump not working properly .
 We purchased this set almost one year ago . While the rest of the set is fantastic the pillow is small and continues to tear on a regular basis with very light use . The pillow rips on the fine white gauzy block which makes it hard to fix/sew . I would recommend a solid coordinating pillow!The white alphabet sheet that comes with the set is also small for our matress - which I think is standard size . We were not able to purchase additional white sheets as they do not make them but , did get the blue plaid sheets and they are fine . Overall it looks great and we have enjoyed the set over the course of this past year !
 When washed per instructions falls apart . The white pieces of fabric are woven and not sewn well . Only one wash to fall apart . Looks great online , does n't last .
 After several increasingly painful weeks , we called Medela and were told that the kit is designed with different sized flanges . For $ 45 , Medela should pack all $ .10 of extra flanges so you can pick the right size that works for you . We were ignorant as to the sizing options -LRB- not for lack of attending classes or researching pumping -RRB- but just that * no one * ever talked about having different size flanges . There 's not even any indication on the box . You will have to find someone to `` fit '' you if end up getting abrasions on the nipple or -LRB- due to inadequate suction from poor sizing -RRB- a clogged duct .
 This product was not what I had been wanting to order and was labeled on the site as something different and was not able to be returned . I am not a happy customer .
 This rocker is badly designed and cheaply built . For example , it is very uncomfortable to get the baby in and out of it . More importantly , the front handle only holds as long as the hood is in place . If the hood gets out of its base , then the whole handle folds and detaches from the chair . This is extremely dangerous and it is very hard to understand how the guys at Maclaren missed this.Avoid .
 we got this as a baby boy gift and it was a real dissapointment . the liner is very flimsy - and doesnt even fit the basket properly - we are going to return it and get a better one .
 I have to say that this is not a very user friendly product at all . I took a chance buying it because I did n't see any reviews posted . Initially I had trouble loading the software because of the quicktime verison that I already had on the computer . Then I had troubles seeing the entire product because you have to set your computer screen at a higher resolution than we have . There are also mulitple windows that open when you open the program ... one window does n't even have anything in it ! It does n't come with a users manual and it 's difficult to add pictures or navigate through the software . I do n't recommend this at all .
 After reading the other review , I went against my better judgment and I took a chance on this software because I imagined the potential coolness of it . It was a -LSB- $ 30 -RSB- lesson . As someone who is fairly computer-savvy , I figured I would be able to figure this out pretty easily . I did n't have any trouble loading it onto my computer but was very disappointed with the product . You ca n't change the font size or type , you are limited to only a certain amount of space per line and it is n't easy to navigate from one page to another . What a rip-off . Run from this product . Get a traditional baby book until someone writes a decent electronic baby book -LRB- potential business idea ? -RRB-
 Sounds better than it is . I was excited about my first child and went on a buying spree . This one is kinda a dud . Sounds nice , great ideas , but poorly designed . I could do better with a word processing program !
 Great idea , a digital baby book ... this company did a NOT so great job following through with the idea . I do not consider myself to be a computer whiz by any means , but this program is so simple , I feel as if I could have written it ! There are not nearly as many features as I had hoped . In fact , you can head to the homepage for this program and take a ` tour ' of the program itself . I thought this was a preview of the software , and only included SOME of its many features . Well , take a good look , because every feature is included in this tour and that 's all you get ! I wanted something I could customize to my personal taste as far as back drops , and headings for the tabs . I wanted to be able to include things from my pregnancy , as well as childhood information . If you are looking for a true keepsake , certainly do NOT spend your money here . Invest in a traditional baby book , since there are so many different types , you 're bound to find one you 'll enjoy more than this ! I agree with another review , this is a great potential business idea , but It 's My Baby Journal , is a failure at acting on the idea . In addition to the poor quality , I ordered this software directly from the company . I waited on it for over a month for nothing ! Poor quality and poor service !
 I 've had these bottles for 6 months and they work OK except for one major flaw . The vent system does n't work well . To get air to flow into the bottle , you frequently have to loosen the cap and this can lead to a messy leak . Dr Brown makes bottles that are BPA free , cost much less , and do n't have venting issues .
 These bottles worked great at first . I primarily breastfed my baby , but used these for times that I needed to bottle feed . My baby did great going from breast to bottle - never had any problems . The valve seemed to help with eliminating gas - never had colic issues are anything like that . However , lately I have had a lot of problems with my plastic Born Free bottle leaking . It 's fine while my baby is drinking out of it , but as soon as I tip it upright , milk starts leaking down the side . I made terrycloth `` sleeves '' out of old towels to handle the mess because we 're nearing the end of bottle feeding and I do n't want to buy anything new . I did n't have this problem at first , so it might be something with the valve inside -LRB- I read somewhere that the bottle can leak if the valve slit gets torn and it looks like mine is -RRB- . I used to have a glass version of this bottle and I do n't remember having problems with that one , but it may have been prior to the problems I 've had with the plastic one -LRB- again ... probably a valve issue -RRB- . Buyer beware . Most plastic bottles are now BPA free and there are other glass options . I do n't think I 'd buy these again .
 I really do n't recommend these bottles . They leak and it drives me crazy !!!! Hopefully you can find something better .
 My baby is seven weeks old and my experience so far is with nursing , nursing with a supplemental nursing system , and feeding with Dr Brown 's and Born Free bottles . Whereas the Dr Brown 's bottles mimic nursing in the nipple latch , the baby 's suck , and the nursing action , the Born Free replicates none of these qualities.The Born Free nipple graduates too severely to the wide mouth so it 's hard for baby to get a good , ie similar to nursing , latch with flared lips and suction all around . It also prevents jaw motion during sucking which I was taught is a strong suck and `` good form '' when nursing . To make matters worse , sucking creates a vacuum inside the bottle so baby releases her latch every five sucks and has to then get back on the nipple . It 's a lot of work for her ! She hates it and refuses the bottle when she has only eaten half her dinner . They claim specifically that the widget under the nipple prevents a vacuum in the bottle but that is not my experience.An additional worry is that , when tipping the bottle from upright into feeding position , the ball shape on the tip of the nipple captures air bubbles that ca n't be shaken or tapped loose so baby ingests them.There is a difference between spitting up and throwing up . With the Dr Brown 's bottles there is none of this nonsense with the latch and suck , she goes right through two ounces before stopping for a burp and then plows through 2 more , and there is very little spitting up . With the Born Free she stops eating every five sucks to release the vacuum , refuses the bottle after 2oz , and then throws up -LRB- not spits up -- * throws * up -RRB- most of what I did get in her.I gave two stars because , in theory , I believe in availability of bisphenol-A-free plastic bottles over bottles containing BPA and I like the shape of the bottle -LRB- easy to hold -RRB- . All babies are different and maybe yours wo n't encounter these problems . After all , these bottles had to make it through R&D ; so somebody must like them ! But there is just not one thing about them that works for me/us .
 I did not have any leaking problems with these bottles as long as I used the valves and nippleas they provide . The problems started when I wanted to replace valves and I ca n't buy them and I do not get any reply to the messages I send to their customer service . I started to use Avent nipples with the bottles and it is leaking while I shake the bottle to mix the formula . While the baby is feeding , there is very little leak.Born Free would have a great product if theie customers service would be more helpful and if they would use Avent type nipples . I do n't understand why they wo n't sell parts .
 I felt a little trapped into buying these since there are not that many BPA free options . I quickly figured out that they leak really badly unless you buy the inserts . Bottles that leak are miserable as the last thing you want to be doing - while exhausted at 3:00 am is dealing with leaky bottles . Gets all over the baby and then you have to change them , waking everyone up more ... . miserable . They worked fine for me after I figured that out but that is not acceptable for such an expensive bottle . I also am annoyed to have to clean the extra parts for absolutely no extra benefit . Very dissappointed . I used Avent bottles for my first and if they had a BPA free option I would do that first . Maybe they will soon !
 what is going on here ? this bottle is expensive and therefore needs to work properly . first it leaks unless you are prepared to really tighten it like a plumber would . second , the valve `` system '' does n't really do anything . there are many other bottles that are much better . i got my money back but this is a waste of parents valuable time !
 I have several different bottles and sippy cups that are BPA free . I will not buy Born Free again . It works just fine but there are just too many piece to put together . My husband gave it to the baby wrong mulitiple times because he did n't realize that you needed the base , the nipple , plus 2 other pieces that go inside the bottle . I opt for Thinkbaby instead . It only has a bottle and nipple but it 's still BPA free
 Way too many parts to these bottles , and all need to be handwashed . Lots of bottles are BPA-free now and all the ones we tried were easier to use than these . We ended up using Medela bottles because it was easy to work with the breast pump parts .
 bottle is too expensive . The venting system is also useless . The flow of the nipple is way too fast as my daughter has choked several times while feeding from this bottle.Dr.Brown 's bottles are a much better product and are much less expensive than the Born Free .
 I wish I had believed the negative review before I purchased these bottles . Their venting system is not good . I can see lots of bubbles come out when my baby takes his milk . The worst part is when I first screw the nipple on , and test the milk flow , the milk will actually gush straight out , which could potentially choke my baby . I have to unscrew them , and then tight the top part again . Do it at least three times . You can imagine there is no fun doing this with a hungry baby in your arms crying for food . In fact , my baby got mad so many times with these bottles that I have to stop using them . Dr. Brown is way way better , although it is not BPA free . I am not sure about BPA part , but I am sure my baby does not like these `` Born free '' bottles .
 They do n't leach , but they could be melting into your baby 's food.These bottles developed hot spot bubbles in the plastic that looked as if it had been set up against a hot pot and were worse inside . This was a result of just microwaving ! I do n't get it . I did switch to glass but an additional complaint is that when the nipples get warm -LRB- from the milk , not heated with bottle -RRB- they get so soft that the milk shoots like a fire hose . If I 'm lucky enough to get it in her mouth before spraying her , she is nearly drowning . The sippy cup is the worse , she has an easier time drinking out of an adult cup .
 I 've had these bottles for almost a year now and know everything about them . - They are solidly constructed of good materials and last - They are annoying clean because they have five parts and are difficult to disassemble . - They are annoying to assemble because they have five parts , and if you do n't take care putting the bottle together just so ... - They LEAK!If you do n't get everything * just right * then the bottles LEAK . They leak upside down on the baby , right side up to leave rings on tables , and in general are just a total mess . Just think of how often you 're going to be holding the baby in one hand and trying to assemble the bottle with the other hand , at 2am in the dark of night , with no sleep for the past week .
 I sterilized these in the Medela bags as I have sterilized other bottles and they melted together ! To add insult to injury when I returned the bottles to Born Free with my receipt and address , I have to date never received a response . I 'm glad to see there are other pba free bottles for more choice .
 These bottles were my emergency ones as I planned on breastfeeding . Unfortunately due to health problems I had to temporarily switch to bottle . It was a great disappointment when the bottles simply did n't work , as my precious breast milk started leaking away when the bottle was turned up side down and back ! We thought , perhaps a faulty one came our way and gave a try to the second from the two-pack . Same result
 Have used Born Free bottles in the past and were always well pleased . These bottles purchased from Amazon are not of great quality , three of the six nipples that came with the bottles did not have holes in them . What a disappointment for Mom and baby .
 I have many Born-Free bottles and after one year , I 've noticed that over half of them -LRB- about 7-8 bottles -RRB- have started leaking . When I took the bottle apart to find the cause , I noticed that the rubber part of the ventilation system was torn . I 've always carefully washed the bottles with a bottle brush after soaking them . I knew that it was n't from mishandling them . I called Born-Free and they told me that it 's common for that to happen after a year and that they could send me a one-time replacement of two vents , but I would have to pay the shipping and handling . Really ? For a $ 10 bottle ? I told them that for $ 10 I would expect to be buying a quality bottle and that I 'll be buying a 3 pack of Dr. Brown 's BPA Free bottles for $ 10 instead of paying $ 6.99 for each 2 pack of replacement vents . At the time that I had my daughter , Born-Free was the only BPA free bottle with a ventilation system and I feel that they took advantage of that with concerned parents .
 I bought these bottles , along with glass ones to get away from ones with BPA . I love using the glass bottles , but I thought these would be easier when I am out , as they are lighter to carry in the diaper bag . They are terrible ! They leak constantly , yet I keep trying to use them and tighten all the parts . The nipples also collapse . In all , an expensive item that is not worth anything .
 1 -RRB- The valve system is absolutely ridiculous . Our baby became very fussy because of colic after we switched to these bottles .2 -RRB- The price is expensive . I would not mind the price if the bottle were as described , but it 's the worst bottle we 've used so far -LRB- and we have used quite a few -RRB- . Think twice before buying these bottles . Do n't make your baby suffer .
 Awful . The people that are saying these dont leak are talking about the bottle itself not leaking from the neck , us with older babies that hold their bottle and throw an shake and hold upside down -- these are the worst . Like a faucet dripping . Ill stick to my $ 5 nuby no drips
 Not to good for infants : -LRB- good for 6 months up :-LRB- to many pieces to wash and it leaks : -LRB-
 These bottles are not much different from any other bottles out there . After using them for some time I have to say that I spend more time cleaning them than using . What parent has time for it ? If the insert is not put in place tightly , there surely will be leakage . You ca n't use these bottles without the venting system . If a child is really hungry , there is no way to warm these bottles under hot water ; it will take forever ! I totally agree with other parents who mentioned that these bottles are overrated . If you are just thinking of buying them , get something cheaper and with less parts . These are not worth spending that much .
 Ok , I just brought the born free BPA-free plastic bottles and I made sure that the slit was open before feeding , that there was no space between the venting system , and that it was over tightening the nipple and I was very disappointed & irritated that the bottle did leak !! whats going on !!
 I registered for these bottles because everyone raves about them however I too , found that the nipples collapse AND I have had so much leakage around the white ring that holds the nipple in place while feeding my son . I thing they are highly overrated and expensive when there are so many other less expensive BPA free bottles on the market now .
 I 've been using born free bottles -LRB- glass and plastic -RRB- for 8 months now . When I first started , I noticed that the nipples would collapse at every feeding . I emailed the born free customer service and they told me that the silicone venting slit can stick together when sterilized . They recommended that I massage open the slit when putting the bottle together . This worked 50 % of the time . When the bottle collapsed during feeding , I would have to unscrew the bottle and let air enter . After using them for some time , the nipples no longer collapsed but the bottles started leaking . It seems to me that the silicone venting system needs to be replaced every few months . I bought new silicone vents and they 're not leaking now . I 'm not going to buy another brand because I already invested so much money in these bottles . If I had to choose again , I would not buy born free again .
 I am very disappointed in these bottles . After reading reviews , they seemed like the best option for BPA free bottles . At first they worked ok with my newborn , but after less than 2 weeks nearly every nipple collapses during feedings , and my baby keeps on sucking in more air - you can actually hear her sucking in air . She gets very gassy and uncomfortable after feedings and I blame it mainly on these bottles and nipples . I switched to the new Dr. Browns BPA free bottles and they seem so be working great so far -- AND they are not as expensive as the Born Free . Some people seem to love the Born Free bottles , just did n't work for us . Good luck !!
 I bought these Born Free bottles and nipples , switching away from Avent , mainly b/c of they are bpa-free . The Born Free bottles and nipples are so diappointing in every way . First of all , they are harder to clean -LRB- extra 2 piece valve -RRB- . The bottles leak from the screw on neck . The nipples collapse consistently . Nothing could be more frustrating than dealing with these product issues when you have a hungry baby to feed . Finally , I switched back to the Avent nipples which work on these bottles . If you do buy this product , DO N'T invest in the nipples - just use Avent nipples . I am sorry I invested so much $ $ in this system . . and would just like to warn others on the disappinting performance .
 My wife bought a bunch because they were -LRB- for a time -RRB- the only BPA-free bottles she found -LRB- frankly did n't look that hard -RRB- They are decent bottles yes , but there is this extra pair of pieces which you have to assemble . I do n't see that they do anything for reducing swallowed air or anything else , but they 're fidgety and just extra pieces to clean.It might not sound so bad but it more than doubles the amount of work to fill a bottle , and at 3 AM when you have a screaming baby , you do n't want to be diddling around with the extra pieces.BE WARNED - Replacement nipples are $ 7.50 a pair and they last only a month or two before they need to be replaced -LRB- The holes enlarge and let too much flow out -RRB- There are MUCH CHEAPER and simpler / better designed bottles out there - you just have to look.The sippy cups are another story entirely . They are a disaster .
 My mother-in-law got us these bottles because of the safety factor of the plastic . But you parents know how it is when you wake up at 3am and have to assemble a bottle with eyes half sleeping and clumsy fumbling fingers while the baby is crying in the background.If you do n't get this rediculous gas chamber rubber sealed completely perfectly against the plastic insert that makes their bottles reduce gas bubbles , it will leak like crazy out the rim of the screw on round ring that goes on the neck of the bottle . But it does n't leak right away . It starts leaking after the baby sucks for a minute and changes the pressure in the bottle . So this leaking hits you just about the time you start dozing off with the bottle in your hand . The result is milk all over your hand and having to now change the baby 's clothes too . We actually resorted for a while to having a handtowel on the baby 's chest to catch the milk that came out almost every time . It was like part of getting a bottle ready to get a towel with it.We switched back to Avent . Our older son grew up on them and does n't seem to have turned into an alien yet from the dangerous plastic . My husband is a doctor and I 'm a math instructor and we struggle to get this bottle to work right . I do n't think a baby bottle should be this complicated . It also makes it a challenge for the day care lady too . She was thrilled when we stopped sending these Born Free bottles in the diaper bag and switched back to regular Avent bottles . I think they are playing off the fears of parents with this BPA free thing . Face it , your kids are going to be putting far worse things into their system as soon as they start eating any processed food .
 These bottles , which are obviously selling well because of the Bisphenol-A issues , leak like crazy . All you have to do is tip the bottle sideways and the milk comes gushing out like crazy . Makes a huge and annoying sticky mess . My advice , if you must absolutely have these , is to use the Avent nipples on these bottles . They fit and they do n't leak at all , even upside-down . The silicone nipple is not implicated in the Bisphenol problems . The Born Free bottles also have a silicone gasket and a plastic insert , making cleaning and filling the bottles very frustrating and unnecessarily complex . I am hoping someone else comes up with a better BSA-free bottle because these are just not working for me .
 With my first child I used Avent bottles , but decided to go with Born Free for the second . I was holding a grudge against Avent as I purchased them in the past believing they were BPA free when they were n't . I wanted to support Born Free as Avent has been slow to jump on the BPA free bandwagon . Now that Avent does make a BPA free line I am letting the grudge go and switching back . My daughter has been using the Born Free bottles for the first three weeks of her life . She does n't seem to be able to latch on to the nipple very well . She makes a loud smacking sound with every suck which leads me to think she is taking in a lot of air . Now it seems she may be having some nipple confusion as she is having a tough time latching on while breastfeeding and is n't creating a good seal . She was doing fine , but it seems that the more bottles she gets , the tougher it is becoming for her to latch on to the breast . Also , the Avent bottles are smaller and more comfortable to feed with .
 I ordered these directly from the company and to their credit , they delivered them very quickly . However , my son would not change to the new nipple , so I followed their directions to return my order . I have emailed them twice and they are ignoring me . They have very poor customer service -- be aware !
 These bottles have a lot of parts and are cumbersome to use , clean and carry with you when traveling . They also break very easily and the company will not guarantee them for any length of time or replace them when they break . We had ours for a month and a half before the bottom shattered -LRB- after my son dropped it in the grocery store -RRB- and when I expressed my disappointment in the fact that they could not guarentee their product for any length of time , she suggested I go back to the chemical-laden brands .
 My baby dropped 3 of these bottle on the floor and they cracked open . For what they cost you would think they would be a little stonger . I e-mailed the mfg twice and still have had no response .
 I bought these after learning about the issues with BPA . We used Avent bottles and nipples before -LRB- which were loved by baby and Momma -RRB- . After taking nearly three weeks to even get these bottles delivered -LRB- ordered directly from Born Free -RRB- , I was immediately disappointed . They leaked like crazy . I swapped out the nipples with the Avent ones -LRB- which prevented the milk from squirting out of the BF nipples , but did nothing for the milk dribbling out the side -RRB- . My 11 month old son finally got fed up with milk dripping all over him that he 's started hurling them across the room . I got the hint and picked up some Nuby bottles from the store ... and all is well.Customer service from the company has been lacking as well.Total waste of money . I love the review that said that they leak in every position but standing straight up ... because THAT 'S an effective way to feed a baby . Sheesh.I wish there was a way to just send them to the few people who 've reviewed them that claim they do n't leak !
 We were very happy with our Dr. Brown 's bottles . But we switched to Born Free after learning about the bisphenol-A scare . We used the BF bottles for 2 months with no problem but now the silicone vent is broken . The middle tip of the vent -LRB- the part that points downward -RRB- somehow has a slit in it . This makes the nipple collapse and frustrates the baby . So far , I can not find replacement vents . We 'll likely return to the Dr. Brown 's bottles . These were too expensive to break after only 2 months . I would not recommend these until the replacement parts become available .
 These bottles , which are obviously selling well because of the Bisphenol-A issues , leak like crazy . All you have to do is tip the bottle sideways and the milk comes gushing out like crazy . Makes a huge and annoying sticky mess . My advice , if you must absolutely have these , is to use the Avent nipples on these bottles . They fit and they do n't leak at all , even upside-down . The silicone nipple is not implicated in the Bisphenol problems . The Born Free bottles also have a silicone gasket and a plastic insert , making cleaning and filling the bottles very frustrating and unnecessarily complex . I am hoping someone else comes up with a better BSA-free bottle because these are just not working for me .
 I happily bought six of these bottles -LRB- four from Amazon and two from Whole Foods -RRB- , since i was looking for BPA-free bottles . The bottles morphed into unrecognizable white and crystallized blobs , one after the other -LRB- I stopped using them when this happened with the third one -RRB- . They all started out with a small white mark near the mouth of the bottle , and did the bizarre morphing thing soon afterwards . I had the bottles in the microwave sterilizer with both a Dr. Brown and an Avent bottle , neither one of which had any problems.I would love to post a photo of the blob because I am convinced that anything that could turn into THAT can not be good for my baby.The worst was that I could not get a response from the company . I wrote emails , I spoke to one of their customer service reps , wrote more emails ... and nothing came of any of it . I then reported to the Better Business Bureau in their region -LRB- Louisiana -RRB- , which wrote me back several weeks later to say that THEY had not gotten any response from the company either.My daughter is the most precious thing in the world to me ... would I trust her well-being to a company that produces a flawed product and THEN refuses to respond to legitimate concerns , even from the Better Business Bureau ? HECK , NO ! I would urge everyone to take care before buying this bottle .
 I happily bought six of the larger BornFree bottles from Amazon , since I was looking for BPA-free products . The bottles morphed into unrecognizable white and crystallized blobs , one after the other -LRB- I stopped using them when this happened with the third one -RRB- . They all started out with a small white mark near the mouth of the bottle , and did the bizarre morphing thing soon afterwards . I had the bottles in the microwave sterilizer with othrs -LRB- Dr. Brown and Avent -RRB- , none one of which had any problems.I 've posted two photos of the blob -LRB- near the top with other customer images -RRB- because I am convinced that anything that could turn into THAT can not be good for my baby . I would make the same case for any BornFree product.The worst was that I could not get a response from the company . I wrote emails , I spoke to one of their customer service reps , wrote more emails ... and nothing came of any of it . I then reported to the Better Business Bureau in their region -LRB- Louisiana -RRB- , which wrote me back several weeks later to say that THEY had not gotten any response from the company either.My daughter is the most precious thing in the world to me ... would I trust her well-being to a company that produces a flawed product and THEN refuses to respond to legitimate concerns , even from the Better Business Bureau ? HECK , NO ! I would urge everyone to take care before buying this bottle.Update
 We got all different kinds of BPA free bottles for our 6 months baby.and got this expensive one with fancy design venting system to give our baby a comfort and happy meal ... it turns out ... It is the worst design EVER !! ... as a fluid dynamic expert , I did n't see any point to make three pieces assembly to create tiny venting system . -LRB- the only reason I can think of ... is marketing purpose ... -RRB- to be more specific , after assembly , it create a small groove channel for air to come in while baby is sucking milk , however , you need to be very very careful to make sure all parts are absolutely `` DRY '' while assembly , otherwise , the water will be trapped in the venting groove channel , and capillary force will hold it and seal the whole bottle ... I actually tried to suck the bottle with `` wet '' assembly ... and need to try really really hard to fight the capillary force to get the water out and clear the vent . -LRB- you will learn how much your baby is suffering ... > < -RRB- besides that , when you put the cap on , you can not tight it too much ... otherwise it will seal even in dry condition ... . and not to mention when you need to shake your milk after heating up , or mixing formula ... basically everything you do could cause problem ... they should n't design such complicated thing to make our baby and parents suffer ... if you ever consider this bottle ... I strongly recommend to try something else better and cheaper...-Sean Lin , Ph.D. .
 I was very happy to initially find these -LRB- despite $ 10 price tag per bottle -- outrageous ! -RRB- . We bought 2 plastic ones , two glass ones , and several trainer/sippy cups . After a while , all bottles were leaking ! It does not leak all the time , but about 8 out of 10 . We always bring the bottles with a paper towel wrapped around the neck , because it 's almost certain it will leak . Hugely disappointing , and of course the customer service , as per other reviews , is terrible . They suggested we were overtightening the bottle , which we were not and continued to experiment with every combination of tightness , part combination , etc. . It 's very telling if ALL of their models leak , and alll 6 bottles -- obviously it 's not a one off case.I hope they have improved their design in the meantime . Luckily other choices are available now , and I am sure to stay away from these !
 My wife wanted these because they 're supposed to be the safest . They 're also expensive . The twin pack I saw in the store came with two vents -LRB- one for each bottle -RRB- but curiously the 3-pack came with only 1 vent . But you ca n't use the bottle without the vent . The vent sticks up a quarter inch above the rim of the bottle , so if you screw the nipple on without the vent it will leak.We were used to the Evenflo nipples with the integrated `` vent '' -LRB- two air-holes -RRB- so I forgot that if you took the BornFree vent out that it would also create a vacuum inside the bottle when baby sucks.Pros
 After researching baby products , this came to the top of my list as it is BPA free . I also liked the concept of reduced pressure in the bottle from the venting system.Sadly , these bottles leak ... a lot . They tell you not to tighten them too much or you lose the `` venting '' benefit . I 'm a big guy and I really have to crank them down to prevent leakage . Then , I notice that my 2 month old son can not seem to get milk out of them like he can from a standard no-frills Medela bottle . I tried them a month ago and thought to try them again . Leaking ... reduced milk flow , all the same problems.This is a very disappointing product . I love the BPA free concept but if you ca n't use the bottle , what 's the sense . It makes for a fancy storage container . The venting concept is also great ... if it actually worked .
 My baby dropped 3 of these bottle on the floor and they cracked open . For what they cost you would think they would be a little stonger . I e-mailed the mfg twice and still have had no response .
 I liked these bottles initially because of the design and being bpa-free . However , my baby could not nurse with them because the nipples are so soft that they kept collapsing , which caused all kinds of problems and frustrations for our baby and us . I am upset I spent so much money and could n't use them .
 We threw away all of our Dr. Brown bottles because of the BPA problem announced on the Baby Bargains website and swtiched to these at their suggestion.These bottles are a big step down from Dr. Browns in every way except for the BPA-free feature . There are more air bubbles , they are wider than the standard size Dr. Brown bottles which makes it difficult for my baby to hold them , they are harder to clean , and for us the biggest problem has been that the nipples collapse all the time . This is frustrating because nipple-collapse avoidance is mentioned in most of their on-line product descriptions!My son hates these bottles . He 's developed a gas problem he never used to have and cries during feedings when the nipple collapses . I 'm about to invest yet again in a new set of BPA-free bottles . Wish me luck .
 I have never reviewed before on Amazon but felt that I needed to review this product b/c I am really unhappy with the quality and what you get for the high price . Please take this into consideration.I wanted BPA free bottles and decided to register for these . At first they seemed okay but then they started to leak . I already threw one bottle out and realized that the others are leaking too . At first I thought the actual bottle was leaking but now I believe it is the seal between the screw on part , vent , and bottle and I do make sure everything is tight . I am tired of the rings around the bottle when I pick it up . I have to clean my coffee table and desk after using this bottle and am not happy that formula is getting on the wood surface.For the price of the bottle , I should n't have to put something under it before setting it on the table or use another brand 's nipple . I am going to try Playtex . They are BPA free and cheaper even though you have to buy the liner-they are BPA free too .
 I have been using these bottles for the past 18 months . We had 3 glass bottles , 2 of them cracked in the milk warmer machine , the third one is still good and not leaking.Then I bought 4 more plastic bottles , 2 from Target and 2 from the local grocery store . All these 4 bottles leak right now . The 2 from target started leaking after one month of usage , the other two right away . I feed the baby and then I stop half-way through and I put the bottle down on the coffee table/couch and the next time I pick it up there is milk everywhere around the bottle . I opened the cap and there is milk inside the cap , between the thread lines . These will be the last bottles I buy from this company .
 i thought they were glass when i ordered them.if you want plastic , disregard my rating bec i did not use them
 The only reason we got this is for BPA free . It is complicated with many parts to clean . It does not vent when you screw the nipple on too tight . However if you let it loose , it leaks !!! We think we are pretty good at fixed things , but these are hard to use compare to Advant bottles.It will take Advent nipples , but it will leaks too . However Advent nipples vents much better . If only Avant makes BPA free bottle , we will swiych back in a second . It did not get one start becasue of the BPA : -LRB-
 I just got this bottle because they are BPA free , my son like his milk warm . The problem I have is that the nipples collapse all the time , I use th Y nipple . I love the Avent bottle ant now they have BPA free bottles that you can combine with your old nipples . BornFree nipples are very expensive . I have tried everything and I think Avent is just the best . Dr. Browns are difficult to clean and time consuming to assemble . Avent is simple , nipples never collapse , and those who say that they leak it 's because they are not closing it properly . Mine have never leaked . I also was very disappointed because I bought a 9oz three pack and when I got them there was only one vent valve included for 3 bottles . I have a coupon to get the other 2 vent systems for `` free '' . Why would they not include it in the package ? I have been at the store to redeem the coupon and they are always out .
 I bought these bottles to replace our Avent bottles , due to BPA concerns . These bottles are ok , but I like Dr. Brown 's better . I use a Medela breast pump and the Born-Free bottles , like the Avent bottles , do not fit on the pump . The Dr. Brown 's bottles do fit the Medela pump connectors . Like other reviewers have stated , the nipples on these bottles collapses and there are extra parts that seem useless , just more stuff to clean . It is easier for my son to hold the Dr. Brown 's bottles also . I would not recommend these , there are far better bottles out there , we also use Momo glass bottles , and I am very pleased with them .
 I bought these bottles for my newborn and initially found the vent system to be working but after 2 weeks all the vent systems on the 6 bottles we had stopped working simultaneously and the nipples were collapsing . I had to keep pulling the bottle away from my hungry baby to allow air in bottle . These suck . Do n't waste your money when other companies offer the same BPA free products for a fraction of the price . I returned these to Babies R ' Us for a credit and bought Playtex Drop-In system bottles -LRB- liners are BPA free -RRB- and they have been great . Gas my baby had been experiencing also seemed to decrease after switching as he is not sucking as hard .
 I was using Avent for my daughter until the whole BPA issue came up . . bought a couple of born free bottles . . Its the most expensive and they come only with stage 1 nipples . . the extra nipples are $ 7 a pack . . so over all we need to spend about $ 14 per bottle . After all this , the nipples start collapsing just around the 8 week mark and so have to be replaced . . They must be kidding ! I contacted their customer service and did not recieve a response . . well we finally ended up buying playtex nurser which is only 1/3 of the cost . . I switched and my daughter is doing fine . . so , I would say think twice before investing in this bottle !
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! These bottles are HORRIBLE ! The Level 3 nipple is so fast that my 8 month old son chokes on the liquid . I actually had to replace them with level 1 and the nipples collapse . I ordered the sippy cups for my 2yr . old - not realizing they are NOT SPILL PROOF - My son likes to play with the cup and now I have to worry about spills . $ 140 down the drain ! ***** If you want bottles w/out BPA just use Evenflo - these bottles do not contain BPA . I found this out AFTER I purchased & used the bottles .
 We bought a bunch of bottles and sippy cups from this company due to our concerns about the potentially harmful chemicals found in ordinary bottles . After less than two months many of the bottles have broken or are useless due to ripped nipples . If a toddler drops a full or partially full bottle/sippy , particularly from the height of being held by a standing adult , you can count on the bottle/sippy cracking open . Not only do the bottles crack easily , but the bottle nipples rip easily too . This makes the rest of the unit useless until you spend more money and time replacing the nipple . These bottles are probably fine for infants , but they have not endured the test of toddlers in my house . They do not demonstrate the durability of the standard plastic .
 My wife and I used these bottles for about 2 days and tossed them in the garbage . They might be BPA free , but that is really all that is good about them . The valve system for taking air our for colic does n't work well . The nipples are fragile and weak , the hole on the nipple kept getting bigger and bigger by the hour . STAY AWAY FROM THESE bottles , go with Adiri or Madela , you 'll be much happier !
 I have never used such a tempermental bottle before . Way too many pieces . Way to complex . Never flows consistently . My baby loves the Avent and hates these , even when using the Avent nipples on these -LRB- which do n't fit well -RRB- . I would never buy this or the trainer cup again .
 I purchased these training cups about a year ago when the spout had a `` Y '' shaped cut to allow the flow of liquid to pass through . They were the best cups for transitioning my son from a bottle to a sippy because of the soft spout and the slow flow of liquid . Recently the spouts on the 2 cups that I own became really worn out with one yellow spout turning black -LRB- at first i thought this was mold but I could not scrub/boil it off and realized it was the material itself changing color -RRB- and the blue spout finally being bitten through . I purchased replacement spouts only to find that the cut in the tip was now a horizontal slit instead of the Y cut . The material also seemed to be a lot firmer making the slit stay open instead of closing immediately once my son stopped sucking . This allowed for liquids to spill out easily and also for too much liquid to flow out while my son was drinking . After failing to find suitable replacement spouts I decided to call the manufacturer to see if they still made the Y cut spouts . I was told they do not make them any longer and that they had changed manufacturers for the spouts . When I asked if the materials were the same I was told they were . However I doubt this to be true since the old spouts were much more pliable . Overall the cup USE TO BE amazing but now with the new horizontal slitted spouts they are totally disappointing . They leak everywhere !
 The quality of the spouts is great , but I was unaware that when using these spouts the child can dump an entire cup of milk by simply turning the cup upside down . The liquid just pours out of the spout . I guess I didnt read the description well enough to understand this before I purchased them .
 I purchased those for my then 20 months old son who likes to chew on sippy cups spouts , thinking they were hard ones . They are not . The difference with the ones for younger kids is that those have an horizontal slit when the others have a `` y '' shape slit . They are also harder , but still soft enough to be chewed on . And they leak awfully ! My toddler shaked his sippy cup and juice went flying all over the carpet and his clothes ... I love Born Free bottles , but this is a disaster and I do n't recommend it ! ...
 This does not attach well to my Graco stroller . I paid $ 100 for it , was ignored by the seller when I tried to return it , and now I 'm stuck with a product I ca n't use .
 You could not get the seat in tight enough using the tether/anchor system . We tried everything , but it would n't work , so we returned it and bought a different one , which we had no problems at all with .
 Do not buy Cosco Brand products . Their customer service lacks . The chest harness broke on our car seat over 6 weeks ago and they have yet to replace it even though their web site says receive within 7-10 business days . We are out a car seat and have to go buy another .
 We recently purchased this seat to replace our carseat that was damaged on a recent flight.I figued we would get a seat that would also be a belt possitioning booster so that we would n't need to buy another in just a short while.I have been using the seat for 3 weeks and will be returning it in the morning . The shoulder straps have come unhooked from the back of the seat twice ! Luckily both times we were n't driving yet . I put my daughter in , buckled and adjusted her . Got in the car myself and my daughter pointed out the strap was undone . not from the buckle , but it pulled all the way out from the seat . I had to take her out , take the seat out . Then rethread the shoulder strap . Quite a safety issue .
 I recently purchased this seat for my son . It takes forever to get the cover off to wash it . You have to unscrew a number of parts . The tether strap is a terrible design . You have to thread it through a certain way or it does n't hold . I have yet to figure the `` right '' way even following the pictures in the manual . Also the latch does not hold the seat as tight as I would like , but the seatbelt does .
 I bought this set for my baby that i am waiting for in April.I washed in once and all sintepon collapsed . -LRB- -LRB- Very pretty set , but horrible quality ...
 I thought this was a great idea at first when my daughter was first born . I was able to nurse her in the sling and carry her around the house doing chores while she slept . I love all the cute patterns and that its washable . But once she got bigger it killed my back and neck . I wish there was padding on the shoulder area for Mom . But if you have any neck/back/shoulder problems stay away.I wish I could have used it more .
 I have been using the feel N learns for my nearly 3 year old inorder to train her , from the time she was 6 months up until now she 's not been prone to diaper rash . I recently switched from mainly diapers and pullups once in a while to using pullups regularly . only to end up with the realization that she 'd gotten a rash from these particular pullups . I believe this is brought on due to the lack of air flow and the fact that toddlers tend to hold in their urine longer which makes it more concentrated when they pee -LRB- concentration = Harmful -RRB- and so it irritates the skin the liner holds it on to the skin , she 's not at the point where she regularly warns anyone to the fact that she 's gone to the bathroom . While the concept is nice I 'd say these are good for every once in a while use but definitely not 24 hour use .
 I think pull ups and easy ups are just a marketing ploy by the diaper companies to get our kids wearing diapers longer . They allow parents to feel like we are doing something to potty train without really doing anything . We bought these with the wetness liner to train our daughter . Did n't work . At just past 2 she was smart enough to know that it was just another diaper . Toddlers are smarter than we give them credit for . We used the whole box and then I switched her to real underwear . She had accidents for about a week and then realized that she had to get to the potty or get soaked . That was the end of potty training . The reason I gave this product 2 stars is because I do like them for car trips and a few other instances where getting to the potty quickly is going to be a problem .
 If there was an option to pick `` no stars '' for this item I would ! This has got to be the worst organizer made . On top of serving no purpose , Toys R Us AND the manufacturer are not willing to work with me in exchanging it for something functional ! The bins sit on 2 wooden poles per rack . There is no center support in each rack therefore when you load the bins ; they fall down onto the rack below and so on . It is very frustrating and it only sits in my son 's room to collect dust until I throw it out this weekend ! I highly recommend avoiding this organizer and manufacturer ! What a waste of money and energy !
 This organizer looks great , and I spent some serious money on it , but in the end it was disasterous . I use the wonderful laundry hamper part , but once you put anything in the bins they automatically fall down because there is nothing securing them in . This product is a total let down .
 I echo others ' sentiments that this seat is wobbly . We have an old , traditional shaped toilet & I do not feel comfortable allowing my daughter to sit by herself . Once when she did use it , urine escaped out the front between the seat and the potty . I thought that only happened with little boys !! Also , the seat I received was not as pictured . Instead of yellow ducks and a blue handle , my seat has dark orange ducks and a purple handle . I would have returned it , unfortunately my husband opened the package before I looked at it . One further criticism
 The seat is inexpensive and soft . Also easy to clean . But it has to be cleaned every time its used , as well as the regular toilet seat underneath . It leaves a ring of urine around the regular toilet seat almost every time . Cleaning the toilet a half dozen times a day is driving me crazy . Maybe if you have a girl , this would be an okay seat , but not for little boys , even when they `` point down '' as best they can.The bjorn seat is more expensive , but definitely worth it .
 I have now ordered this 3x and each time I am provided with one with orange ducks and a purple handle , instead of the pictured item of yellow ducks with a blue or white handle .
 I have had a number of potty seats over the years , in particular Mommy 's Helper Cushie Traveler , Disney soft potty seat , Munchkin Deluxe potty seat , Graco 's potty trainer , and my son was fine on all of them , as long as they were soft . With this particular one , he hates it , he says the built in splash guard is hurting him and he wo n't make on it . The other day we were using it at grandma 's house , he really needed to go potty , he tried it , and then demanded that we go home so he can go on a different potty seat . we had no choice and we had to leave . will try it again to see if he gets used to it , but it 's weird that such a soft potty seat would hurt him and none of the other ones we tried ever did .
 This potty seat is designed poorly , with tabs facing inward from the seat ... if a child slips the seat over their head -LRB- and they will ; 2-year-olds slip everything over their heads -RRB- , you wo n't be able to get it off without the seat clips cutting into their foreheads . I called the company to complain and the owner was very rude , refusing to even humor me by listening . I 'll never buy another product from this company .
 This seat has a seam on the inside of the cushy part of the seat . This traps urine and distributes it all around the seam and the seat . My son used it for a couple of weeks before I had enough of cleaning and wiping my whole toilet and surrounding floor after each use . We bought a thin flip seat that works like a charm .
 I just got this for our daughter because she is getting too big for her stand alone potty and she was saying it hurts her bottom . I got this and it does not fit our toilet seat , we have the longer seats and this potty seat just slides all over the place and it scares her to get on it and she also says it hurts her bottom . We are going to try to return it ! I do not recommend this potty seat !
 I bought this product from Wal-mart because it said it fit standard & most elongated toilets . I 'm not sure which elongated toilets it would fit b/c it was way to short for ours . There was a gap of 1-2 inches between the front of the potty seat & our toilet seat . Plus , it did n't sit stably into the seat . It 's soft & comfortable , but definitely not for those who do n't have a round seat !
 the newer toilets on the market today will not accomodate this seat . the seat is made for older toilets that are small and round . also , the front part of the seat leaks if you happen to have a boy .
 bought based on recommendation from toddler bargains book . agree with prior reviewers , NOT appropriate for elongated toilets . my toddler is a tall little man and we have to push this seat so far back on the elongated toilet he seems way too far back on the seat and it just does n't fit properly . he 's too far back on the toilet and I do n't like the gap in the front of the thing . we 'll keep , throw it in the car and take it for potty breaks on the road . looking at wee pod or baby bjorn , potty seats specifically made for elongated seats or at least capable of being adjusted . the cushy seat is definitely nice on wee bum-bums .
 While this seat is a little small for the toilet seat , it fits enough that it would still be acceptable if my son did n't just pee right over the front `` guard . '' We have a different seat in the kids ' bathroom that I wish I could find again , because it works very well , but this one is pretty useless .
 We started using the potty all of the time recently , and we purchased this seat . My daughter had a bad rash on her bottom that we thought was due to food , but based on where it was it perfectly fit the contours of where her skin hit the potty seat . We stopped using the potty seat and the rash went away .
 I purchased these for our basement door so our cat could get to her litter box . Like another reviewer ours ripped . More so if you take it off once and a while to be able to close the door . And even when we did not remove the panda we had it rip . We did super glue it and it would work for a while .
 I bought several of the door pinches . They all broke within days . Bad quality . Do not waste your money .
 I bought this doll because at the expensive price , I figured it would be the best . It definitely is not . Patty is cute , but that is the only good thing about her . To fill up her bottles , you must squeeze and insert into a glass of water , then squeeze again until water shoots out and then reinsert into the glass of water again . It requires it to be done in such a particular way that only an adult can fill the bottles with water , no small child will be able to master the precise way it takes . Then , to feed Patty you must hold her very still at an exact angle , where she is almost standing up . Most children cradle their baby dolls in their arms , but Patty will not drink in that position . Even in the standing up position , most of the water spills out of the tiny hole for her mouth and soaks her outfit . It takes 5-10 minutes to fill Patty up . Most children do n't have the patience for this and lose interest , as my daughter did . Plus since she has to be perfectly still and at an exact angle , only an adult can feed Patty her water . Then , to make her pee , you must press her thigh very hard . This distressed my daughter because she thought I was hurting Patty . Once I assured her Patty was ok , then she was upset because she was not strong enough to press hard enough to make Patty pee . My daughter is 35 months old and a lot of children start training earlier . At 35 months old , my daughter was not able to fill the bottles , feed Patty or make her pee . Only an adult can do these things due to the complexity of the bottles and feeding and peeing systems of Patty . So my daughter quickly lost interest in Patty and started squirting water all over the bathroom instead with the bottles . The whole `` teach the doll to pee '' part of the potty training was lost . I wish I had gone to the store and bought a cheap wetting doll instead . Then I e-mailed the company to complain , but of course received no response . And you ca n't get a full refund if the doll has been used . In fact , getting a refund at all is extremely difficult , I have just given up on that . Do n't waste your money . This doll is too expensive and can not be used by a child , which defeats the whole purpose . Go to your toy store and buy a cheap wetting doll . At least that way , if you do n't like it you can return it , unlike Patty .
 The design of this shock-lok is what drew me to it , we 're constantly pulling out the plugs in a couple of our outlets to vacuum , and then losing the plugs . However , the type of plastic they used is sooo cheap that I broke one putting in on -LRB- the screw tightening split it apart -RRB- and the rest broke after only 1-2 uses . The prongs would snap right out and stick in the outlet itself -LRB- wow and those little prongs are real safe to get out -RRB- . Tried using extreme caution after I broke the second one but kept breaking them anyway . I would love to see this product again with better , stronger plastic because the design is fairly good .
 I bought these for my flat screen tv stand and my flat screen tv.I did not know how they would clip to it but I never thought screws . I did not mind drilling screws into my new and expensive stand but what about the tv ? I was not going to put screws into my flat screen tv . I guess I will have to look elsewhere . I used them on her furniture but still did not like drilling screws into all of her furniture .
 I would have rated this item 0 stars , if that were an option . We discovered approximately a year after installing these that the plastic strap had become so brittle that it snapped in two with little manipulation . Fortunately , we discovered this because we were moving , not because a piece of furniture fell . I shudder to think what might have happened if our furniture had tipped .
 These straps are horrible . The screws are so cheap and crappy that they strip if you so much as think about them encountering any resistance while screwing them in , and twice when screws actually encountered resistance , the screwheads popped off ! How 's THAT safe ? The screw heads are what holds the brackets to the wall or furniture!I highly recommend that Furniture Wall Straps by Safety First instead . We have tried several brands and those are by FAR the best . They are easy to install , appear ot be sturdy , and also easy to remove temporarily if you need to move the furniture to reach behind it .
 The screws that come with the brackets are so soft they strip almost immediately -- was about to use my own , then read the review below and decided I 'd be better off just screwing the furniture into the wall ...
 Unless they have started making the strap out of a different material , DO N'T rely on this to keep your furniture from tipping ! . I know that there is better plastic available , so I do n't know why they do n't use a another type that does n't get brittle over a couple of years.All I can think of is PROFITS . That 's why it is made so cheaply . If you already have this product , try replacing the strap with the heavy-duty zip-ties that you buy at the hardware store -- they come in a package of 20-50 or so and you can cut them and replace them whenever you need to move the furniture .
 I was extremely disappointed in this product . I did n't have a problem with the screws but I did have an issue with the brackets . They were made of such soft plastic that they were unusable . When screwing the brackets to the wall , the screw went straight through the bracket hole -LRB- enlarging the pre-made hole in the bracket -RRB- and the bracket was able to just pop right off over the screws . How is this supposed to hold up furniture when it is of such poor quality that it ca n't even hold up to the screws ? I will not be using this product and I would not recommend anyone buying it .
 We used these with our first child and I had no complaints , BUT she was not a climber and when we went to move and remove the straps , they were so brittle that they fell apart in my hands . Had my daughter ever tried to climb the furniture , the straps would have surely given way and allowed the furniture to fall over on top of her . This was 4 years after installation , so I ca n't say at what point they were no longer reliable , hence the 2 stars ... they did at least work in the beginning.Needless to say , I 'm going with the fabric strap version with my second child who climbs everything .
 I was disappointed in the quality of this product . The straps themselves are nothing special and the included screws are very poor quality . In one case the screw head was stamped off center , making it unusable . As indicated by other reviewers , it is pretty much impossible to use these screws without stripping them , even if you use a hand screwdriver and a pre-drilled hole . I ended up having to use some leftover drywall screws , which fit through the opening in the brackets almost perfectly.Since you will have to replace the screws , you are better off just purchasing the brackets and your own zip ties .
 My husband says the screws that came with this product are the worst he 's ever dealt with . They do n't go in straight and they strip . He had to go to the hardware store for replacement screws in order to install the brackets . Other than that , the brackets and zip ties seem fine .
 we have used these `` unscented '' wipes since our daughter was born 8 years ago . from diaper changes when she was a baby to cleaning sneakers , quick cleaning up of messes , it worked great . it also went from thick larger cloths quilted with the cutest animals to gradually smaller and thinner wipes with dots that i can not make any sense out of . but , they still cleaned well and i did n't mind doubling up the sheets at times.my husband bought a large box of `` unscented '' wipes and when i opened one of the packages , it smelled so strong i discarded the entire box thinking we bought the wrong thing . we bought another large box and made sure we saw the word `` unscented '' on the box and again , it smelled so bad i can not imagine exposing a baby to those kind of chemicals . i called pampers and asked if they put `` scented '' wipes in the boxes marked `` unscented '' by mistake and they confirmed they had changed the formula with no perfume but a new masking agent to hide the smell of the ingredients . acording to my dictionary , perfume is a fragrant liquid typically made from essential oils extracted from flowers and spices - that means they have added scents made from chemicals and still call these wipes `` unscented '' . sadly , we have switched brands after all these years of enjoying the real `` unscented '' pampers baby wipes .
 People seem to love these wipes because they are so soft . My problem with them is they are n't effective at wiping up ... . poop . They just smear it around . I much prefer the Huggies for the wipes although I use the Papmpers diapers .
 These wipes are too thin-the Huggies brand is much better . The Pampers wipes are very wet and stick together too much , making a one handed operation difficult . However , these wipes are great for using as hand/face cleaners due to all these negative reasons-they are very wet and make cleaning sticky hands easy and you do n't have to worry about anything -LRB- ehem -RRB- seeping through the thin wipe .
 I always thought that unscented means that fragrance chemicals have n't been added . Wrong ! Unscented means that it was additionally chemically treated to masque the scent . So it is not a solution for the sensitive skin .
 At first i thought these wipes were amazing beause they are so soft , but I noticed tiny linty fibers on my son 's penis that would get stuck around there . Also the wipes leave an oily and slightly stinky odor on your hands . I am going back to Huggies wipes !
 I got these wipes because I really like the diapers . However , as nice as these wipes are in construction , the fact that the poop does n't stick to them means you end up using abut 10 more wipes that you should . I switched back to Huggies brand and am using many less wipes to clean up the poo .
 I have used Pampers unscented and pampers sensitive for quite a while and my daughter kept getting yeast infections . I switched to CVS brand Non-scented wipes and she has not broken out since . I Will NEVER GO BACK .
 Individual plastic packages ca n't be opened without scissors . After opening them that way wipes dry quickly and become unusable.Also , all the individual bags within the large box had an expired date printed on them . Does that mean they are dangerous for my baby ?!
 These and the whole line of pampers wipes are terrible . Swipers are a little better , but I still wo n't buy them.Huggies are much better as are seventh generation wipes.When I go to wipe my baby 's bum with these , it feels like I am wiping slime on him . These wipes really are slimey . The only reason I am using these is because I bought a bunch on sale , lost the receipt and ca n't return them.I have to use 2 of the pampers wipes at a time to feel like I am getting a good grip on them and they are a little thinner . When I wipe with these , it 's hard to explain but , they kinda crumple and fold up on themselves as I wipe and I do n't know about you , but I do n't want poo on my fingers .
 Absolutely terrible wipes , I would never buy them again . I expected far , far better from Pampers . I 've used natural and herbal medicines all my life and I do n't know what the heck kind of aloe vera this is but it sure is n't `` natural '' , as natural aloe vera is n't all nasty and slimy like this . These wipes are so slick they slip right out of your fingers and they gliss right over the top of your baby 's skin -LRB- and anything stuck on it -RRB- , you have to grab hard to the wipe and SCRUB to get any results . They are so oversaturated with fluid you have to towel dry your baby 's skin before you can put a new diaper on otherwise if you use powder the excessive moisture combines with the powder to form an abrasive paste . By the time I got down to the last 1/4 of the pack , they were sitting in a puddle of fluid in the bottom of the container . Absolutely horrible , the dollar general wipes were better than this . If you want a name brand wipe for sensitive skin , the Huggies wipes are worlds better .
 I have standard outlets and there is no way to mount this on them . I guess I should have notice that this outlet cover mounts w / two screws where as ours have only one . Instead of using this , now we have all new outlets that are tamper resistant .
 I purchased incense from this company online , my account was charged on April 10th . The info that they provided says that orders take 5-10 days to process . I understand that these are made to order , and tried to be patient . On May 10 , one month later I still had not received my items . At this point I started calling them and left numerous messages to contact me . I needed to know if there is a problem with the order , and to give me some type of acknowledgement they the even had my order , I did n't even receive an email from them . The never returned any of my calls . I told them -LRB- their machine -RRB- that if they could not contact me to just cancel my order . On May 22 -LRB- six weeks later -RRB- my order was finally delivered . I put the order away . The following day one of my employees called me at home to tell me that the incense would not burn right , I assumed that it was because they arrived fairly wet and told her to give them time to dry . The next week we tried them again , and they still will only burn maybe 1-3 inches at a time -LRB- they are 19 '' sticks -RRB- and they smell horrible , like an old wood burning stove . I have purchased from this company previously , and was very satisfied with their incense , so I know that this is out of the ordinary . I called again and left numerous messages -LRB- over 16 at this point -RRB- for them to contact me , that I was dissatisfied with my order . I have left phone # 's , my cell # , and email address for them , but they refuse to contact me The email address on their site is also not working . I believe I have tried to resolve this to the best of my ability . I am fed up with them not even contacting me , and am completely unable to use any of these $ -LSB- ... -RSB- worth of incense . I am completely willing to return these if the would send a pick up for them , because they are of no use whatsoever to me .
 This product ends up lifting the lower lap belt off of the hips and legs and ON to the stomach and soft tissue . In an accident this product could cause a great deal of internal organ damage . Do n't buy this product and destroy any that you are already using ! Buy a low back booster seat because this is n't a viable safe option.-Lisacertified car seat tech
 These and any other item like them are UNSAFE . When cars are crash tested by the manufacturer they are not tested with items like there . When you add these to the car it completely changes the dynamics of the seatbelt in a crash and can lead to SERIOUSE injury or worse to your child !
 Very well made . Perfect for little girl 's nursery . Easy to coordinate other items in nursery .
 I bought this because it 's important for me to use organic products for my two-year old , and I used it too . I thought , you know , baby wash , you can use it for the body and for shampoo . For the body , it 's fine . But seriously , it made my scalp dry and itchy . I think it was fine for my daughter 's hair . I thought it would be like Johnson and Johnson baby wash , usable for both hair and body.Finally , I just CA N'T STAND the strong smell of the baby wash . I think that 's what did it for me . I 've grown to hate the strong smell . I bought it because I like lavender , but it 's all Tea Tree . Tea tree is just TOO strong , I mean come on , they recommend that you put drops of Tea Tree essential oil in your own homemade cleaning supplies.Ok , that 's it . It does clean , does the job , but it smells too strong . I wo n't buy it again . Maybe , MAYBE , I would try a different scent . But I do n't know . Hope this helps .
 -LRB- Teal -RRB- I stacked this item with diapers for the first time and the tie broke from the weight . Very cheaply made and would not recommend to anyone . Pay a little more and get a little more . However , Amazon was extremely awesome when I wanted to return and credited me right away .
 Trend lab does not make a diaper stacker as pictured here . What you get is the large one with the string ties . When I called about a return , Trend Lab they said this picture is a wearable blanket , not the diaper stacker they make . They said they do n't even make one with a hanger , only ties .
 This works fine but can not be washed due to the bottom made of cardboard . Also if you put too many diapers , it does not close well .
 After reading all of the reviews on several different training toilets , I decided to go with the one by Baby Bjorn . On the day it arrived , we were so excited to try out the new pottie . However , after three attempts and a whole lot of mess , my son and I decided this toilet trainer was not going to work.I am the mother of three sons and have used a different toilet trainer with all of them . This one was the worst !! The urine shield was not concave enough to protect from spill-overs with a little -LRB- 21/2 year old -RRB- boy . From the photo of the product , I imagened that the urine shield was hollow on the backside ; it was not . The backside of the shield is continued plastic striaght down with a slight inward contour.However , I think the product was easy to set-up , even for little ones to do themselves , and would be great for little girls .
 I was sure this would fit our long oval toilet seat , but I tried and tried and it just pops off . I was very disappointed !! I am at a loss since no other product I have seen promises to fit an oval seat .
 This seat is easy to clean but my daughter found the splash guard high and hard to maneuver around . The splash guard comes over an inch up higher than the seat . It also does n't have anything to give it traction on a bathroom floor so it slides around . It was succesful in encouraging her to use the big toilet she disliked it so much . Next time , for a girl I would purchase one with a more comfortable seat .
 I say that because if your child becomes `` addicted '' to using it , be prepared to drag it with you everywhere , because they wo n't use a regular potty without it . I know of TOO MANY mothers this has happened to !
 Somehow my parents manged to raise me into a healthy adult without one of these products - their parents raised them through a war and rationing - and so believe it or not my wife and I have raised our children without even realising that such a product could exist - just think - save energy - save resources - give your money to charity or spend it on a book rather than on this nonsense ...
 If you feel the need to spend your money , spend it on something more sensible - or better still give it to charities that help babies who do n't have baby wipes , still less a warmer for them.Your baby is really not going to suffer or indeed notice that their baby wipes are cold , and all you 'll do is waste electricity.Not having warmed your baby wipes does NOT make you a bad parent .
 I bought this when I was pregnant thinking I really needed this . It turned out to be a bigger pain to have it . Do n't bother . Buy more wipes or diapers with the money you save from buying this .
 It worked ok . You ca n't use the pop up slot for the wipes , they get stuck . And I am going to look for a bigger one next time . Our biggest gripe is that it kept shorting out after six months , and now it is kaput!Nothing but cold wipes.I recomend getting one that you can see through . I have been right in the middle of changing a poopy diaper only to realize there are no more wipes left in the box !
 The idea of a warm wipe is great , but this product does n't deliver that . I used cloth washclothes for my newborn the first few weeks , then switched to wipes and pulled this out to be used . My baby was used to a warm washcloth on his bottom . I found that the wipes do not pull through the pop up dispenser well . But , this warmer is really just an expensive box to keep them in that takes up electricity . By the time you remove the wipe and open it and within 5-6 seconds of being in the air , it gets very cold by the time you touch it to your baby 's bottom . They were no warmer than using them straight out of the wipes container . PASS ON THIS ITEM , Spend your Ca $ h on something you really need ... like lots of diapers !
 This warmer worked really well for a while . It really warmed up the wipes without drying it up . However , they are not sturdy and does not last long . I bought one for my sister - in-law , and hers broke within 6 months - the light did not work , but it did still warm the wipes . Mine died after about 10 months . Not only did the light not work , but it did not warm anymore either .
 I registered and received this as a gift . At first I thought it would be a great idea , that was before I used it . The wipes barely get warm , as soon as you take them out they are cold . Another down fall is that the spongelike piece that goes on the bottom of the warmer dries up really fast and in my case it began to burn . The wipes warmer is a complete waste of money and is unsafe .
 I purchased this wipe warmer after my first one died . The wipes did n't turn brown as they had in my old warmer , but i could n't get the wipes out after refilling it so I had to open the whole thing for the first few days every time i would refill it . It did n't last a year as my first warmer did . After going through two warmers before my son was 2 I am not too happy with the product but it does make it easier to clean them when they are sensitive to tempurature .
 I bought this item because the reviews were very high for this product . When we had my first son , the wipe warmer was wonderful , so when we had our second son , that was the first thing we purchased . However , this product did not stand up to its reviews . Now , it could just be that I ended up with a bad unit , becuase that does happen , even in the best of companies , but I 'm still very disappointed . First of all , my wipes do brown , no matter how much water I put into the warmer , or how often I rinse the pad inside , and it does n't just brown and dry out one or two wipes -LRB- that I could live with -RRB- , just last week , it browned 13 wipes in five days time ! Secondly , the cover never stays shut . I use the Pampers wipes , so they pop up nicely , but when I go to pull them out , the whole cover opens up with every wipe and water goes everywhere . It 's ruining my changing table with all the moisture . I know this product is n't that expensive , but it truly has been a waste of money for us . My son is seven weeks old and I 'm heading out to buy a new wipe warmer , because I just ca n't take the headaches this one is causing me . I should of thrown it away seven weeks ago !!
 I was given this at a shower from my best friend who swore by it . I live in a colder state and thought it would be great to have , but only used it for a few weeks and gave up . Like other reviewers have said , if you do n't keep up with the moisture replenishing , the wipes turn brown very quickly . Also , purchasing a new insert every month or so seemed a bit inconvenient . Being a plug-in accessory was a big inconvenience as well since my son 's bedroom only has 2 outlets and they are both on the same wall . Not only that , but the plug is only about 2 feet long and could only sit on his changing table in one place . The wipes do not always pop up , or when they do they come up with more than one at a time and the lid always drips water when it is opened . This is currently stored away never to see daylight again .
 With winter coming , I thought my daughter would appreciate warm wipes instead of being constantly startled by having a cool wipe on her behind . Of course I love the idea of a wipe warmer but once I got this one home and up and working I was a little disappointed . I should have read more carefully b/c I expected this to be battery-operated as well as having a plug-in , but no such luck . That makes it a little inconvenient b/c no mom changes her baby at the exact same place all the time . The warmer is also heavy and not very easy to carry around . I also was n't thrilled with the idea of having to buy new `` pillows '' every few months to keep the wipes moist . Who has time to think about that with all the demands of motherhood ?
 I like that it keeps the wipes warm but the lid does not like to stay shut . You have to press the lid down multiple times before it will stay shut .
 Invest in better quality wipes rather than this wipe warmer . Wipes cool off before you can get them out and put into use . Sponge drys out too quickly and can pose a hazard . We ended up having to rewet ours almost every day . Not worth the hassle . Baby will adjust to wipes from the box in no time .
 Not worth the time and effort . My daughter does n't care , she actually prefers cooler wipes .
 This warmer works great at keeping wipes warm , a plus especially if you have a boy and do n't want to get a surprise shower when you shock him with cold wipes . However , I will not recommend this product for two reasons . One , it ruined the cabinet that it sat on . The wood turned a lighter color and is very dried out . Unfortunately , when my son was born I used the top of an antique cabinet that was the right height , so I 've completely destroyed it . I 'll have to have it professionally refinished in order to restore it.The second complaint I have is that stupid pad . You do have to keep it moist , which is n't such a big deal . I generally remembered to do it . However , recently I went away for a week adn forgot to add water to it . When i returned , it smelled `` cooked '' , so I opened the lid . I found the pad had turned dark brown and had stuck to the bottom of the warmer . I shudder to think of what would have happened if I 'd left it longer . It might even have melted or caught fire ! The pad tore when I peeled it off the bottom , , and as stated in another review , you can not can not can not find the pads anywhere - you have to order them from prince lionheart . I am so annoyed that I just use the warmer cold , unplugged . It 's nicer looking than the huggies or pampers wipes holders.If you are considering buying this , make sure you put something under it and are VIGILANT about maintaining the pad inside . If you 're even a tad forgetful skip this item .
 I bought this product because of its claim to nonbrowning , anti microbial , etc. . Well as soon as the pillow it comes with dried out a little it turn brown . Now less than three months later it smells and the wipes smell that come out of it . It makes me wonder what is making the smell . Lastly , what really ticks me off is the Ever fresh pillow in it has to be replaced every three months . If you go on line you can send a check for 11.95 to an address in CA for two replacements . This Co. has been in business 30 years and has not discovered the convience to online shopping yet . Do n't buy this product , let your little angel get use to the cool wipes , it will be good for them in the long run .
 I bought this one as an additional warmer to use with cloth wipes . First of all , you have to tape down the top portion to use for cloth wipes ... very classy ! I also used it with disposable wipes and had trouble getting them through the top - had to use 2 hands . The fact that you have to keep buying `` pillows '' for this is ridiculous ! If you use it without the pillow , your wipes burn and permanently stain -LRB- for cloth wipes -RRB- on the bottom ! I would overlook these things if it performed as I expected , but it does n't . Get the Munchkin warmer instead - it is the best ! None of this hassle !
 I bought this for my new born 4 months ago after 2 months it has a hard time latching the cover to lock . Now at 4 months it just does not close and lock anymore so it causes the wipes to dry . I really wish I did not throw away the box I would return it in a heartbeat . I tried to contact seller but it does not seem to have any option here . So learn from my mistake , spend that little extra dollar for an item that work and last longer than 4 months .
 My 2 other children survived just fine without this , but I decided to try it for our new baby after friends said they liked it and it received fairly positive reviews . It seemed o.k. at first , although we learned that only the pop-up style wipes will work in it unless you want to lift the entire lid each time which causes the water in the lid to drip out . Our baby developed a severe urinary tract infection that she was hospitalized for . Of course no one can be sure that the wipe warmer was really the culprit , but it just made us wonder ... warm , moist environment that sits for an extended period of time . ? . To be on the safe side , we have unplugged ours and returned it to the store . It gave the staff at the hospital something to think about when we mentioned it and at least one of them was going to begin further research . My sister lives out of state and recently brought home preemie twins . Upon discharge when the nurses were going over avoiding infections they noted that they hoped she did not own a wipe warmer . Of course many babies have had no infection and they have a wipe warmer , it is just an interesting possibility to consider . Something you and baby can live without ? Definitely .
 I purchased this item thinking it would be perfect for those late night diaper changes . I still think wipes warmers are a good idea , just not this one ! This warmer heats from the bottom . I quickly noticed the wipes at the bottom were warmer than the ones at the top . I also noticed that the wipes at the top were a bit dried out and soapy feeling . I returned the warmer and found the PERFECT warmer at a TARGET store . The target warmer heats from the top to the bottom , which keeps the top wipes moist and warm , just as they should be . It was a little cheaper in price and it has a lid lock that the other did n't have . All around it is a better purchase !
 I had this un-neccessary nursery item thinking that my November born baby would be more comfortable ... boy was I wrong.The first time I used it , I pulled a wipe out and noticed that they seemed a bit too warm for my baby 's bum . I had to wait a few seconds before touching him with the wipe . This is my first big gripe . If it was a big job , I had to either pull a few of them out when I started chaning him or wait a few seconds before each wipe ... a pain!The second thing I noticed is the lid would not stay closed . So now , not only did my wipes get too hot , but I could not use the top wipe because it would be too dry . Wipes are not cheap and wasting a wipe is for that purpose is silly . That was strike two!The thrid and final straw , and what made me throw this money wasted apperattus away was that when I got the bottom of the stack of wipes , I noticed that the wipe on the bottom was brown . 20 or so wipes were not as wet as they should have been , but the last one was fried.Not worth the money or hassle !
 I am so disappointed with this product . First off , it does n't really warm the wipes . Sure it 's not as cold as regular wipes but its like room temperature and not a warm room either . My baby still protest when I use the so call warm wipes but not when I dunk the wipes in warm water and then wipe her . I assume that 's how it 's suppose to be or how it 's suppose to work . Too bad I threw away the box and packaging or this would be going back to amazon for a refund . Save yourself the money and just use a bowl of warm water to warm your wipes .
 I bought this thinking that it was a good deal even after reading the reviews . Well ... the reviews are right , the flip open lid broke after a month and the wipes are n't really warm . The warmer just takes the edge off . I returned this one and bought the Premium warmer and what a difference !!!! That one actually warms the wipes . Spend the extra $ 10 and get yourself a wipes warmer that works . Your baby will thank you !
 I love this diaper wipe warmer and it has helped me a lot as a new mom , but one month after I bought it the top quit latching most of the time and pops back up . It drives me crazy ! I love everything else about the wipe warmer and how much it has helped me , but the latch just does n't keep .
 This thing make me sooo mad !!!!!!!!!!!!! It does not latch closed ever !!! Do not buy !! Your wipes will just dry out !! Waste of $ $ !!!!!
 I bought this because the winter I had my first born the wipes were always so cold and he would have a fit every time I wiped him . I thought these would be great but they are not for me . When I assembled everything and put the wipes in them they were nice and toasty warm I thought `` perfect '' but then I took one out and it took 2 seconds and it was cold , colder than room temperature cold !! I did a test to get one out and put it on my leg and it was like the rapid movement made it colder . I was so disappointed and returned it
 My mom bought this warmer to have at her house when I visit with my son . I thought the warmer got the wipes just barely warmer than room temperature . At home I have the Munchkin warm glow warmer and I think it does a much better job at warming the wipes . I fill it up completely with wipes -LRB- I usually use Huggies -RRB- and they get really warm and I 've never had a problem with them drying out or mildew or any of the problems other reviewers have mentioned . If you have a choice , I 'd definitely recommend the Munchkin brand warmer . Oh , and my son does n't seem to care whether the wipes are warm or not -LRB- and he was born in January in Colorado -RRB- , but I sure do prefer to use the warm wipes !
 This item is one I have seen time and again on new mom 's baby registries . I had this one and it worked for all of three months . we never really used it because just holding them in your had for a minute really does the trick and you can save the twenty dollar item on something you really need and something that is actually useful . I have 4 sisters all of whom registered for this and all of them got everything on their registries but this item -LRB- they all had big registries with at least 89 items experienced moms were smart enough to realize it was a waste of money -RRB- Also the thing about them yellowing and drying out is true . and even putting them in 1/3 does n't help . Adding a 1/2 cup water to it does , but then were back to ITS NOT WORTH IT !!!!!!!!! Just hold them in your hands for a minute and there you go instant heat up . Also if you have a summer baby the wipes will heat on their own with this summer we have been having . And most wipes when you open them up anymore are n't that cold at all .
 I registered for this thing but it is horrible . Huggies wipes do n't work in the pop up dispenser and the pop up dispenser does not stay closed , I taped it to keep closed to keep the wipes from drying out . When you open the lid to get the wipes out water spills out . The wipes only stay warm for about 30 seconds so if you grab a few of them to clean a dirty diaper they are cold by the time you get around to using them anyway . I like the design so I still keep the wipes in it but I have unplugged it .
 I was excited about this product until after 2 weeks worth of use -LRB- I rotated my wipes and everything -RRB- , the wipes turned brown , and there was a bacterial growth on the moisture pad . My baby also got a bad case of diaper rash , which went away after I stopped using the warmer.I also could n't make the pop up wipes work , so I had to open the warmer each time . I believe that this might have caused the temperature to be to low and the bacteria to grow.This is a waste of money anyway . I just warm the wipe in my hand before using on my baby and he does n't mind one bit .
 I received this item as a gift and truthfully I dont think its worth it . The wipes are cold by the time they hit the babys bottom . Its just another thing to have hanging around the nursery to be plugged in . The latch on the warmer doesnt pop open when pressed and it doesnt close properly . Not worth it !!
 I thought this would be a godsend but I was very disappointed . The wipe stays warm for about one second so by the time it reaches my baby 's bottom , it 's cold again . This was a total waste of money .
 Although the Prince Lionheart Wipes Warmer did get the wipes warm , my newborn who was born mid-winter , did n't seem to notice whether I used warmed or room temp wipes . The pop-top never worked for me meaning that I could n't pull the wipes through the hole and had to open the top and detach the perforated wipes one by one for each change , which is not easy to do one handed . I tried using the reach-in wipes instead but it did n't help any . Plus , when baby became more active , I did n't feel comfortable using the changing table where the warmer was plugged because she liked to propel herself backwards -LRB- beginning at 10 weeks old -RRB- . Once I could n't use the changing table anymore , the wipes were never nearby anyway so I put this product away before my daughter was 3 months old . Bottom line - save your money for something worthwhile .
 When pulling out a wipe the top door always opens so you have to use one hand to pull out the wipe and the other hand to hold the top closed . Any wipe despenser should be one hand operable !
 The warmer works fine & my son appreciates the warm wipes I 'm sure . BUT it ruined my cherry wood changing table !! Be careful what you put it on , the heat from underneath is apparently very damaging -LRB- it burned the finish completely off ! -RRB- & only after I re-read the instructions , way down at the end Prince Lionheart Inc. makes no warranty , blah blah blah that surface discoloration or damage may occur.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 I would not recommend this product for several reasons :1 . The wipes do not pull apart , so you need 2 hands
 It warms the wipes allright ... as long as they stay in the container . As soon as you take them out their cold again . Do n't spend your money .
 I 'll give it 2 stars because it does n't brown the wipes , exactly as advertised ... but , maybe that 's because the wipes do n't get very warm , at all.Obviously , you do n't want them too warm , but they literally are cold by the time the wipe gets to my son 's bottom . He still jumps from the cold wipes.I really do n't understand why so many ppl gave this thing good reviews . It was a waste of our money .
 by the time you take the wipe out to the baby 's skin , the wipe is already cold .
 This wipe warmer is really just a fancy wipe holder . It does n't really warm the wipes !
 This warmer was great for the first 2 weeks . The 3rd week the lid stopped latching . At 4am you do n't want to stand there pushing down the lid repeatidly . The 4th week the wipes dried out and turned brown . Wipes are expensive and this thing just wasted a whole pack . It turns out you have to replace the pillow in the bottom -LRB- ... -RRB- I do n't want to pay -LRB- ... -RRB- to keep a wipes warmer up to par .
 I received this item as a shower gift . I used it for a couple days when the latch on the pop-up lid feature would not catch . I had my husband return the item and get a replacement . The latch on the second one would not work either . There appears to be some type of design flaw . The other reviewers are correct that when you open the entire lid , the condensation from the moisture leaks out of the warmer . While this is a good concept , the design needs work . Also , my baby does not seem to mind cold wipes . I think she has become accustomed to them since that 's what we have primarily used . I will probably return the second one also since it wo n't work properly and get something more useful .
 When I initially confided to my friend about wanting one of these things , she nixed the idea and told me it had n't worked for her sister when she used it for her baby . Of course I did n't listen to her and bought one . The wipes did turn brown and also dried out towards the end . You do n't really need one of these because your baby is more resilient than you think . You 're probably better off spending your cash with hooded towels , baby toys and/or baby bottles . Now , our wipes warmer is just sitting in our baby 's closet .
 My previous warmer wore out over time and it was replaced with this thing . It does n't keep all the wipes warm . I can only put a small stack in at a time because if I fill it full the top ones are cold and the bottom ones are warm .
 It keeps wipes warm and moist -- SO LONG AS THE LID STAYS SHUT , WHICH IT DOES NOT !!! We wrestle with the lid which will not latch . It becomes really annoying for those 2 a.m. feedings when you have to spend precious minutes trying to latch the lid . If the lid pops open when you do n't see it , you will have dry , cold wipes . I suggest another model .
 The warmer worked okay but the flip top stopped working . I am now back to buying another one on Amazon .
 I bought this wipes warmer and in a weeks time it 's does n't remain closed . I have to put something heavy on top of it to keep it closed . Poorly made .
 the cover stops working . i had to tape it and pull wipes directly out of the warmer . it did not take long either before it went bad . onl after one month 's use
 I AGREE WITH THE OTHER REVIEWS THAT THE LID POPS MUCH TOO EASILY . NOW I JUST USE WIPES THAT ARE NOT LINKED AND LIFT THE LID . ALSO , THE WIPES ARE COLD ALMOST INSTANTLY SO YOU HAVE TO MOVE VERY FAST TO GET THE EFFECT OF A `` WARM '' WIPE .
 The item is of good quality and is definitley an improved version of previous models ; however this particular model keeps the wipes so wet that they can be wrung out . This does not work for my newborn as her skin is extremely sensitive and it is recommended by most pediatricians -LRB- at least mine -RRB- that the wipes should be dryer than wet so that their skin does n't rash .
 Works okay in keeping the wipes warm as long as you keep the pad that comes with it wet ALL the time . The pad is in the bottom of the warmer , so it 's not real easy to notice when it 's getting dried out.The wipes do n't get THAT warm anyway . By the time you get one out and it hits the air , it 's pretty cool . It 's not nearly as warm as I thought they 'd be.If the pad starts to dry out before you notice , the warmer will actually dry out all the wipes . Once they 're dried out , you have to throw them away . What a waste!I stopped using it after about a month , because it was such a hassle to keep wetting the pad and throwing away wipes that had dried out.The last things you need with a new baby in the house is one more thing to do or something that wastes money!This is more of a `` new parent '' gimmick - that I made the mistake of falling for !
 I thought this would be a nice item to keep next to the changing table ... however :1 . I was told as I was returning this item that the `` foam piece on the bottom turned brown because I was not using the correct wipes '' ... correct wipes ?! These were CHAR marks on this from TOO MUCH HEAT ... PLEASE , DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM ! * This always has to remain plugged in and I did not want this object in my home ! 2 . The warmth of the wipes last about 5 seconds , if that , cold before you even get to use it properly .
 I am a Ultra PICKY 1st time mom and after my intensive research , I thought I got what I want ... BUT NO . I have to return it.After I got this , I found out I have to replace the bottom linen -LRB- comes with it -RRB- every 3 months via the manufacturer ! I do n't like the $ $ $ to replace AND to keep track of the time -LRB- it warns you if you do n't do it , it will have germs at the bottom ! -RRB- Scary!I rather got another one WITHOUT that pad thing which need to be replaced every 90 days . &#62; -LRB-
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower -LRB- I did n't register for it -RRB- and was initially excited about using it . Within a couple of weeks I hated it . I thought it was a pain to have to replace the `` sponge '' because it was always dried out and my wipies were too . By the time my son was a month old I was using the plastic container the wipies came in . Do n't waste your money !!
 I ca n't wait to return this . Having to use 2 hand to pull out a wipe is not my idea of fun at 2am or anytime as a matter of fact.Will search for another brand.The only plus side is that the wipes due get nice and warm , not to hot ...
 I have purchased this , but I found the design of the unit is really unsatisfactory and it is not performing as intented . I have purchased aMunchkin Warm Glow Wipe Warmerafter this and the latter is a huge improvement . The main problems of Prince Lionheart warmer are the following : - Wipes are not warm enough . Because of this , when you take the wipe from the warmer to the butt , the wipe has already cooled a lot , especially in cool weather , which really defeats the purpose of using the warmer . - Only top wipe is `` warm '' . I open the top compartment to access the pop-up wipes , but in each session I usually need to use more than 1 wipe , and if I keep the top open , when I get to the 2nd and 3rd , they are cold already . -LRB- and I am talking about 10 to 15 seconds between each wipe -RRB- . This is weird because the heating element is on the bottom of the unit , which should make the bottom wipes warmer , but not ... - The `` ever-fresh '' system is a sponge `` pillow '' , and it is a consumable . It needs replacement , which is an unexpected extra cost . they are 5 dollars each and needs replacement every 3 months , though I 've seen people saying they needed to be replaced more frequently because they brown out prematurely . They will cost you at least 20 dollars for a year . - Electric plug on back of unit sticks out an inch . What a horrible design ! You can not put it flush against wall , which I suspect is what most people want to do with their wipes.I 'm not saying the Munchkin warmer has no shortcomings , but it makes the wipes warmer -LRB- but not hot -RRB- , and there is no replacement parts , and you can put it flush against anything . I am returning the Prince Lionheart .
 The wipe warmer case failed to close after 5 months of normal use . We have to use a paper weight to keep it down . I truly wish that this product is more durable.And on a related topic - the warmer pad : I would like to let you know that it 's the second time I noticed mold growth on the pillow . I 've owned the warmer for the past 9 months . It 's being used as instructed . The current one is not due for replacement till January 4th while I found the mold on December 14th . The pad also turns yellow , slimy and slippery and have a smell after a month . It 's very disappointing to have a mold problem with the warmer as it 's a product for little babies . Babies could possibly get very sick from this .
 This product is a complete piece of junk . First off , the pop up lid would n't stay closed unless you pressed it just right and it took 5 or 6 tries each time . Finally the latch that holds the pop up lid just broke off . Second , the box claims the moisture pad in the bottom will stay wet for 3 months . No way , I am rewetting it every 7-10 days . And if you forget to rewet the pad , it will dry out and so will the bottom portion of your wipes . Once the pad has dried out you have to soak it in water until it softens up before putting it back in the warmer . You also have to throw out the dried wipes unless you have a sink in the nursery to rewet them as you need them . Lastly , it barely warms the wipes and they cool down immediately . Our warmer is 8 inches from where baby 's tush is waiting to be wiped and they cool down before even getting the first swipe on the tush . This product is a total waste of money and will bring you way more frustration than it is worth . Warm the wipe in your hand if it is that important , but frankly , no one warmed any wipes for me when I was a baby and I do n't think I am any worse for it .
 I bought this product because my son was born 10 weeks early . He had a rough begining to his life being hooked up to monitors , fed through a tube , having IV 's attached to him , and spending 6 weeks in the hospital . I wanted to spoil him in any way I could . After using the wipe warmer for a few weeks , I ended up returning it . The lid never stayed closed . I had to set something heavy on it to keep it closed . Many times it just would n't stay closed and the wipes dried out . I could have exchanged it for another wipe warmer , but decided not to because my son did n't seem to care whether or not the wipes were warm or cold . He did n't fuss with the cold wipes . I did find that that it was much easier to use with the Pampers wipes that pop up instead of the Huggies wipes .
 Yes , they are warm but you waste 6-10 wipes per pkg that are so dry they are stiff . Pampers are on the drier side anyway it just isnt a necessity . I 'm taking them back .
 We purchased this for our son because he would start every time we put a cold wipe on his bottom . Yes , now he has warm wipes , but the negatives far outweigh that one positive :1 -RRB- The sponge is a pain to saturate . I have to use a whole bottle of water to make sure that it 's fully saturated -LRB- purified water is expensive enough , but worth it for drinking . Not for warming wipes -RRB- .2 -RRB- The lid is a pain to close . I have to pull back that little tab about 4 times before the lid finally snaps shut . Of course , by that time , the wipe is n't warm anymore , so it rather negates the purpose in having the thing .3 -RRB- The wipes come out 3-4 at a time , and then I have to stuff them back in . What a hassle .4 -RRB- The wipes are really wet , and slide around on my son 's bottom more than they actually wipe . The condensed water makes them too slippery.I 'll revert to warming the wipes in my hand first - that 's what we do when we 're away from home anyway .
 I am surprised to read so many good reviews ... I got this item at my baby shower and I was very happy to get one -LRB- I live in Maine and my baby was born this winter -RRB- . What a disappointment ! I am so glad I did not pay a penny for this . It makes NO difference to take a wipe from this warmer and the wipes at room temperature . Most surprisingly , the warmer ruined the finish of my changing table . So it can not warm wipes but it can get hot enough to ruin my furniture ?! Another word of caution
 We were really excited about such a cool gadget , but it turned out to be a useless item for a number of reasons . Although the wipe warmer works well and just as described , the few seconds it takes to get the warm and cozy wipe from the warmer to the baby 's bottom , the wipe turns cold , which defeats the purpose of having a wipe warmer . The other not so obvious reason we do n't have much use for the wipe warmer is because throughout the day I change my son 's diapers wherever we may be at the moment , i.e. on the living room couch , in baby room , on the bed in our bedroom , etc ; but the wipe warmer must be plugged in to keep the wipes warm and therefore is not really a portable item and can not be where I need it at all times . I give it 2 stars only because it actually works as promised .
 I recently purchased this wipe warmer to keep my two month old from waking up completely during changes at night . At first it was a life saver , before I bought it I was warming up wipes in my hands , now I realize it was not worth the investment.The lid constantly pops open on it 's own so that the wipes keep cooling back off , after you try to shut it several times . The sponge constantly dries out drying out most of my wipes with it , I end up having to wet it on a daily basis . Overall if you do n't have a whole bunch of patience and a heavy sleeper -LRB- the noise each time you try to close the lid -RRB- stick to warming your wipes in your hands before wiping .
 Being a new mom I wanted to be prepared and bought just about every item available , out of everything I purchased this turned out to be the biggest waste of money . First you need to have an outlet nearby your changing table to keep it plugged in , second you have to be careful where you place it because of wetness . It now sits in the box in the closet . WASTE OF MONEY !!
 How anyone could give this a positive review I do not know . It does n't fit a full pack of wipes so the lid wo n't close all the way when refilled -LRB- door ajar -RRB- . Then the individual wipes door will not stay shut , popping open time and again . This is very frustrating with a squirming kid on the table and a time constraint ... The doors pop open , then the wipes dry out , wasting even more money . It 's junk . It is nice when it works perfectly , then I like it quite well , warm wipes soothing baby and all , but that 's 5 % of the time , maybe . I 'm so happy I got through this review without using the adult language that remains on the tip of my tongue to describe the Prince Lionheart Model 0231
 Received this as a gift from a relative at the birth of our son . Truth be told , it works well as a warmer
 I was not impressed with this wipe warmer . The wipes are really more like room temperature at best . I can not find replacements in stores for the pad in the bottom of the warmer . The pad dries out in less than a week and I end up wasting about an inch of the wipes because they dry out . I wish I would have saved my money .
 We have two wiper warmers . Two different makers . Both work fine . One has a lid that locks after you put in the wipes . This one from Prince Lionheart did n't come with one . The lid would open up everytime we tried to pull the wipe out of the warmer which gets very annoying after few tries . We have since taken this one out of service . The other brand is still working for us . Get one with a lid that locks .
 This was one of the first things I purchased because I had read everyone 's reviews and everyone seemed to love it and called it a `` lifesaver '' . WOW , what a waste of money ! If purchasing this item make sure you can place it somewhere where there is an outlet , be able to place it on some sort of protector to protect your changing table from water damage , and also be prepared to also buy the travel wipes warmer because your little one will get use to their bottom only being wiped with warm wipes which is not always so convenient if your out and about or traveling . I did n't know why my Mother laughed at me when I told her I purchased this and now I know why . Save your money and purchase something your baby really needs .
 I purchased this item because of the great reviews it got here , but I am not impressed . It does generate a lot of condensation soaking the wipes at the bottom too much and making their scent disipate . The wipes at the top when the dispenser was full really were n't all that warm . I have to say there needs some improvement .
 We were told that we must buy this item prior to the birth of our first daughter ... wish that we had not listened . This product takes up a lot of useful space . The wipes dried out very quickly and you had to replace the `` activator '' pad at the bottom too frequently . I do n't know about other parents , but we did n't really have the time or the energy to keep the wipes warmer functioning properly . It takes quite a bit of time and effort . I agree with the other reviews that say that by the time you actually pull the wipes out of the warmer and get ready to use them , the wipes have cooled down to room temperature . Our baby did n't really notice a huge difference . I am sure that this product has been helpful to some , but we felt that it took a lot of work for this product to be effective . Who has any extra time with a newborn ? This is a product that our family could certainly live without !
 The wipes dry out quickly or are too soggy , there was no in between . Furthermore , this thing is really a gimmick `` you must have this for your child to be a good mother ! '' piece of junk . YOur baby wo n't die of hypothermia if you do n't have a wipe warmer . If the thing is that cold , hold it in your hand for a few minutes . Sold mine on ebay . Do n't waste your time or money . Put the twenty bucks in your kid 's college fund instead . It 's a much better investment
 This item is not worth the money . It dries out your wipes very quickly and you have to replace the `` activator '' in the bottom frequently . The wipes do n't get that warm and as soon as they reach the air they are cooled to room temp . Just hold the wipes in your hand a few seconds and it does the same thing . It 's a waste of space and money . If you are a mom that does n't change your baby in the same spot every time it is useless . I carry my wipes all over the house . Do n't waste your money or the plug space .
 I should have listened to the other reviews -- this particular model does n't fit into the Diaper Depot of the same brand . I specifically purchased this model thinking it would , but again , I should have listened to the reviews .
 I had a cheapo warmer before this one and yes it turned the last few wipes yellowish but at least they were warm.This one does not keep wipes warm , the second you take them out they are cold . Yes it is true it does not make them yellow , but I would prefer that they are warm , I have had to warm the wipes in the microwave until I can get to the store and get a different one . I would not go for this one if you want warm wipes .
 If you wet the pad inside even just a little too much , the wipes are dripping wet . Also , the wipes do n't stay warm by the time you pull them out and get them on the baby 's bottom . It 's a waste .
 Not only is this item expensive , it does not warm wipes effectively either . I owned this product and then switched to the `` Munchkin '' wipes warmer . The reason it is expensive is because you can not use it on it 's own ; you have to buy Lionheart replacement pillows which are unnecessary . You can pay as much as $ 12.00 for a pair , which have to be replaced every 3 months . However , the reason why the Lionheart warmer can not warm properly is because it does not have a seal . Therefore , it does not lock any of the heat and moisture created . On the other hand for example , the Munchkin warmer which I own now , has two locks on each side which seals warm air/moisture . Also , it just requires 1/2 cup of water with each set of wipe addition.Even if the Lionheart warmer was locked , it would still be an OK product since you would still have to purchase the replacement pillows ...
 I received my first Prince Lionheart Wipeswarmer when our first child was born . The button to release the top that reveals the pop-up feature broke almost immediately . We had to lift the lid each time and get water all over the place . The warming pad also dries out much quicker than 1 week so be sure to wet it often or it will dry out and burn . I bought a second Prince Lionheart warmer recently after our second child was born -LRB- since the other one had broken and become annoying to use . -RRB- I figured the first one 's breaking had been a fluke . Low and behold the warmer made it 2 days and the button release broke once again ... which shows its a defective part of the product . It will no longer stick down so you find it left open all day and your wipes have all dried out . I do n't recommend this warmer to anyone . It 's a complete waste of money and very poorly made .
 It seems to work well but you have to re-wet the sponge that goes in the bottom a few times a day or it will dry out all you baby wipes . I bought this and used it for a month and got tired of messing with it . This is n't a baby must have but it is nice for your new borns to have .
 This product does not warm up wipes completely as it claims . It barely warms the first fold only .
 This is a great idea , but they did n't design it right . They need to make it work for the Huggies wipes , because the Pampers wipes are thin . The Huggies wipes stay warm until you wipe baby 's bottom , but this thing is designed for thinner pop-up wipes . Also , I had a problem with the latch on the top lid . Sometimes all I had to do was gently bump the changing table while restocking with supplies and the lid popped up . More than once we 've come home to dried out wipes because for no apparent reason the lid was open . We switched to the DEX wipe warmer . Still designed for the pop-ups , but it has a handy light for night time changes .
 I really do love this product . However , after a while of wondering `` where the heck is this water coming from '' I realized what was happening -LRB- and that was the last day I used it -RRB- . What happens is that moisture builds up on the inside of the lid . When you open the lid -LRB- the whole thing , not the little pop top -RRB- all of that collected moisture streams down the back of the lid and slips out the back and onto the electrical connection . Everyone knows that water and electricity just does n't mix!You would think they would have put some sort of rubber gasket or something around the edges to stop that from happening.But please , for safety 's sake ... DO N'T USE THIS PRODUCT .
 The lid is poorly designed . After using it for a month , the lid stopped closing . I had to put a light object on top of it to keep it close so the wipes will not dry out . I read other reviews with the same problem . I wish I knew about this before I made the purchase . I do not recommend this product .
 I tried everything - putting more water , less wipes and the `` warmer '' continues to leave my pampers wipes cold and very wet . Sometimes it will warm the wipes -LRB- when I have only two inside -RRB- . hate the product ,
 But it is truly terrible . I did n't even get to use it because the lid does not stay on ! It keeps opening and the wipes start to dry out . Pointless , really . Just buy a different one .
 I have 2 wipe warmers one prince lionheart and one munchkin . The munchkin wins hands down . The LH pop up lid will not stay down , not until I get angry and slam it down . It also burns the bottom wipes since it heats from the bottom , not to meantion taking all the moisture from the wipes causing them to dry up . I wish I would of saved my sanity and took it back from the start .
 We got this for my almost-two year old who suddenly refused to have his diaper changed with cool wipes . The first day we used it , the top that pops open broke . Very poor design . That said , it does warm the wipes . But it 's so annoying to use now that I ca n't just push the button to have the top pop open . We just have the top resting on it , and it takes two hands . It 's ok with our toddler , but I think with a newborn , when you want to have one hand on the baby , this would not be very convenient to use .
 Although this product keeps wipes warm , it is a pain and almost impossible to get replacement everfresh pillows that go in the bottom of the warmer to keep the wipes from browning . I have been trying in vain for two months to get the replacements from the company . I sent them a check and they have been unable to get the package to my house . When I call they have blamed the post office and their customer service has been unhelpful . Order at your own risk !
 This item seems like a really great idea ... you would n't want a cold wipe on your bottom , so why would baby . Unfortunately this product is not worth it , I found that I was constanly re-wetting the warming pad , or replacing it . The pop-top would not stay secured , and the flip top allowed the wiped to dry out , even with the warming pad fresh and wet . My son did n't even notice when I switched to cold wipes out of frustration with the product .
 we bought this warmer based on the good reviews posted here.i have to agree with a previous post that claimed that the wipes dont stay warm very long after being removed from the warmer . if we did not keep the warmer full , the wipes would dry out and we also did notice browning on the bottom few of the stack . again , maybe we got a bad one ? if this was suppose to be the best out there , i would hate to see how the worst would compare . we no longer are using this product as our baby doesnt seem to mind wipes right out of the pouch .
 Does not warm the upper part of the wipes and the lower part is almost `` Hot '' . Can not hold the entire pack of wipe I bought.Stupid pop up never works.My $ 5 wipe warmer works far better than this one .
 Between caring for my newborn and a two year old , I have forgotten to add water to the unit on more than one occasion . The pad in the bottom has become hard and burned and I am so afraid about this that I have taken the unit out of the nursery and I am no longer using it . Do any of us need one more thing to remember or one more chore to attend to ? I much prefer the older version of this product which was a top down warmer . They are much safer than warmers with the heating element in the bottom . The only down side to a top down warmer is you dont have a pop up system to dispense wipes and they sometimes stick together when you try to remove them from the unit . Still I wish they never changed the design .
 I bought this warmer for the obvious reason . Pampers wipees are the only wipes I could get to use also and the moisture pad that is kept in the bottom of the warmer needs constent water . You have to keep a very close eye or it dries up and so do half of your wipes . The pop up lid on mine stopped staying shut about 6 months after using the product , so I have to open the entire lid and when I do so water from condensation does spill out . My son is 10 mo now and I finally unpugged it because I was tired of the water mess and dry moisture pad . We 're expecting another baby and I plan on buying a different product .
 I like the idea of warm wipes for baby ... but I was very disappointed with this product . First of all , the dispenser is useless . We got so frustrated trying to get the wipes to dispense properly out of the top that we just gave up and opened the whole unit to get to them during changes . Second , the wipes are cold again about a second after you remove them from the container . I think this is defintely one of those products that you can do without.We have now just unplugged the thing and use it as an attractive wipes holder !
 This thing worked for about a month , then it stopped working completely ! Shame , I thought I 'd finally found a wipes warmer that worked ! I 've tried the munchkin and had to send that one back to ! I recommend just staying away from wipe warmers at all , and warm your babies wipes with warm sink water , none of the wipes warmers I 've given a chance have delivered ! Buy at own risk !
 We purchased the `` Warmies '' warmer first and loved it . We just were n't a fan of having to pull the wipes apart ourselves . We moved that one into our dining room for warm face wipes after eating and purchased this one for diaper changes.It 's awful.The amount of wipe that get 's pulled out of the top , is not warmed for the next use . This warmer also does n't get as warm as the Prince Lionheart Warmies one . We 're returning this one and purchasing another warmies
 After using this warmer less than a week I noticed that the wipes seemed dryer and rougher . Yesterday I went to get a wipe for my baby and saw they were brown and `` crispy '' ! So disappointed and frustrated ! I own the Dex brand wipes warmer and have never had to put a `` fresh pillow '' or anything like that in with the wipes . We 've been using the Dex warmer for about 2 months now and it 's been wonderful ! So I thought maybe the lionheart warmer HAD to use a fresh pillow and maybe that 's why it was n't working well . Til ' I came here and read that it boasts never turning brown or drying out . Wish I had the receipt ! I 'd take it back and get another Dex !
 We bought this warmer because we were told how great they were , especially to prevent boys from spraying from the coldness of regular wipes . However , we have been extremely disappointed ever since we plugged it in.First , there is no `` on - off '' switch , so if it 's plugged in , it 's always on . Second , the wipes are really not kept very warm - if you do n't use them in less than a second , they 're cold again - eliminating the reason why we bought this in the first place . Third , the wipes are n't dispensing through the top , so we have to lift the entire lid each time - a big inconvenience when you have a squirming baby . Finally , the unit is pretty large , so if you do n't have lots of extra space on your changing table , it becomes very cumbersome.In summary , we wish that we had n't thrown the box away so we could return it .
 My son is 4 months old and this is the second Lionheart wipes warmer that has broken . The latch mechanism that keeps the door shut breaks . I 'm not buying anymore Lionheart products .
 The lid NEVER stays closed . What 's the point in a wipe warmer if the constantly open lid lets all of the heat out ? I 'm giving it two stars instead of one , though , because it 's priced so much lower than others . Since I 'll only use it for another couple of months , I suppose I got what I paid for .
 I am pretty disappointed in this warmer . I have found that it pulls all the moisture out of the wipes and makes them dry and rough . The moisture from the wipes can be found in the form of water droplets all inside the warmer . So everytime you open the warmer you get water dripping out . The water dripping is a small issue and did n't really bother me . What bothers me the most is that I 've only used it about 3 weeks and the wipes are dried out and the bottom ones are brown . yuck . I 'll be going back to cold wipes I guess .
 I would not recommened this warmer . Save your $ 20.00 and spend it on something else . By the time you take the wipe out and use it on your child -LRB- about 10 seconds -RRB- , it is cold -LRB- just as cold as if you did n't have a warmer . Pop-up lid always pops open . Just not worth the money !!!
 Ofcouse this products warms up the wipes but pop ups lid does n't close after 3/4 weeks . I exchanged one after the lid go bad , second one same problem . I 'm using a duck tape to keep it close . If the lid does n't stay close wipes will dry out .
 If you are a 1st time mom with a crying baby and you are doing this by yourself and you cant have 10 eyes , this is a waste of money and I am sure glad I did not spend my own money on this but I felt bad for the person who gave it to me as a gift . You really have to be on your toes about it and who has the time , nevertheless ; the ENERGY !
 We used this for a little while , now its a glorified wipe dispenser . It dried out the wipes and we ended up throwing a bunch out . Our son did n't show any sort of preference of warm vs cold wipes . Sure with a baby boy the cold wipes give a greater chance of `` spraying '' , but it still happened with the warm wipes . Not to mention now that he is 14 months old he stands up on the changing table and opens the top and pulls all the wipes out of it . I am now just going to start using the plastic container , at least that is harder to get open .
 I 've read many good reviews about this warmer and decided to buy it . I followed all the instructions , but let me tell you the truth
 First of all , we cloth diaper and wipe - so this review is based on our experiences using it with cloth wipes and home made wipe solution -LRB- distilled water , olive oil , baby wash , and essential oils -RRB- . Because of this , issues like browning and drying out did n't really apply to us.My baby was born in November , and it was pretty chilly around here at that time . We started out using just water and cloth wipes on him , and it seemed to take forever to get the water to run warm in the bathroom in the middle of the night . I hated to put cold water on his little bum when he was already so upset at the indignity of having his diaper changed . I thought a wipe warmer would be a nice thing to have - this despite the fact that just a few months earlier , I thought the idea was ridiculous and unnecassary.We started using the wipe warmer when he was maybe a week old . By then , I thought it would be OK to no longer just use water to wipe him with , so I began using the warmer with my cloth wipes -LRB- baby washcloths -RRB- and home made solution.First of all , the warmer seemed to warm very inconsistantly . Sometimes the wipes would just be room temperature . Sometimes they were quite toasty . This was n't a huge deal , as the issue was really to get the chill off , but it did seem kind of weird.Second , with home made wipes , you ca n't use the pop-up feature . I knew this when I bought it , so this did n't upset or surprise me . However , when you open the warmer in the non-pop-up fashion ... as others mentioned , it does leak water from condensation building up inside . This was pretty irritating.Third , the warmer made our wipes smell downright funky . I do n't know if this is an issue with store bought , disposable wipes , but it was pretty nasty.After using this warmer for about two months , I ended up moving my wipes to an old Pampers wipes container . I also began adding white vinegar to my solution , which might have taken care of the funkiness issue even with the warmer , but even without this issue , I do n't think the warmer was worth my while -LRB- or money -RRB- . My baby has no problems with room temperature wipes . The warmer might reappear next time I have a newborn in the house , but I doubt it .
 I returned this wipe warmer to the store when I realized that it uses a wall wart rather than a standard electrical plug . I will probably buy the Especially for Baby warmer , which does not use a wall wart . Do you ever wonder why manufacturers use wall warts ? Because it 's cheaper to get UL certification for a wall wart than to get certification for the whole device .
 This product is pointless . New parents will not know any better but it is unnecessary ... You will not bring this with you when you travel etc. . Your child will be perfectly fine with out .
 This seems so ridiculous to me ! Do n't you think if your child has to sit in a warm , wet diaper , that a nice cool wipee would feel good on their little bottoms ? My daughter never had a problem w / the cold wipees , in fact they almost seemed to sooth her ! This is invention is way too over the top for me to even consider . It is the one gift -LRB- along with the diaper genie -RRB- that I refuse to buy my friends for their baby gifts !
 this product does nothing but dry out wipes . Why do you need a wipey warmer ! If you want the wipe to be warm , warm it in your hand . It is cheaper , easier and does n't dry out your wipes ! It is a waste of money and I am embarassed that I registered for such a wasteful , silly item !
 this wipe warmer made my sons bottem red because of the heat dont !!! buy !!!
 Never get a wipes warmer . They dry out ... Just ball it up in your hand for 3 seconds . Most babies do n't care if they 're cold anyway .
 OK , I got this at my shower , and I thought it was pretty neat . But I am basically using it as just a glorified wipe box , because it 's too much of a pain to do the warming part . There is this cloth that you put in the bottom that you have to make sure is always moist , and you have to keep it moist with bottled or distilled water . So I just throw a package of refills in it and use it just like that , with no warming . It looks really nice in my nursery , nicer than just a refillable box of Pampers wipes or something , but not worth the money to use just like this . I would n't have bought it myself , so it was nice to receive it as a shower gift.Plus , I like having my baby used to room temp wipes , because when I go out with her and do diaper changes with room temp wipes , she is used to it and does n't throw a fit . She did n't like room temp wipes at first , but now she expects them at room temp and does n't mind diaper changes at all !
 My husband bought this warmer when our daughter was born . He also bought one by DEX -LRB- Target sells them and Walmart used to -RRB- , not the travel one they sell here , but the full size one . Both warmed the wipes well enough , but I found the top of the Prince Lion Heart one did n't like to stay closed after a few months of using it -LRB- daughter is now 12 wks old -RRB- . The DEX just lifts ups and so you do n't have to worry about latches wearing out . I just bought another DEX brand warmer after the lid to the Prince Lion Heart one kept popping up on me and would n't stay shut . The plastic latch eventually wears out , so although it 's a good idea in theory , in reality it just does n't hold up . Also , I 've found that I like the design of the DEX one better ... the wipes warm from the top down , so you do n't have to worry about an `` Ever Fresh '' pad to change at the bottom . And it just makes more sense to warm from the top instead of the bottom -- you use the wipes from the top of the container , not the bottom , so who cares if the bottom of the pile of wipes is warm ? As you use the wipes , the air in the container stays warm and keeps the wipes warm all the way to the last one in the container . The browning that people are talking about -- I think I know what it is since the Ever Fresh pad that I have in mine is turning brown , even though I change it more often than what the manufacturers suggest and I use filtered water to moisten it instead of tap water . It still turns brown . Another reason I chose to buy another DEX warmer -- no pads to buy ! It 's just another thing to spend more money on and with 4 children , I do n't have that luxury ! Definitely go with the DEX Baby Products wipe warmer rather than this one .
 We bought a warmer when our baby was about 3 months old , since winter was approaching . A few days after we started using it , she broke out with a vicious diaper rash , which turned out to be yeast . -LRB- We treated it with Lotrimin -- the foot fungus/jock itch cream . -RRB- A friend happened to ask `` How 's the baby , '' so I casually mentioned the rash . The first thing she said was , `` You do n't have a wipes warmer , do you ?! '' She then told me of other mothers who warned her to never use one , because of the propensity to grow bacteria in the warm wet environment . -LRB- It 's the bacteria that throw off the baby 's balance , allowing the yeast to grow unchecked . -RRB- So , after owning this product for only a week , we threw it directly in the trash . Our baby is 10 months old now and we have not had a problem since . Be warned !
 I was told by my pediatrician to not buy a wipe warmer for a baby girl because the warm moist wipes allow bacteria to grow , which can cause infection and problems with the internal and external vaginal area . I do n't know what problems , if any , it may cause with a baby boy.Besides , is n't it cheaper to just hold the wipe between your hands or have your partner do it to warm them up ? - Christy
 I used this for a few weeks but it does n't work properly with anything other than Pamper 's wipes . The lid opens with the wipe and you wind up having to use two hands - not safe or efficient with a baby on the changing table -LRB- A Pain !! -RRB- . I took it back and got the Wipe Warmer with changing light by DEX and am very happy with it . It has locks on the lid so you can use it with any type of wipe , a night light , a window to see how many wipes remain inside AND there 's NO NEED TO BUY SPECIAL FOAM INSERTS EVERY FEW WEEKS . You just add water directly -LRB- see instructions . -RRB- I wish I bought this the first time !
 The reviews for this item were great ... however ... we had browning at the bottom of the wipes and the lid broke after 2 months of use . The wipes do not keep warm ... cool rather quickly . We have given up for fear of overheating .
 I was excited about the wipe warmer , until I actually used it . The wipes were barely even warm and the wetting pad that is placed in the bottom dried out very quickly . The box claimed each wet pad would last up to 3 months . Not true . I have been home from the hospital for 3 weeks and have already used 2 wetting pads . When you get to the last 20 wipes or so , they are completely dried out . For a product that had received such high reviews - I am very confused b/c to me this product is defective and unnecessary .
 I was excited about the wipe warmer , until I actually used it . The wipes were barely even warm and the wetting pad that is placed in the bottom dried out very quickly . The box claims each wet pad will last up to 3 months . Not true . I have been home from the hospital for 3 weeks and have already used 2 wetting pads . When you get to the last 20 wipes or so , they are completely dried out . For a product that had received such high reviews - I am very confused b/c to me this product is defective and an extra , unnecessary expense .
 Purchased this but it was not worth the money . Returned it and did without a warmer . By the time you remove the warm wipe it 's cold again when it hits your baby 's bottom . Good idea but it can not be too hot it would burn them so it 's sort of a waste .
 I was very disappointed with this warmer - It only warms the top few wipes - I had to buy another brand warmer ...
 What a waste , our newborn hated being changed , so we thought if he had heated wipes he would tolerate it better . However the wipe cooled off within seconds defeating the whole purpose . The pad had to be remiostened too often , and it just cluttered up our changing table .
 When I first saw the wipes warmer , I had to have it . I was having my first baby in the winter and did not want to wipe him with cold wipes . In the warmer , the wipes did not get very warm , they dried out and the pad was always drying out . The pad turned brown and stayed that way even after washing it according to the instructions . The wipes also became discolored . I was very excited about this product and I am now disappointed . I have since put it away and am using wipes directly from the tube .
 go to target or walmart and buy one instead for about the same price so you can return it if a problem . I bought this as a gift , the new mother found it broken and I ca n't return it as it has been over 30 days . Live and learn !
 This warmer is highly overrated . The wipes do n't get any warmer than room temp and they dry out quickly and turn brown . The stay fresh pad turned brown in the first few weeks and needs to be resoaked in water almost every day or it dries out too . Too much work for moms on the go .
 Do n't bother , this is the biggest waste of money . I wish now that I did not registered for it .
 I bought this baby wipe warmer in hopes that it was compatible with german housing . Well it wasnt . I should have read more into it . It basically just serves as a very expensive wipes holder . I dont really know how well it warmes up as I have n't been able to use it .
 I bought this thinking it would be good to have a warm wipe for the baby . What a waste of money ! I got rid of it the first week . It 's such a hassle . Do n't bother . . trust me .
 I am sorry to say that this product does n't do anything but provide extremely wet wipes . The many I faults I found were the following :1 -RRB- The only wipes that work in the popup dispenser are Pampers .2 -RRB- The pillow has to be saturated once a week for proper use . If you forget , the pillow and a stack of the bottom wipes dry out and become brown . -LRB- It claims the pillow does n't have to be changed for 3 months ... my daughter is going on 4 months and I 've gone through 3 pillows only forgetting to saturate twice . -RRB- 3 -RRB- The extreme moisture from the wipes requires a washcloth or towel on hand to wipe your baby 's bottom after the intial wipe , and4 -RRB- The wipe is cold by the time it gets to baby 's bottom.I would n't recommend this product . I gave it one star because it would n't let me give it zero .
 This product ruined by new son 's changing table , which would have been converted to his bureau when older . Following the caution I placed it on a mat and was horrified to find that even with the recommended protection layer it still ruined the finish and cracked the wood.The warmer is a great idea and I have enjoyed the comfort it provides . If you purchase this product be sure to by the plastic station caddy that sets it high off the surface . As ugly as it is , it will save your changing table . Frankly , I do not think this product should be sold without it .
 I really wanted to have a wipe warmer , thinking my son would prefer warm wipes over cold . Well , we used it for 6 weeks and it worked , but we did have a few problems . Number one , the wipes get SO WET that they do n't clean as well and you end up using more wipes than you normally would . Second , the top would n't latch properly so we were constantly having to pull the front tab out to get it to close correctly . Also , I was constantly pulling out more than one wipe at a time and having to stuff them back inside . It did keep the wipes nice and warm , but I finally decided it was n't worth the hassle and put it away in favor of the wipe holders that come with the wipes . They just work better and my son could n't care less if the wipes are warmed or not .
 I returned it because it dried out the wipes on the top and SOAKED the ones on the bottom - there was too much waste . I now use a travel size one that works GREAT !
 The wipes warmer is a great idea . In theory.But I washed that pad in the washing machine , soaked it with distilled water every time , rotated the wipes , etc. etc. . Seems like we all did everything we were supposed to do . And the pad still gets brown and the wipes are dry.The top lid does n't latch , and that seems to be why the wipes dry out -LRB- not because of warming -RRB- . This product is great for the first few days . You 're much better off with the plastic pop-top container you can buy wipes in . Then just warm the wipes in your hands .
 We were rather disappointed with this warmer and ended up returning it and getting the Dex warmer which works MUCH better . Warmers are meant to just take the chill out of the wipes but this one didnt do that very well . The lid is also inconvenient to use - you have to push a button to open and close it each time ; no easy flipping like the Dex . Not worth it !
 We live in a very cold weather area , and theres nothing worse then having to rub a cold wipe on poor baby in the middle of the night . The wipe warmer made perfect sense ... HOWEVER ... it dries the wipes out so much that it hardly does the job its intended for -- cleaning baby bottoms . We do n't use it at all anymore , just deal with cold wipes that clean our daughter . Great idea , needs work .
 I had the Munchkin wipe warmer with my son , but decided to try something different with my second baby . The reviews for the Prince Lioheart warmer seemed great , so I thought I would give it a try . My husband and I did not like it at all . I mean we loved the style of the warmer , but what we did n't like about it was that there is no top warmer as the warmer is strictly on the bottom , therefore the wipes are n't that warm . The Munchkin warmer has a top and bottom warmer , so all your wipes are nice and warm for your baby . Like I said , this is a very nice warmer , but it is just missing a top warmer in my opinion .
 I ordered this warmer after using a DEX warmer for the last 2 years . This warmer is so-so . It does not hold as many wipes as my original DEX ; it varies with keeping the wipes very moist or sometimes dry by the bottom of the pile and it does n't seem to lock closed to allow me to pull out the wipes . With these frustrations , it forced me to have my DH open up our DEX and fix the loose wire . We are now back to using the DEX - which we could n't find anywhere to repurchase .
 I found that in order to keep the wipes warm you had to severly saturate the sponge on the bottom . Which in turn would leave your wipes so wet you might as well use a wet towel . The concept works but the design is worthless .
 As a first time Mom , I thought I definately needed this product , but I was wrong ! If you do n't keep enough water in the bottom , your wipes will get dried out and turn brown - and who has time to keep it watered ! Even if that did work , by the time you get the warm wipe out of the container and to the baby 's bottom , it 's already cold by the time it gets there . Save your money on this one !
 The purpose of this item is to warm baby wipes , unfortunately it did n't work that way . It does warm a little bit but couple of sec after you take a piece of wipes out of the warmer , it 's darn cold . Other than that , the lid lock does n't hold well , it takes all your time just to fix it , to keep it close . If it happens to have a 0 rating here , I should have given them that . Waste of money .
 The warmer comes with the Ever Fresh Pad -LRB- $ 7.99 for 2 -RRB- . . `` necessary to prevent browning and to keep the unit sanitary '' but the bottom layers of wipes go brown anyway so at the end I had to throw away many wipes . Off course I try keeping a lot of water in the bottom but then when I got to the bottom wipes they were drenched , and I had to squeeze each wipe in order to use them.One more thing , each time you open the lid to check the pad , or because the `` pop up '' feature does n't work -LRB- it just works with Pampers Wipes -RRB- , water will spill out and you 'll think the pad is still wet when it 's really not . If you buy it , be sure to check the botton at least twice a week , if not I 'm sure the pad will be dry and the wipes brown .
 This warmer broke after only 2 months of use . It as extremely hot on the bottom and every time you grab a wipe , it opens so you end up having to use two hand to operate . The whole warmer is quite heavy and when moved it 's cumbersome , not for easy diaper changes in another room . Only wipes that worked in it were Pampers , all other we have to pull out by opening it . What a waste of money ! I have since purchased a Munchkin Warmer and was VERY pleased with that one thus far . That model has a lock on the door , as to not fly open every time you grab a wipe !
 While its nice to use warm wipes on baby 's bottom , the lid does n't stay closed anymore after a few months use . Also , I did n't use bottled water to wet the warming cloth , which keeps browning up and there is stuff now growing on the bottom of the box : -LRB-
 We bought this at Babies R Us and are not impressed . The wipes are warm , but the opening in the top is so big that a whole string of wipes come out at one time , making it impossible to keep one hand on baby while reaching for the wipes . The opening should be smaller so the wipes SEPARATE while pulling them through the top opening . If I was n't so used to it by now , I 'd just use electrical tape to cover part of the hole so only one came out at a time . -LRB- Would change it to '' *** '' or '' **** '' if I could after 6mo . of use . -RRB- And two years later ... . just adding to this review here at 28 months ... the top does not stay shut sometimes . This is n't new . We had this with the first one and I exchangeded it to Toys R Us at the time . After many months of use , the darn latch STILL was not working , so I called the company . They were REALLY GREAT and sent me a new lid at no cost to me . Guess what ? Same problem . The lids just do n't latch well for some reason ! I deal with it when it occasionally happens . I have no idea what makes this happen -LRB- humidity ? heat/cold ? -RRB- but I stand there and hit close , close , close , close , close until it shuts . Sometimes if you shove a wipe in the latch it helps close it , or at least un-jam it . Very wierd . Maybe I have a wipes warmer ghost , but I have had problems with their lids from day one .
 I was excited to have received the wipes warmer as a shower gift , but now I wish I had taken it back and bought something more useful . The wipes are maybe half a degree warmer than they would be straight out of the package !! Also , when you start getting to the end of your stash of wipes , they are completely dried out ! We have now unplugged this waste of an item and use it as a wipes refill case and my baby has n't noticed a difference - you can get a tub of wipes for $ 3 vs. throwing away a good $ 20 on nonsense !!!
 I received this item off of my registery . After only using it for a week and following the manufacturers directions , I went to rewet the pad . Imagine my surprise to find that the bottom of the pad had been scorched by the heat from this product . I quickly took this product back to Babiesrus and they refunded our money , and asked that I contact the manufacturer and inform them of the problem I had with this item .
 Did not keep the wipes warm at all . I did n't think they were any warmer than the temperature of her nursery . You 're better off just using a baby wash cloth with warm water or holding the wipe in your hand until it warms a bit . It does n't turn them brown however and they did stay really moist , so I 'll give it 2 stars for that only . Save your $ $ .
 Do n't bother with this wipes warmer , it barely warms the wipes and by the time you reach the baby with your barely-warmed wipe , it has cooled off to room temperature anyways . It 's a waste of space and cash , do n't buy it !
 I am reading these reviews and people are talking about some cloth at the bottom of the warmer . We never had one of them come in ours . We got ours as a shower gift for our daughter . At first I thought this was pretty cool since it would keep everything warm , but once we got 2/3 of the way down all the wipes were dry and turning brown . I wasted more wipes then used them with this warmer . Personally , I would tell you to pass on this product . Use your money for something more useful instead .
 At first , our daughter hated cold wipes . She would cry at diaper changes . So my husband and I spent the money for this wipe warmer and thought it would be worth it if it warmed the wipes as advertised . We were very disappointed.The wipes are barely even room temperature , but worse than that , they 're wet ! Water drips from the warmer when you open the lid . They also smell funny . We never used wipes from the warmer . I figured a cool , fresh wipe from the plastic wipe tub was better than a cool , wet , stinky one from an overpriced wipe warmer . And after a few days , our daughter Riley got used to cool wipes and she no longer complains.My advice
 I hate this product . Not only do you have the maintenance of always having to keep the pad wet -LRB- trust me , you do n't think about that until it has already dried your wipes out -RRB- , but when it is wet and working , it makes the wipes TOO moist ! It 's just supposed to warm them , but moisture builds up in it and makes the top wipes way too moist . Now that I have it and it 's opened , I 'm just using it to hold my wipes , I 'm done with plugging it in .
 I would not recommend this product . I also had the problem others have mentioned where the pop up lid does n't stay shut . I have had to resort to leaving somrthing heavy on top of the warmer so that it does n't pop up , which looks ridiculous . I also was disapointed that you ca n't use the pop up feature with Huggies wipes . I received a case of them for a shower gift and have to open the top each time to use . I also do n't think the wipes stay that warm . I would n't waste my money !!!
 I bought this product 6 months ago , I came home from work one day when no one else was home & I found the canopy collapsed inside the Pack n Play . It somehow on its own snapped & broke apart . I kept the product indoors in a cool environment . I do not understand how this could happen . It was great for the 6 months it lasted . But not the best buy for the money if it only lasts 6 months .
 Do not use the canopy on the pack n play if there is even the slightest hint of a breeze . . save yourself and your baby from the tears that you will shed when a slight breeze comes along and picks that whole unit up off the ground and flips over , faceplanting your child into the dirt . It did n't take much for this to happen to me . Luckily , my son did not get hurt . . but moms . . take me seriously . . IT DID NOT TAKE MUCH . I would have marked no stars on this but I had to use at least one to make my comment in this review space .
 This canopy came with our Pack ` N Play , so we did n't have to purchase it separately . Good thing , or we would 've returned it right away!We ultimately purchased the set in hopes of using the canopy along with the bassinet feature -LRB- in order to keep our cats from jumping into it -RRB- . Upon reading the manual , however , we found that the company recommends you do not use the two components together.What 's more , as my husband was installing the canopy for the first time , one of the poles easily snapped , and we had to wait several weeks for a replacement from the company . Though we had trouble getting anyone on the phone for days , we finally reached Graco via the Internet , and are glad to report that there was no charge for the replacement part , -LRB- ... -RRB- P > Once the canopy was in place , we could see that the ceiling was fairly low , and though we have n't used it out of doors yet , it seems -LRB- especially with the dark-colored backing -RRB- that it could get very warm in there quickly . Consequently , they do state this in the manual as well .
 We bought this in hopes of keeping our 19-month-old climbing baby in her pack-n-play . After discarding the useless directions and finally managing to screw on the front brackets , we discovered that the front poles just rest in slots and the back has tiny clips . So not only does it pop off when pushed by little hands on the inside , it pops off on its own as well ! It will not stay on if your kid is able to stand , reach above the edge of the p-n-p , and push . We 'll be returning it tomorrow .
 I purchased this canopy for use on my brand new graco pack-n-play and it does not fit ! I was attempting to put it together when i read in the instructions that it does not fit if you have a rounded edge pack-n-play . Nowhere in the description when I purchased it was this mentioned . I had to buy it , open it , then read it in the instruction booklet - What a waste of time !!!!! I ended up purchasing the sport/outdoors pack-n-play by Graco for use outdoors and i love it ! It is great for being outside . I would recommend this one instead of the canopy .
 It was n't meant for the rounded ends of my PnP but it fit in an ugly way anyway . We used it twice maybe . It just was n't feasible . . not as much as I thought it would be.I would save the money and just keep the child out of the sun .
 It 's a good idea but ... from a mommy perspective it 's not very practical . I would always forget them or would be so hassled by the car seat and diaper bags or whatever . When I did use them by the time I found a cart and then dug out the covers and peeled the backings the kid would be howling . If you put the child in the cart first - it 's already too late . After while you get to the point where it just does n't matter that much to you anymore . I would save the money and just keep a travel pack of huggies wipes handy to wipe down the bars and little hands .
 This product is a piece of crap . . I wanted it because it said it was crash tested and can not be kicked off . . I did n't get to see it in person before ordering it ... it is so small and only covers the very bottom of the seat . . the `` blanket '' that comes with it , is the size of a hanky . . and as thin as the material they give you when you buy a pair of eye glasses , to clean them ... ridiculous . . ok it was only 10 $ but its still wasted money . . pass on this one . . use a regular blanket or make sure your child is properly layered . . I usually like Graco products but this one is a dud ! : -LRB-
 Although the gate has two places that needs to be secured to the banister , the kit only comes with 1 piece so make sure you order 2 . It would seem logical that it would come with 2 but I digress . Once both piece came they do the job fairly well .
 Purchased Today 's Tot Norfolk Table and 2 chair and found one of he chairs was completely split in two pieces . I called the distributor and was told a new seat would sent to my grandson , it has yet to happen .
 I ordered this table from BabyAge on 3/2/07 . As of 4/3/07 , I finally had to call and cancel the order since we had not received it . Prior to the cancelation , I waited three weeks and then made two phone calls to customer service . They promised to send me a shipping number , which I never got . I gave up . BabyAge never contacted me about the delay they had in the supplier and I had to contact them . They were not willing to compensate me for the length of time and trouble . I was so excited to get this table and it had said it would ship in 5-7 days . I was so disappointed and am trying to find another store to purchase a table , one with better customer service .
 I thought this was a great idea at first when my daughter was first born . I was able to nurse her in the sling and carry her around the house doing chores while she slept . I love all the cute patterns and that its washable . But once she got bigger it killed my back and neck . I wish there was padding on the shoulder area for Mom . But if you have any neck/back/shoulder problems stay away.I wish I could have used it more .
 I liked this mobile because it matches the nursery . Unfortunately , that 's ALL it does . It is a wind up , which is ok , except the mechanism sticks , so you have to stand there and make sure it plays while you wait to wind it up after it stops playing after 3 seconds . And when it DOES play , it lasts for about 30 seconds . This is a shoddy product that defeats the purpose of having a mobile . It 's really annoying for mom and baby . I bought another one right away . 40 bucks is a rip off for this mobile .
 I order this item 2 days ago and was going to pay 5.95 for shipping and today -LRB- monday -RRB- i got an email that my order was canceled and when i went to find out why , relized they jacked up the shipping to 12.95 !! I will not be shopping with this company again !!
 Agree with many other poor reviews . Because it 's in two pieces , urine is collected in between so for boys it is a problem . Apparently the instructions indicate the need to take apart and clean . But I do n't have to take apart my toilet after I go ... why should I have to take apart a seat for my son ? Cheap and not very sanitary .
 I bought this seat for my 21/2 year old son because he did n't like sitting on the `` little potty '' . I thought it would be good because it has that built-in pee catcher in the front . The problem is that the seat is way too small . My son is average size and every time I try to put him on the seat , it takes several times to get him in the right position . It is very hard to get him on there so his penis is anyhwere close to peeing into the toilet . He always seems to be hanging over the edge so the pee will go on the floor . I hate this seat and I will have to buy a different brand .
 The first time I sat it on the toilet for my daughter to use it she sat down and it fell through the toilet seat under her !!! Not recommened for oblong toilets .
 As if potty training were n't already frustrating enough this product now makes it possible to have to clean up a mess even if your child makes it all in the toilet . Urine gets stuck between the two pieces and spills out if you try to move it . It never really feels clean ans just makes an already messy process worse .
 This product could more appropriately be called a `` toddler urine catcher , '' because that 's what it does . What do I mean ? I mean that urine actually collects inside of it and then drips out -LRB- after fermenting for a few days -RRB- around the edges and on to your real toilet seat . Obviously the people that designed this are childless .
 The two separate pieces of this potty seat make it a pain to clean . When my son pees on it , his pee usually hits right in the seam and the pee goes between the two pieces , collecting there , then spilling when I take it off the potty and making it necessary for me to clean it frequently . It 's a pain and I 'm searching Amazon right now to find another potty seat to buy . It 's a shame , because other than that one thing , I really like it . Maybe it works better for girls .
 I really , really ca n't stand this toilet seat . All it does is collect urine in between the 2 parts . And then when you take it off the toilet , more urine drips onto my floor . No thanks .
 This seat would not fit our toilet seat . It is very unstable when my toddler tries to sit on it , it slides back or left/right . That means he ca n't even try to go on himself without sitting on it wrong or possibly falling in . Also the boy pee blocker in front scrapes his penis . :P Also was afraid the hole looks so small!We decided to buy the munchkin potty seat instead which fit perfectly.Munchkin Secure Comfort Potty Seat , Colors May Vary
 If you are training a boy , do n't bother getting this seat . The urine guard is a joke . It might be fine for bowel movements , but not peeing . I think we 'll keep it around for our daughter , but for right now I 'm going to have to figure something else out for our son.There was a reviewer whose son was horribly injured by this seat because it was too sharp . I will say that ours is very smooth , so I hope this means that they have at least fixed that problem .
 i wish i had seen the reviews on this before we bought it . i came on here to also chime in on what a terrible design it is for boys !! it is designed to come apart and that means when the boys sit and pee , it just collects urine between the white and blue pieces . they snap together , so to clean the seat , you have to struggle to get it unsnapped . meanwhile , the urine just pours out of where it has collected . the hole is too small as well , guaranteeing a mess to have to clean up if he has to do # 2 . if you have extra time on your hands and enjoy added stress during potty training , this is your seat ! otherwise , keep looking !
 This is a HORRIBLE potty seat ! Do NOT buy ! This seat comes with two main pieces
 This seat does n't work right . Somehow my daughter 's pee would run between the plastic base and the foam seat and it was disgusting ! The foam pads also fell off of the bottom quickly . For my next daughter we purchased this seat :[ ... -RSB- It works perfectly , stays clean , and is all around way better .
 This potty seat slides all over our current toilet seat , giving my son a wild ride . The hole also is n't big enough to get all of the important parts over the toilet at once . It may work for you , but it does n't work for us .
 The seat is two pieces , a somewhat soft white seat fitted into a blue plastic frame . When my son pees , the small deflector effectively keeps the urine from spilling all over the front of the seat , but it then runs down the front of the seat on the inside , and collects under the white seat , between it and the blue frame . I first noticed it was doing this when one day I picked it up and thick , old , dark yellow urine dripped from it when I thought it was clean . I could n't figure it out , until I managed to pop out the white seat and saw a lot more urine trapped within the seat . And a HORRIBLE smell . What the heck ??? How could this not be addressed or even noticed by the company ? I 'm obviously not the first reviewer to have this problem.Well I cleaned it up and resolved to just making sure it was clean daily . But after a few days that just became too much extra work . And should n't even be necessary . And it 's messy and smelly . Plus , even when clean , it retains a stale urine odor that simply did n't go away . So forget it . It 's trash and I bought the Baby Bjorn one instead.I should say that typically I love First Years products . Thought not very attractive , they are usually made well and last forever . With a third baby on the way , that 's more important than looks ! But they seriously screwed up on this one . Too bad .
 We have not really gotten into training our 14 month old grandson , but his mom and I thought this seat would be good in both homes and I do like the looks of it and how easy it fits onto the toilet
 I have a 3 year old son who ended up having to get 11 stitches on his penis because of how sharp this potty seat is . The inside seam , where the top & the bottom molds of the potty seat connect , has a very sharp strip . You 'll see it/feel it if you have one.Anyhow he jumped off cause he was excited that he had gone & then immediately began to scream . I guess his skin got ripped as it scraped against the sharp strip . We spent the day in the emergency room . No parent , yet alone a poor little boy should have to go through this.THIS POTTY SEAT NEEDS TO BE RECALLED !
 This toilet seat may sit on your toilet and look nice -LRB- they can sit comfortably and hold on -RRB- the only problem is , it catches quite a bit of the urine between the two pieces . Definitely not worth it . Might as well have a little potty to clean up instead .
 I have had the same experience with this potty trainer as several other reviewers here . Urine collects in the molded plastic piece on the underside so that it runs out any time you lift the trainer off the toilet . Because of this , it 's impossible to get it really clean and it does pick up a nasty urine odor . Also , it is n't quite big enough for little boys - My 2 year old has to scoot all the way back onto the back of the ring in order to avoid peeing over the front of it onto the floor . Fine , unless he also has to do '' # 2 '' - in which case , he ends up getting pooh all over the back of the potty ring . This is just a poorly thought out product . Save your money .
 Bought this at the store for my grandson to use while visiting . Problems
 Up until now this has been a great potty seat for us
 I am so displeased with this item - I 'm on a search to contact the company now to complain about it . I thought it was fine for the first few weeks , then I noticed a horrible odor in my bathroom - it always smelled like urine and I could not figure out why . The one day , my daughter was putting her potty seat on our toilet . She tipped it up and all of this urine poured out onto her pants and socks . Unknown to me , urine had been collecting between the white soft seat and the blue base of this product - the source of the horrible odor . I 've made it part of my cleaning rituals to take the seat apart and clean it every week - yet the smell still lingers . Every time I use my bathroom , I can smell that awful smell - I hate it . No matter what I do , I ca n't get rid of it . I 'm on a mission to purchase a better trainer seat .
 We have been using these Kandoo Wipes for several months now and last night had to have our pipes snaked . THey pulled out SEVERAL wipes in perfect condition ! They get caught in the lines and cause major problems ... for us , they caused the sewer lines to back up into our basement ... YUCK !!! The ease of cleaning my toddler after going potty is not worth sewage all over my basement and the $ 100 + bill I got charged for the plumber ! If you need to use them ... DO NOT FLUSH THEM !! Put them in a trash can instead !
 I bought these because they 're flushable . The perfume is strong , which let 's face it ... it 's not good for down there ... it burns and it hurts for several minutes after using them . Whomever thought of that , was n't too bright . Do n't waste your money on Kandoos . They definitely KanDO N'T . I bought Wet Ones instead and they work fantastic , no burning , no pain of any kind and they 're also flushable . I wish they were the size of actual baby wipes . I also wish they 'd make some that are free of fragrances but they work just fine . The best Wet Ones I found were with Aloe and they 're hypoallergenic .
 * WARNING * Never flush any wipes in your toilet at all if they say there flushable because there not . I justed experience that.They will clog your toilet up very badly and have many problems.My husband and I on 3-5-05 spent $ 147.00 for a sewer/drain guy to come out and fix a back up problem from flushable wipes.They were pulling out alots and alots of them.If you use any wipes flushable make sure you put them in trash for now on .
 We just had our sewer line back up into our house . While the plumber was snaking the sewer cleanout , he extracted several `` flushable '' baby wipes , which had not degraded at all . They appeared to be in perfect condition , actually . Consumer reports recently tested some of the other brands , which did n't even break down after three months in water . For comparison , toilet paper breaks down in one minute . So while they are very convenient for kids , they are not good for your plumbing . Buyer beware .
 Be really careful of this one ! We have been using the wipes for a few months and just this week we had a back log in the toilet . I was thinking maybe something else had happened and then the poor bowl could n't take it anymore . The cost of the drain clearing was more then $ 150 USD ! We came out with a grocery bag of kandoo wipes . I have only used 3 packs ! I did n't flush more then the recomended amount and the backup happened at the end of our private line . If this is what they do at the end of three packs and a month or two , I can only imagine what happens to other people!Kandoo will be getting a bill from our home . Do n't let it happen to yours!The product was a great idea for our son who was training . The marketing was perfect and we liked the orange packs scent . But overall with the misrepresentation of the product I have to flush this product down the drain ... Ooops forgot , they do n't flush !
 On the bottom of the Kandoo box it says , `` for best results flush only one or two at a time . '' That is all that we used -LRB- once or twice a day -RRB- and the mess and headache it caused is ridiculous . It has been six days since we started using Kandoo and all I can say is that they are a big fat KANDONT . In less than a week we 've had to rent an auger twice -LRB- to the tune of more than $ 100 -RRB- to clear out the main water line to our house . Twice we have ended up with raw sewage in our basement . We could n't figure out why , all of a sudden , we were having issues and it then occurred to us that the only thing that had changed was using the Kandoo wipes . The last time the auger was used my husband pulled out a huge wad of wipes.Do yourself a favor and skip the Kandoos . You 'll save a lot of time , energy , money and avoid a big nasty mess . If your little one needs a little extra help in the bathroom , buy some pop-up baby wipes and make sure that they throw them away -LRB- we 're going to use a large Ziploc bag just for this purpose -RRB- . I will never , ever purchase Kandoos again . They do n't smell that great and are simply not worth it .
 These are nifty products but DO N'T FLUSH THEM !!! Like others here , we ended up having to snake the pipes and , yep , these were the culprits . Very expensive culprits .
 I just finished snaking our drain pipes and found a nice clog made entirely of Kandoos . We have n't even finished using a small package yet and they already caused our drains to back up . These may be an attractive concept , but beware !
 The re-usable storage tub is poorly designed and poorly manufactured . The hinged lid does not seal . The top one or two wipes are dry within hours . Another example of a product that never should have been . Complete junk like this certainly gives Pampers a bad name in my book .
 I 'm pretty upset that I placed this order on Jun 30th and still have not recieved it . Please send ASAP.Courtney Yin-LaVoie
 I really liked this , but baby did not . He screamed and cried every time I tried it and he looked squished .
 I have not even fully assembled this product and already I regret the purchase . I am assembling it for our church nursery , but I can not imagine being sleep deprived from having a baby and having limited free time , trying to assemble this . I purchased another brand also , more expensive , with not nearly this much work . It would be worth it to me to pay more and do less . Im sure it will be fun for the babies once I get it put together but ...
 My daughter is 7 months old and this is the only product I have ever felt compelled to review . I purchased this exersaucer to use at our vacation home and at grandmom 's house . I felt uneasy putting my baby in this from the start . Not quality . It is terrible ! If you look at the picture closely the seal , the rocking horse and elephant all have protrusions on them . They are like little hammers , the plastic on them is really hard ! My daughter pushed on the seal and it bounced back and whacked her in the head . It caused a huge bump and tears ! To be safe , we removed all of them . The only thing left on this for her to play with is a soft lion that she can teethe and a rattle . I could have bought both for under $ 10.00 ! The carousel spinner plays stupid music and blinks a single red light that barely attracts her attention . I am leery of the carousel also , since the plastic on this is really hard too . It seems to have the potential to injure her as well . THIS IS JUST JUNK ! I have reported what happened to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission . The idea of this folding is wonderful and one of the reasons for the purchase , but everytime we try to fold it up , the legs fall off and the springs pop out . The food tray is useless . -LRB- Who feeds their child in the middle of playing ? -RRB- The space this takes up could be much better utilized with another toy . I have a Baby Einstein exersaucer at home and it is so much better , safer and much more entertaining . Spend $ 10-20 more , it is worth it ! I am taking this back to the store tonight !
 A child 's toy that the batteries are not meant to be replaced ? Especially at this price ? Come on , get a clue . Now do n't get me wrong - you can replace them with a lot of work .1 -RRB- Open the case with a small phillips screwdriver -LRB- think eyeglasses size2 -RRB- Carefully pull out circuit board where the batteries are attached3 -RRB- Pry down the tabs that are holding the batteries in the metal strapping that is soldered to the circuit board4 -RRB- Read the batteries for size -LRB- no indication in their documents of course -RRB- 5 -RRB- Drive to the store to get batteries -LRB- these are watch batteries - something you wo n't commonly have around the house -RRB- 6 -RRB- Slide battery in7 -RRB- Bend tabs back up8 -RRB- Carefully slide circuit board back in9 -RRB- Screw the darn thing back together10 -RRB- It 's play time - WHEW ! ** Also , ours does NOT have the 10 or 15 songs -LRB- depends where you read about the product -RRB- It only plays one -LRB- 1 -RRB- circus theme .
 Honestly I have a Baby Einstein one at home that is absolutely great . This one I got as a 2nd for my child to use at daycare . Granted if it 's just a spare , then it 's totally fine for the money , but for one you 'd use normally it 's not worth it . The top is spring loaded , so under the very top play portion are some springs , I 'm assuming so the child can jump in the thing and play . Truthfully , they do n't need springs to be able to jump when they are ready to . Also , the 3 feet on the very bottom that you pull out so the saucer does not rock , are quite flimsy and do n't really do what they are intended to do . Between this and the spring loaded top , it 's more like a coaster ride for someone too young to appreciate it . Instead what it does is makes the thing feel very unsturdy to me and apparently to my child as well , who is always scared when left in it , because the thing moves all over . The toys are just ok . If you just want plain toys fine , although I prefer something a little more educational or something that appeals more to their senses . My child just sits there and does n't touch anything . Partially probably because he 's scared the thing will move again and partially because they are n't all that exciting . Yet , put him in the Baby Einstein one , he 's happy as a clam . I 've heard of other people that purchased the higher-end Evenflo ones and although I have n't tried them , they were happy with those . But for the value and what you get , I 'd definitely choose the Baby Einstein over this .
 The only reason I bought this one for $ 60 + versus a comparable exersaucer for around $ 25 was because of the music - the `` 12 songs plus flashing lights '' . Well , there 's just one little toy that has the lights and music . The batteries ran out in about 1 month , and the problem is , you ca n't replace the batteries -LRB- not easily -RRB- . I 'm mechanically inclined , so I opened up the toy , found it takes 3 little LR44 `` button '' batteries , but they 're on a circuit board with tiny , brittle , poorly soldered wires . I removed the batteries carefully , and replaced them with 3 new batteries -LRB- which cost $ 12 by the way -RRB- . The toy still would n't work -LRB- and yes , I put them in correctly -RRB- . Now this exersaucer cost me $ 72 + , and has no music or lights at all . The rest of the toys on it are just junk that our daughter could care less about . Do n't waste your money - just buy a cheaper model .
 We bought this toy when our daughter was 4 months old . She grew with it ... loved the music , which is why we bought this particular model . However , we soon found that once the battery ran out on the music toy , it could n't be replaced . That part of the exersaucer became useless . We 've since had another baby . He never got to use the music part of the toy . We took it down after one month of use because of boredom . The plastic toys are cheap and boring . Since the only part that was good about this toy was the music , it 's a waste of time and money because you ca n't replace the battery .
 I honestly never had much luck with this exersaucer . The baby would stay in it for a few minutes and then would cry .
 Initially I was okay with this toy . However , the plastic is hard on a lot of the pieces and I thought my baby might injure himself , he did n't . The part that I am most unhappy about is the book like tabs with stickers . The stickers have worn away with teething , most likely swallowing it . I will not use this product again .
 I bought this for my 4 month old . First thing , I 'm pretty sure that at the store this had said `` minimal assembly required '' , yeah right it took me forever ! At least 30-45 minutes !! She had a lot of interest in the lion teether thing . She wanted so badly to chew on it but could n't get it to maneuver on its side to get it into her mouth . Needless to say , she was VERY frustrated !! She liked the circus tent with the music , she was able to spin it very easily as well as the monkey spin barrel . She had no interest in any other toys on the thing , Except the extra `` switcharoo '' crinkle bumble bee we put on it in one of the other toys ' place . Also the seat did n't seam to spin very easily either . She would only sit in this thing for about two minutes before crying to get out ! Thats when I decided to just exchange it for something else . So , I went to collapse it to put it back in the box . In order to do this , apparently you need to press EXTREMELY hard on these tabs on the bottom of the legs . I finally got it and thats when my thumb nail was ripped half way off -LRB- below the skin , way below -RRB- wow did that hurt ! I 'm definetly not getting another exersaucer like this !
 This product is not that great as far as exersaucers go - we replaced a few of the toys for more exciting ones . At least evenflo makes replacements . The main complaint I have is that the flip book that comes with this seems to always get little fingers caught in it . My 6 month old daughter loves to turn the pages -LRB- and chew on them -RRB- but she would always get the side of her fingers caught . This lead to numerous tears and we finally took that toy off . The other thing is that she sometimes just sits in the exersaucer , not playing . I do n't think it stimulates her enough . If I had to do it again , I would buy a better model . This one just is n't that great .
 My 5 month son is very active and when we put him in this exersaucer ... he gets bored in a matter of minutes . There is not much for him to play with . I looked at other entertainers at the store and there are definitely some better ones out there . Overall , this is not worth buying . Check others out first !
 I bought this exersaucer mainly because I wanted my boy to jump in it . but we realized that it 's quite hard for him . It even takes a bit of an effort when I tried to press it down with my hands . It 's not as exciting as I thought it 'd be . Very dissapointed .
 I received this Exersaucer as a gift and was incredibly disappointed at the quality of the toys on it . My niece and nephew have the castle/fairy tale themed Ultrasaucer and it is loaded with cute and interactive toys . My baby even loves the clear spring covers as they are so colorful ! Unfortunately , the Mega Circus model not only too few toys , but the toys are also so much more basic ! -LRB- I do n't expect that my child will use this for too long . -RRB- For the cost , I would have expected some more interesting and interactive , not just a few `` colorful plastic animals on pegs '' . There are much better activity centres out there , not much thought looks to have gone into this one and it is n't worth the money . Lastly , not sure if it was just me but I found it very diffucult to fold .
 I started using the exersaucer when my son was four months because he could control his head . I loved the toy because I felt safe using it at such a young age . My son 's favorate part of the toy was the circus tent that spins and lights up . Unfortuanately , the batteries in the circus tent are NOT replacable . The circus tent stopped lighting up and playing music about a month and half after we purchased the item . Now my son has lost interest in the exersaucer since it no longer lights up or plays music .
 Terrible , cheap product . Barely fit the mattress before washing ! After washing it was almost impossible . I bought a couple of these and tore one of them getting it on the mattress !
 ordered a six dollar sheet a month ago and I am still waiting for it I will never order from amazon again for anything it 's ridiculous
 I bought 3 of Springmaid 's crib sheets . None of them can fit the crib mattress !!! I went to Target and Walmart , just bought 3 more , and they all fit well !! I agree with the last review , what is wrong?Now I have to use them for other uses .
 Two `` Springmaid '' crib sheets were ordered and neither one fit the crib mattress . What is wrong with this product ? I bought another sheet at the store and it fit . So it is not my mattress . No Bargain .
 The exposed velcro on these snagged the rug or carpet as my baby crawled , and pulled the rug up with him . We have a gigantic baby , so may not be a problem for others .
 We were excited to find these kneepads for my 7 month old daughter . Since it is summer , she wears clothing that exposes her knees and our carpet gives her rug burns . We bought these kneepads hoping that they would keep her from rubbing her knees raw . They did cushion and she did wear them for a week . The kneepads did not slide off her skin , that we were pleased of . However , the velcro that keeps the pads on the knees completely came apart at the seams . We are disappointed that this product did not last longer , especially at this price .
 This company must be in kahoots with Walking Wings to corner the market on one-time use , money wasting produced geared to overprotective parents with nothing better to do than worry about jr. . This time , it 's the impact of floors and carpets on knees . If a child is crawling enough to damage their knees , then they should start walking . By the time my son 's knees were red from carpet burns , he figured out walking was faster and less painful . Ta-da , a three week preemie walking before 12 months . Use the money for something important , like a college fund .
 Not enough give or bend . They slide right down the baby 's legs . Do what I did ... go buy a pair of wrist sweat-bands -LRB- found in the sporting goods section -RRB- at your local walmart . Cut a little hole out of the `` back '' of each band and then cut a little slit above it and then below it -LRB- this gives the band some give -RRB- . Slide those over your baby 's knees and you 'll be set . Much thicker and softer !!!
 We put these on our baby , and he stopped crawling . He just sort of dragged his legs behind him . He most definitely did not like the kneepads and they hindered him completely . We took them off , and sent them back . Dont waste your money or time on this item .
 The first and most important thing about these pads is that they wo n't stay put for a long time . My son is a power crawler and they slip right off . You 'd have to make them so tight that it would stop the blood flow in order to keep it in place . It drove me crazy adjusting them all the time . The other thing is the bulkiness . It really bothered my son and as much as he could he 'd try to pull them off . I guess not very comfortable from his point of view . The material could be a bit more durable too . I 'm afraid we did n't have much luck with these .
 These knee pads are well made and padded but the straps are not stretchy enough or long enough so it will leave purple marks on your baby and cut off their blood supply ! My son was 6 months old when I got these and he is not chubby at all just a normal breast fed baby with normal chubby legs and these will only work if your baby is SUPER skinny . If they change the straps on these it would be a good product .
 they slid around on our tile and our baby couldnt even crawl . they were padded enough , but didnt grip . we had to return them . waste of $ .
 I purchased the baby knee pads since my little one was on the go . As soon as he figured out he could crawl , all he wanted to do was crawl . We have hardwood floors throughout the house and his pants were always making him slip . I found these knee pads and thought they would be great for him . Well getting them on him was a challenge since you have to slip them onto the knee rather than just strap them on . At his age he did not want to sit for a single second . If I was able to actually get them on him , as soon as he was on the go they would ALWAYS slip right off . For me they were a hassle and a wast of money .
 The worst purchase from Amazon.It didnt fir on my kid 's knee even for a second.i tried my best if it cud fit for a lil while but not.finally i had to return it.I am so scared that i m not even going to order any knee pads now.Very disoppointed .
 I loved the idea of these . We have hard wood and tile floors through out our house . However these did n't stay in place and were too tight on my daughters legs . I know of another person who bought them and said the same thing . Too bad I could have really used them !
 These are a nice idea however they are horrible . I was so excited to get these so our son could use them on the tile and carpet . They will not stay over the knees and restrict the knee from bending so my son drags his legs . They are not slip resistant on tile or wood and cause red marks and bruising on back of legs as well . My son is 17lbs so he is not to chubby for these . Not to mention the velcro that was exposed behind the knee has snagged many socks .
 We bought these for our 9 month old son , who has severe hemophilia . We have only used them a week and they are so stretched out that they will not stay on his legs . We would like a refund , but ca n't figure out how to contact the company or at least we would like to try another pair . He needs the knee pads for his knees , and I feel like we just wasted 20.00 .
 I bought several different types this is my son 's least favourite . . he will not have them on .
 I have a `` healthy '' baby approx 24lbs at 7mths and unfortunately since she has a little bit of meat on her these are way to tight on her . They did n't expand at all it was basically one size and your child would have to have very thin legs for them to fit comfortably .
 I bought this seat because I saw it had great safety reviews , but there are other seats out there that are just as safe if not safer that are much better than this one.It 's way too heavy . The handle is not ergonomic and it is difficult to carry . The handle is also very tough to move up and down -LRB- the release levers stick -RRB- and it is very noisy . The canopy is also very noisy when adjusting it and it 's too high -- I have to put the canopy down when I take the seat in/out of the car or else it squishes up into the ceiling . No cushioning ... my son has never been snug or comfortable in this hard , hard seat . It does not secure into high chairs or shopping carts.If you 're still in love with this seat , then be sure to test all of these features out in a store to make sure my issues wo n't be issues for you .
 We got the Graco carseat because of its high safety rating . However , we 're very disappointed with certain features of the seat - ones , that as new parents , we did n't even consider .1 . First - and most ridiculous - is how uncomfortable the seat is . Who would want to sit in something so hard ? The cover is cute but extremely thin - especially compared to other models - such that our baby 's feet practically kick into the hard metal plate beneath him . Same with the tush area ! It 's so hard ! We tried putting a diaper cloth to soften it somewhat . Our baby is miserable in it .2 . Second - also a pain is how hard it is to squeeze the handle in order to move it up and down . You need hands of steel to get that plastic moving .3 . Third , from an aesthetic standpoint , Graco could have done a better job , like other competitors , and closed the molding of the handle so its not just raw exposed plastic.These complaints are all certainly reasons to buy a more recent model at the very least in hopes that they might have resolved such issues . So investigate thoroughly before buying !!
 From the reviews this seemed to be the best choice . My only complaint , and it is a big one , is that the straps do n't snug up evenly . The left strap would be tight over my son 's shoulder while the right would be loose . Even after I would push the button and pull some slack out on the left side when I went to tighten again only the left side would tighten . Any parent knows if you are trying to get out the door with an infant , having to fuss with the straps so that the child is safe in the car is a huge hassle . Several times I have had to actually take him out to mess with the straps or because he was crying due to my messing with the straps .
 THE LATCH ON MY SNUG RIDE BROKE 3WEEKS AFTER I STARTED TO USE IT.I EMAILED GRACO I HAD TO SEND THE CARSEAT BACK AND WAIT 2 WEEKS OR LONGER FOR A REPLACEMENT . I HAVE NEWBORN TWINS SO I NEEDED THE CARSEAT . THEY DID N'T SEEM TO UNDERSTAND THAT I COULD N'T GO WITHOUT A CARSEAT FOR THAT LONG . WE FINALLY WENT BACK TO BABY R US TO BUY A NEW ONE SINCE GRACO WAS NO HELP AT ALL . TO MY SURPRISE EVERY GRACO SNUG RIDE THEY HAD ON THE DISPLAY RACK WERE ALL BROKEN IN THE SAME PLACE AS MINE WAS . ONCE THAT PIECE BREAKS IT DOES NOT LATCH ON TO THE BASE OR THE STROLLER . THESE SEATS ARE NOT SAFE . THEY WAY WE FOUND OUT WAS BROKE I WENT TO LIFT THE SEAT OUT OF THE CAR WITH MY DAUGHTER IN IT AND THE SEAT LIFTED UP WITHOUT HAVING TO PULL THE RELEASE FOR IT THAT SCARED ME WHAT IF WE HAD BEEN IN A ACCIDENT GOD ONLY KNOWS WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPEN TO MY DAUGHTER . GRACO CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS NO HELP AT ALL . NEEDLESS TO SAY I WILL MORE THEN LIKELY NOT BUY ANY GRACO PRODUCTS AGAIN .
 We bought this seat to keep in my mothers car since she takes my babies often . We have another Graco travel system with a great carseat so we thought this would be good too , just cheaper . We also LOVED the colby print . This seat REALLY stinks . My mother really always tries to get out of picking up the boys because of this ! My 4 month old son is a very well behaved little boy , he loves his other infant carrier , infact he used to only sleep in it ! Now he screams whenever hes in this thing ! The straps seem to constantly tangle and its a nightmare to get it onto the base ! Its impossible to get this thing onto a stroller within 5 minutes , and my boys just hate it , my 20 month old twins allways beg me to `` not use the stinky chair '' , they really do hate to see such a hassel ! I swear I have never hated an infant carrier more in my lifetime ! If he is able to fall asleep , taking him out is such a comotion that he wakes up anyway ! Its very awkward to hold compared to my other one and I just dont understand it . Maybe we got a `` dud '' but my mother will just be purchasing another travel system like we have , this really isnt worth the headache ! -LRB- ANd I really do hate to be so negative -RRB- **** Most of the other `` bad '' reviews were saying that they had larger children , my son is in the 22nd percentile -LRB- though extremely lively and healthy -RRB- . He is just so uncomfortable , I am not saying dont buy it , I am just saying be careful and check it out in the store before you purchase it , I would hate to see someone else go through the same situation I did , It really wasnt worth it for us .
 We bought the snugRide infant car seat but it was already too small when our son turned one month -LRB- he was approx . 10.5 lbs -RRB- . As he is a winter child , when we dress him up in a snowsuit , the straps no longer buckle up . We were forced to put the straps over his shoulders only , which was obviously not safe . If your child is above average weight and you are planning to use the car seat over winter months , consider getting a convertible car seat right away . One more thing ... the car seat is VERY HEAVY , especially with a 10 + lbs newborn .
 When I was preparing for the birth of my son , I took a lot of time reviewing products for my baby . . When I got to this one I follow the reviews and suprise we got it at my baby shower . . but it did not fill our expectations ... very hard to install the base and if you have a big baby specially in the first months they seem very uncomfortable , it is extremely heavy to carry out . . and does not have head support which is a must during then first three months of your babies live ... I do n't recomended
 I 'm frustrated enough with this car seat to take the time to write a review . We carefully researched travel systems for their safety and convenience and chose the Graco Snugride Carseat in Colby and the matching MetroLite Stroller . The stroller is wonderful - lightweight and easy to handle - and we will probably enjoy it once our baby is out of the infant car seat . The car seat has two problems that continue to annoy us . First , the handle on the car seat gets stuck and is extremely difficult to adjust . Second , when our baby -LRB- now 31/2 months -RRB- is in the car seat , the angle is such that his head lolls forward when he is sleeping . I thought that the angle of the back seat in our car might be the problem , but this happens when the car seat is in the stroller as well . If I could do it over again , I would choose a different car seat , even if it meant forfeiting the economy of a full travel system .
 We installed this gate at the top of the stairs , that part went good . The gate is very hard to open with one hand , it does n't swing open like it says it should . The side part that holds the gate closed comes unattached after a couple of trys opening the gate , you should need an allen wrench to unhook it , wrong . Also the gate will open if you pull on it , it did n't take much to yank it open . The template does n't line up the hinges right , but that did n't seem to effect the gate working or should I say not working right . We took it back the next day our son never got near it .
 First , the installation is horrible . The screw templates are wrong , the instructions difficult -LRB- and wrong in places -RRB- . Only uses 3 screws on one side . Screws on that side have narrow heads and no washers quickly breaking the wood and being secured only part way in.It wont open all the way if it 's not at the very corner of the wall . Since the entire thing swings open , it blocks the entire hallway when open , making it difficult to get passed -LRB- you have to close it , then squeeze by to open it passed you to get through -RRB- Very hard to open with 1 hand . Does n't accommodate baseboard moldings on both sides.Loud to close , being at the top of the stairs near the kids ' room this is a huge minus .
 We bought two of these gates because we thought they looked nice . It has so many design problems , I 'm not sure I 'll be able to remember them all . In short : * Screws are really cheap , even after pre-drilling holes per the instructions , they almost all stripped clean when just trying to install them . * The opening mechanism is difficult to operate and because the opening action is in the same direction as locking the bracket into place , in one move you can practically take the door off . * The hinge covers have no way to lock in place , so anyone -LRB- or anybaby or anydog -RRB- can also rip the door off its hinges with minimal effort . * The screws that hold the adjustable section seem to be impossible to tighten correctly , which is bad because staying at the appropriate position is key to the door staying shut . * It is designed to be able to throw the door closed , but it almost always needs your attention when trying to make it stay closed , which half the time will cause the door to come off its hinges.We returned this gate and bought the Safety 1st Everywhere Safety Gate aka `` All Clear Safety Gate '' , and it is better in every way .
 I purchased this gate when my daughter was crawling . I would n't use this gate to keep a dog safe , never mind a child ! Also , guests can never figure out how to get it open the right way . It is easier to just pull it open as a toddler would do , rather than correctly try to pull the tab up to open it . It never truely `` locks or latches '' , any toddler can just pull it open . It often closes enough to look locked shut , then my daughter will walk by and pull it open with one hand . It does not latch shut is any way , it is sort of a magnetic lock . Really not a safe gate , especially for stairs and WAY too expensive . I thought the `` Eddie Buauer '' name and the price would ensure quality , it does not . I would purchase the Evenflo Top of Stair Gate instead . It is half the price , much better quality and you can use it in any doorway -LRB- not just stairs -RRB- . Eddie Bauer 's Gate is an accident waiting to happen !
 We bought this gate to go across an entryway . The template does NOT line up correctly and the gate was way off when we put it up . When my husband started to take it down all the screws stripped and broke off into the wall . We attempted to install this three times -LRB- once without the template -RRB- and now I have molding full of holes and broken screws.Also , when we did get it up it was crooked and we could n't get it to really line up correctly . When we tried to `` unlock '' it , the whole mechanism came off the wall.The gate went back to the store . I bought a SuperGate V . It is n't as pretty , but it was installed in minutes and it functions perfectly . And it was only half the price !
 We bought two different gates for our stairs . We bought this one because :1 . It looks nicer than most gates2 . It fit our wider stairsWe also bought another brand for the bottom of the stair case . I do n't remember what the other brand was , but I wish we would have bought two of them and not the Eddie Bauer gate . While the Eddie Bauer gate looks nicer , it is much harder to operate and the hardware is cheap.The latching mechanism of this gate is difficult to operate . Due to the baby-proofing latching mechanism , it is difficult to open the gate with one hand . Usually when I try to open with one hand the entire mechanism comes off the wall.The plastic hinge cover also broke on my gate . It is being replaced under warranty , but I would have felt more comforatable with a gate that did n't break . The gate I have from a different brand has metal hinges and hardware . I would recommend looking for a gate like that with metal hinges.Finally , the latching mechanism uses some kind of spring loaded pins to keep the gate closed . So far it has worked fine , but it does n't seem very secure .
 The internal parts of this gate are almost 100 % plastic . The locking mechanism has broken twice in the 6 months that i 've had it . Customer Service was easy enough to deal with , but the gate only comes with a 1 year warrenty , and for $ 100 , you should get a gate that lasts longer than a year . I 'm positive that I 'll just have to keep replacing the same part over and over , and if it breaks again , I 'm going to try as hard as I can to get my money back . Hey , at least it 's pretty ... BOTTOM LINE
 NOT made for frequent use . Almost as soon as we installed it it became loose and started to pull out of the wall -LRB- with studs -RRB- . Is not easy to use one handed and half the plastic pieces broke this morning so now I am looking for replacement parts . Would not reccommend . The other stairs has a safeway metal gate on it and it has been great .
 We made the mistake of buying this gate for the bottom of our stairs because 1 -RRB- it caters to wider areas than the standard gates , 2 -RRB- it appeared sturdy , 3 -RRB- it looks nice . But its just the most awkward gate ever to open/close . You have to lift the very small lever out & up , then pull the gate out while still holding onto the lever . Impossible while holding a child and still takes multiple tries even without . Even to close it you have to push it twice to click both top & bottom pieces into place . We have a Safety One gate at the top of the stairs which is literally a 1 step handle to open/close . Definitely returning this product , especially considering the price & the fact that i am having to climb over it every time i want to get in/out which defeats the purpose of a gate . Hope this helps .
 After spending over an hour installing this gate because the template provided is n't accurate , I was very frustrated to find that the gate does not work properly or safely . The gate latches using spring loaded pins . It takes very little pressure to retract the pins making it possible to pull the gate open with little effort . Ironically , the gate is very difficult to open when you are using the intended method . The release latch does n't fully eject the pins so you have to use your other hand -LRB- or a small kick -RRB- to open the gate . The clip that is supposed to attach the latch to the mounting bar is also faulty on our gate causing the entire latch unit to pull off of the mounting bracket each time we tried to open the gate.This gate looks very nice , but I took it down the very next day because it is so poorly engineered . I would n't even use this for a dog much less trust it to keep my child safe .
 Not easy to install
 I got 2 of these for my baby shower and saved them until she was older . Well , 2 firemen , certified in installing carseats , said these are horrible . The seat kept sliding on it 's back in the rear facing position and shifted all over the place . I tried to exchange them at Target and they refused to take them back b/c I had no receipt and my baby registry magically dissappeared ! -LRB- Go figure -RRB- . If you are stuck with these seats , like I am , here 's some tips -LRB- after it took them 1 hr to put in ! -RRB- : For Rear-Facing , use a pool noodle -LRB- long foam piece for a pool -RRB- and put at the back base of your car 's backseat where car seat would go . DO NOT use latch . The seat moves all over the place . Use the backseat 's shoulder belt . Pull the seat belt all the way out , weave through the bottom , click in and tighten.Unfortunately , I do not have the money to keep these and buy new ones like the manufacturer advised me to do . Ridiculous . The head padding is horrible too . I feel bad b/c her head is pushed forward from this.I will be saving my money to get a new one b/c this is the WORST convertible car seat ever !
 This carseat is difficult to get installed . I spent about 40 minutes in 90 degree weather hunched over in the back seat of my car trying to get this seat installed rear-facing for my 5 month old son who had outgrown his carrier style carseat . After installing it , finally , I got my 5 month old son into the seat only to learn that even in the fully reclined position the headrest at ALL levels pushes your childs head forward . It may look like it is just a cushion but it is not . It is a piece of plastic covered with cushion and fabric that adjusts . This carseat seems to work best for forward facing toddlers who do not sleep in the car . EVER . I purchased the seat before the birth of my son and thought I was making a sound investment in a carseat suited for 5-80 lbs . My receipt is long gone and I am stuck with this horrid carseat . I have had to since buy another carseat . Also I tried to make contact with the manufacturer -LRB- dorel juvenile group -RRB- of this seat on 2 occasions and have not had a response from them yet . Does n't speak much about their products .
 I bought Avent bottles because of their ability to be used as sippy cups . Trying to save myself a little cash and the nuisance of more cups . Alas , my kids just have no interest in these what so ever . Not to mention Avent bottles barely screw together so my kids can way too easily take the tops off . If I could go back I would have bought a different brand of bottle . Ultimately a waste of money .
 I bought these to use with my Kleen Kanteen 's - and although they do fit they leak like crazy . If the bottle is not upright the water just flows out . I was so disappointed .
 The versatility of magic cups is a great concept , but the seal needs to be tighter where you connect the handle and the lid . Mine leaked all the time , to the point where I hardly used them -- or the sport spouts . No leaking around the spouts though , so if your cups do n't leak to begin with , then you should be okay getting these spouts for your older toddler -LRB- with teeth -RRB- .
 I love these paci 's normally . But when I received mine , they were PINK ! The picture shown when I ordered was BLUE , not the pink shown even here while I am reviewing it . Amazon told me I needed to contact the seller , they never got back to me . I just contacted Amazon again and this time they said they would send me a postage paid return label for a full refund . We will see what happens . I looks like they have fixed the original problem so good luck . I know the MAM paci 's and holders are some of the best I have found , IF they come in the correct gender color .
 this product does not rate a star . I was very disappointed with the performance . A simple impact pulled it from the anchors and it fell flat on the ground . Definately would not recommend . Since I have to give it 1 star , it got it .
 Fabulous idea , but not very good . I bought this gate to put across my driveway to keep balls from rolling into the road . The mesh material is n't strong enough to stop the balls . When there is a breeze the mesh blows and small balls roll right underneath , and larger balls keep rolling right thru it if they 're going fast enough . It might be better if the spring mechanism was stronger to keep the gate stretched tighter . Also , you need two people to retract it in order to keep the mesh straight and not bunch up on itself.If all you want is to give your kids a visual so they stay away from the street it 's OK . BOTTOM LINE
 I became frustrated researching this product . It has so many low ratings and the photos of it do suggest that it 's flimsy ! I was determined to find something similar but with quality construction . We have a short , sloped driveway so I could n't take any chances on things getting past the fence ! To my delight I found the kidcatcher . It uses tension at the bottom and top of the fence to catch both kids and balls ! I liken the construction to that of a volleyball fence . Very durable product . I would highly recommend it since it 's made better and costs about the same !
 For almost $ 100 with shipping I would have thought the quality would have been better . I use mine to catch balls at the end of the driveway so I do n't have to run down the street after them , and it does do that for the most part . It 's hard to get it low enough on the ground that it catches the smaller balls such as tennis and base balls . Also you have to be careful re-rolling it so it does n't get all bunched up and uneven , mine already has a hole in it . Tons of people in my neighborhood have stopped and asked me about it since they were considering buying one and I did not reccommend it for these reasons
 I purchased this driveway guard and do agree it 's a good idea . The main reason for my purchase was so that I would not have to chase balls down our driveway -LRB- our house is set up high -RRB- . I found that smaller balls will simply roll underneath the net . Larger balls have a 50/50 chance of being caught by the net . All in all , this was certainly not worth the $ $ . i am very disappointed .
 I was so let down how this preforms . We have 3 little boys who LOVE to play outside . I thought this would we great . It is way to hard to ever get rolled back up , the poles fall over if by chance your child does ride a toy into it . Balls roll under it and the material is not strong enough . For the price ... there are much better products out there .
 I ` m from mexico city and i ` m lookin for a triplet stroller because my wife is expecting triplets , i ` ll apreciatte if someone could send me information for this kind of strollers in the US , please send the information via e-mail to jorgesald@hotmail.com, i read the reviews here so i do n`t need to check the quality of this beckendridge stroller , thanks .
 We purchased this stroller for our newborn triplets . We only had it one month when the middle seat back broke and we could only have it in one position . Trying to return it and get our money back was a nightmare . Ultimately we ended up with a store credit . Although the stroller does maneuver easily , the second seat has very little leg room and we could not envision it working for our babies when they were any older than 6 months . Our babies were tiny and the second seat was still cramped . Sadly there are not a lot of strollers to choose from when you have triplets . This one was relatively inexpensive compared to the alternatives but the product is poorly made and very hard to return . Purchasing it is a $ 250.00 risk .
 My son and daughter in law bought this stroller for their triplet daughters . The stroller 's front seat leans so far back in its most upright position that the baby in the middle has absolutely no room at all . They have contacted the company and were instructed to send back in `` the original box '' , which of course , being big and bulky was not kept , but thrown away . They have tried to find a place to repair the thing , but should not have had to go through this much hassle . I WOULD NOT recommend this stroller to anyone . It is very poor quality .
 I ordered this stroller for my two and a half year old and twin new borns . I was really suprised how fast it was shipped that is why I am giving it two stars . Other than fast shipping , it was horrible . It was too hard to open and close . The weight of it nearly toppled over my 5 ' 5 medium frame . I also contacted Baby trend to send me any attachments for the car seat and I never got a respond ! If you can , just get the attachment for a double stroller -LRB- Like the sit and stand -RRB-
 I had a surprise baby after my twins were born . I had a top of the line twin stroller for my two year old twins and needed something affordable that would fit the twins and the newborn . I ordered this stroller and I was extremely disappointed . Part of it was sticking out of the box when it arrived . It was very heavy to push and as others said , the middle seat is very tight . In addition , it is very hard to push -- it pulls to the left quite significantly . It is worth spending the extra money in order to buy a stroller that is easy to push , and large enough to hold three children as they grow .
 I was so excited to purchase this stroller since it looks just like the the Peg Perego stroller -LRB- but much cheaper -RRB- and I thought it would be easy to get in and out of the car since it is one piece . However , it is really difficult for me to get this into my SUV - it is extremely heavy . After purchasing and dragging this around for a month , I went ahead and splurged on the Peg Perego , which is so much easier to get in and out of the car since the seats come off the frame . I was disappointed in this product .
 I 'm expecting twins in January 2005 and my daughter will be 17 months old upon their arrival . I 'm looking for a good triple stroller that wo n't break the bank . Preferably something that will fit into my car , is easy to operate , and has a car seat that can attach into as a travel system ! Please write to me ... . gia.annecca@nextel.comThanks !
 This stroller is way to heavy and way to big to fit in the back of my Ford Freestar van - the one time I used it at the mall I had to put it in the passenger seat standing straight up . I have 6 month old twins and a 2.5 year old . I agree with the others - the middle seat is very small - infant carriers do not fit in it - and it is very hard to steer with the 2.5 year old in front . I regret spending the $ $ $ on this stroller !!
 I must say I researched triple strollers for quite a while before I purchased one . There are n't a lot out there unfortunately -LRB- that are affordable anyway -RRB- . The other one I was looking at had terrible reviews so I read the reviews on this one and thought I could live with it . Wrong wrong wrong . First of all , I do n't have triplets . I have a 21/2 yr old , 11/2 yr old , and 71/2 month old . Maybe it would work with someone that has babies all the same age but for us it does not . The middle seat is n't even a middle seat really . There is little room , it is bad ! You ca n't get your child in and out because his feet get caught down below . The front seat broke after the third use , seems to be a common problem . We have n't even attempted to get it fixed yet because of how you have to go about it , it 's ridiculous . Talk about making things hard . So the guy in front squishes the guy in the middle even more because of the poor quality this stroller obviously is with the front seat breaking and let me tell you , the guy in the middle is already hurting for space !!! I honestly do n't think it 's easy to push either and I have a double and it 's heavy but much much easier . I 'm extremely disappointed in the product and I think I should be able to get my money back even though it 's long past when I bought it . We 've only used it 3 times . Sad !!! I do n't have heavy kids and the middle guy is squished . Ca n't emphasize that enough . I think I would have been better off getting a buggy board for my oldest to ride behind on my double or spending my money on the way more expensive ones , at least it would n't have been a waste . I was warned by others that had used this but I did n't listen , oh what a fool I was . Do n't make my same mistake !
 I purchased this stroller because I have twin sons and a three year old . I used it three times & the front seat broke . I could ` nt return it to babies r us.com because I no longer had the box and Baby Trend would not take it as a return they will only repair it and send it back . It has to go to CA and I live in PA. . Horrible stroller & Baby Trend horrible company .
 We ordered this triplet stroller when my daughter-in-law found that she was expecting triplets . We are pleased with the stroller except for the fact that the front seat will not stay in the upright position . Since we were past the 30 day period for return to Amazon and had discarded the box the stroller had been sent in we are evidently out of luck . For almost three months we have been trying to get through to the Breckenridge Company who only seem to have part time people working to solve problems . They have no suggestions other than sending the entire stroller back to them -LRB- we had discarded the box -RRB- which will take probably many weeks instead of sending a new one in exchange for the malfunctioning one . They also said they would send a mailing label which has not been received . We are very disappointed . They certainly do not seem to stand behind their product !! So be wary and check every aspect of the stroller IMMEDIATELY .
 I do not recommend this stroller to anyone ! It is too heavy for any woman to lift , it is very deifficilt to fold , does not move forward or backward easily -LRB- especially on carpets -RRB- , does not fit properly even in my huge SUV , and moving things in and out of the basket underneath is not convenient at all !! I am sending it back !
 This stroller is a nightmare . I had a ford windstar when we bought it and I could n't fit it in the back . It weighs a million pounds and is awkward to load and unload into the car . The middle seat is super skinny and a baby seat wo n't fit in any of the seats . Also with three childrren in it it is very heavy to push . Do n't buy this .
 We purchased this triple stroller in the hope that we could use it for our 3 kids -LRB- a 2 year old and one year old twins -RRB- . How disappointing !! First , it is heavy and I am only 5ft 3.5 in , so it was hard for me to lift . Well , I thought I could manage since I do not use strollers that much . Manage indeed!Secondly , the folding mechanism is severely warped ! It takes two people to fold this stroller . You are expected to be Mr. Fantastic -LRB- the stretchy guy in the Fantastic Four -RRB- to unfold this stroller . You have to step on a mechanism and at the same you have to bend right down to pull a lever . My less than 5ft 4in frame and my husband 's 6ft frame could not stretch like we were asked to by Baby Trend.Thirdly , it could not fit into my van . I have a Chrysler Town and Country minivan and this stroller could not get in the back . I would have to render my twins -LRB- who sit at the back -RRB- seatless ! My husband , who is an engineer , says that the designer of this stroller should go back to school . Rule 1 of design is ` fitness for purpose ' . They should have measured a mini-van and designed accordingly , or ask their customers to buy a U-Haul trailer ! This stroller is a complete waste of money and effort !! Thank God for -LSB- ... -RSB- and their no hassle return policy.PS . If I could give this stroller a zero star I would !
 DO NOT BUY THIS STROLLER ! It is poorly made , the company does n't want to help you , and it does n't work . When we received ours , it was broken when we took it out of the box . We received our replacement , and while my 6 month old was in the back , he was leaning to the side and the stroller scratched his face up while he was inside the seat and properly secured ! Then the stupid thing broke ! The front seat back rest bar broke and now the seat lays down into the middle seat . The middle seat already has no room as it is . This stroller is worthless . And we contacted the company back in October regarding this , and still have no resolution . It 's a waste of $ 300 . If you truly need a triple stroller , spend the money on one of the higher end models by another company . If it helps you further , we have toddler twins and a baby .
 I have a 2 year old and a set of 8 month old twins . I thought that this stroller would be perfect for my needs . Unfortunately this stroller was n't available for purchase when I needed it last summer -LRB- some sort of manufacturer delay -RRB- so I had no choice but to purchase a used one -LRB- it was in great condition for being used -RRB- . Although it is a sturdy frame , it is way too heavy to maneuver around when all 3 kids are in it -LRB- I 'm only 5 ' 4 -RRB- . It would have been easier to figure this out if it was available in store but try to find a store that will stock such an item , you ca n't . If I had purchased this stroller new , I would have returned it immediately . Now I know why the stroller was in such good shape . I was trying to avoid having to use 2 strollers but now plan on spending more money to purchase a double stroller for the twins and using a separate stroller for my 2 year old .
 The Center for Disease Control and other medical authorities do NOT recommendsuction for snake bite . And I must say , the reviews here sound ... -RRB-
 `` Sucking out venom , either by mouth or with a pump , does not work and may harm the affected area directly . '' -LSB- . . -RSB- -RRB- Also forget cutting and restricting as suggested in this kit -LRB- see snakebite at Wikipedia -RRB- . As for bug / spider bites
 We decided to order a snake bite kit after encountering a 6 foot diamondback while hiking just off the Blue Ridge Parkway in the NC mountains . No one was bitten , but when you are walking on a trail and look about 2 feet to the side of where you are walking and see a snake this size , it is a bit worrisome.The pump and attachments in this kit appear quite functional and it provides a lot of suction . However , this includes only the pump and attachments , it does n't include the swabs , band-aids and razor which are shown it the pictures . It mentions that only the pump is included in the text part , but this is pretty expensive considering it is not a full kit and most of the other available kits include other needed items.In any event , it makes us feel a bit safer during hiking now .
 Check with your pharmacist on this , do n't take my word for it -LRB- also see Wikipedia and Merck Veterinary Webpage on snake bites for dogs , my own primary concern -RRB- - Sucking out snake venom is a NON-treatment . Instead , Benadryl -LRB- diphenhydramine -RRB- , which reduces swelling at the bite area as well as at internal organs , is the IMMEDIATE treatment of choice , and should always be on hand when hiking or working in danger areas -LRB- especially where water is present -RRB- . Needless to say , you should be on your way to a hospital almost simultaneously . Again , talk to experts and research online rather than buy something like completely ineffective snakebite kits that are misrepresented -LRB- extremely unethically -RRB- as a viable treatment that you 'll waste precious emergency time on.WIKIPEDIA - `` Sucking out venom , either by mouth or with a pump , does not work and may harm the affected area directly . Suction started after 3 minutes removes a clinically insignificant quantity -- less than one thousandth of the venom injected -- as shown in a human study . In a study with pigs , suction not only caused no improvement but led to necrosis in the suctioned area . Suctioning by mouth presents a risk of further '' poisoning through the mouth 's mucous tissues . The well-meaning family member or friend may also release bacteria into the victim 's wound , leading to infection . ''
 * I realize Amazon has n't touted this as a beauty item , but many other places do and I wanted to write this review for those who found this item in the manner I did . * I attempted to use this as some other posters mentioned - for acne in addition to insect bites . On several beauty sites , this was touted as a great way to get rid of blackheads , etc. . Not even close . Deep cysts , it helps bring to the surface a bit , but definitely not for smaller blemishes.I 'm writing this review for those of you who happen upon this item in the same manner I found it . This is NOT a beauty tool and will not help with clogged pores.Hope that helps those of you who were looking at this item as I originally was ! Best wishes to you folks who wan na go camping with it .
 The device is great for draining pimples & other small abscesses but I do n't recommend for poisonous bites . I spend a lot of time in the wilderness and am a critical care MD. . Received this item as a gift in 2000 and no longer carry it based on poor results from studies . Wilderness Medicine Educators no longer recommend this type of product . Below is a summary-from Wall Street Journal Medical Department-May 13 , 2009 : `` The suction devices are still under debate . One of the most popular devices , the Sawyer Extractor , sold by Sawyer Products Inc. of Safety Harbor , Fla. , consists of a syringe-shaped chamber with a plunger that creates a vacuum . The company suggests leaving it on 10 to 15 minutes to extract the venom.However , a study in pigs and one using radioactively labeled simulated venom injected into the thighs of eight human volunteers found the Sawyer Extractor ineffective . `` It removes just a minute quantity of venom , '' says pig-study author Sean P. Bush , a professor of emergency medicine at California 's Loma Linda University School of Medicine . Some doctors fear the deep suction could even worsen outcomes by killing skin at the wound site . The human study , published in 2004 by researchers at the University of California in Fresno , found that the device removed no more than 1 % to 2 % of mock venom from the leg.Sawyer Products owner Kurt Avery says he believes the studies show only that the product does n't work well in large muscle areas , such as thighs and calves . Based on the results , the company changed its label about two years ago to warn that the pump is `` not as effective '' at removing venom from large muscle areas . Mr. Avery maintains the product is effective when the bite is under the skin in hands , feet and other nonmuscled areas.That argument does n't sound plausible to Stanford University 's Paul S. Auerbach . Dr. Auerbach , who had advocated use of the Sawyer pump in his 2003 book `` Medicine for the Outdoors '' and is listed on Sawyer 's Web site as supporting the product , says the new edition of his book , expected out next month from Elsevier Inc. , will recommend against its use based on newer research . ''
 I purchased this gate because I did not want to have a gate that I had to screw into the walls . The gate does not work properly with the pressure mount . I purchased this gate to stop my toddler from going from the living room into the kitchen . I followed the installation instructions to install the gate without screwing it into my walls . When you attempt to move it back and forth it seems secure . However , today I went to open the gate , the bottom of it got caught , although the top was open . When I tried to pull the opening part of the gate up to open it the gate fell forward with the weight of it pulling me forward . I fell on top of it hurting myself . Thank goodness it was me and not my toddler.DO NOT BUY IF YOU PLAN ON USING AS A PRESSURE MOUNT .
 We ordered the double stroller because it had really good reviews and it sounded like it would fit us perefctly.Our children are 2.5 and 10 months . Our 2 year old has almost outgrown the back as her head is higher than the back support . Also with in 6 months we had two different stollers because both has issues with the rain shield , and peek a boo window cracking , also the black out line seam came apart from the red fabric . The kickers was when we pick up our stroller from from the airport in Mexico and the latch mechanism gave away when my two kids were in it . It cloapsed because the locking system melted ... . oops , I guess someone forgot to check that on part of the test !!!
 But after ordering it twice from Amazon , and having both arrive either defective or damaged , I give up on this stroller . First one arrived and it turned out after assembly that the front fork was funky - one side longer than the other - therefore making it impossible for the wheel to sit correctly . So we returned it to Amazon and were sent a new one . It arrived in a horribly damaged box but we put it together anyway ... put my almost 3 year old and 2 month old in it and tried it . Veered to the right , and after close inspection , once again we noticed that the front fork was messed up , probably during shipping . Also my 21/2 year old 's head was brushing the top of the canopy and this stroller is VERY heavy and hard to turn . -LRB- yes I knew the front wheel would be fixed and had anticipated having to lift it to turn , etc. -RRB- Too bad , I really wanted to like this stroller , but I just do n't have much faith in the company anymore .
 We were swayed by the positive Amazon reviews but have been extremely disappointed in this poorly made stroller . Of the many design flaws , I 'll specifically name 4 : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The sun/rain hood has nothing to keep it down , any bit of wind causes it to flap backwards on itself -LRB- 2 -RRB- Turning requires significant downward force on the handle bar to lift the front wheel . Unfortunately , the `` adjustable '' handle bar clicks out of position every time you push down on it to turn . Very annoying . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The steering was out of alignment from day 1 . On inspection , it looks like the frame was constructed wrong is or misaligned . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The foot brake fell off after a week.Do yourself a favor-try before you buy , and look at other options . This stroller is not worth the money .
 I never even got to use this stroller . The first one I receviedwas damaged and mising parts . The second one I received was also missing parts . I was n't even able to contact X-Tech because the phone number was out of order . Not recommended .
 This product would be great BUT it can catch fire/melt in the microwave . I love it when it 's not on fire or melted . leachco products are MADE IN USA !!! yay !!! But this product has some serious drawbacks .
 At first , I really liked this . But the more I used it , the less I liked it . It did n't keep wipes warm more than like 1-2 hours , and it was really bulky in the diaper bag . I eventually just stopped using it .
 This item does n't stay warm for more than 20 minutes ! I bought it because of the good reviews , but then ended up going out and buying an electric wipes warmer .
 I was really excited when I purchased this item , especially since I had read such great reviews . Unfortunately my experience with the Warmer was not a great one . After only 4 or 5 uses it melted and I also has this horrible smell that came after micro waving and YES I did read and follow the instructions carefully . I even put it in the microwave for 5 seconds less than recommend.I am sure this would be a 5 star item if there where some improvements made to the heating pillow .
 Small , half-size cups with rotating lids were the only useful items . The `` servingware '' is not useable due to very poor design -LRB- just try moving a piece of meat from the plate to your mouth -RRB- ... . And the bowls are too shallow to even hold a sandwich -LRB- square , deeper would have been better -RRB- . The sippy cups lids are a fantasy - DO NOT let your child loose with one of these in your house with confidence that you will not have a continual mess to face . And just simply toss the wonderful STINKY outer zip case - I am sure it is made from the finest of biphenal plastics -LRB- outlawed yet still produced in China for an exclusively American market ... -RRB-
 This product is n't work $ 25 . It comes with cheap items in the bag . I only bought it for the bag and not what 's inside . I should n't have spent the money .
 I ended up here after a web search regarding exploding tyres on Bugaboo strollers . It seems to be a very common issue.I build soapbox racers and while I would n't normally use stroller wheels , I did so for a recent small soapbox car that did n't require anything very sophisticated . The wheels I used were a pair of the black plastic 5-spoke wheels as used on this Bugaboo stroller and others -LRB- the rim includes a moulding with `` Bugaboo '' clearly visible -RRB- . I have had tubes in these tyres repeatedly explode without warning which led me to the web search to see if was a known problem . As it seems to be , I investigated a bit further.The problem becomes obvious once you can actually catch a tyre in the act of exploding - the rims are slightly too small for the tyres so the bead gets pushed off . Once the inner tube has a gap to force its way through it does so and will probably pop . When fitting the tyres it is very obvious that the rim is too small because you can push the tyre over the rim with very little effort , and once in place , it 's clear that the tyre is oversized - there will be part of the tyre bead visibly exposed at some point around the rim . The rim itself includes moulded text suggesting a max inflation of 15psi , and at that pressure and light use the tyre will probably stay on . If you overinflate it will fall off the rim . The problem is made worse because the black plastic material is quite slippery and the tyre bead does n't grip it very well - I plan to experiment with gluing the tyre in place though I think my best bet will be to source some better wheels.The tyres and tubes themselves are conservatively rated for 35-40 psi and for soapbox use 15psi is useless . So while my use of these wheels is non-standard and obviously completely not covered by any sort of warranty from Bugaboo , the real problem that causes this issue -LRB- even for normal correct use in a stroller -RRB- is the design fault that is the undersized rim . Note that I 'm using a different type of stroller wheel made from aluminium on the same cart that are a correct fit for the tyres -LRB- and require substantial force to fit the tyre -RRB- and these wheels have never exploded even using identical tyres and tubes , inflated well above 40psi , further validating my observation that the problem here is the rim design.Whether this should be a reason or not to buy this stroller , it does at least offer an explanation for the frequent reports of tyres exploding . Hopefully the designers will correct this at some point - in the meantime , do n't use these for soapbox racers !
 I used this stroller for my daughter -LRB- she is my second -RRB- at my in-laws and I have found it to be terrible . Not only is it heavy , when taken apart to put in the car it takes up literally the entire trunk -LRB- Rav 4 -RRB- . It takes two hands to do anything with it and there is no snack tray for a toddler . I used it on the beach this weekend and find their claim that it is good for the beach to be a joke , as you have to tilt the stroller to pull it -LRB- or , you could just use a jogging stroller , and actually walk/run normally on the sand -RRB- . Speaking of , you ca n't run with this stroller , so you 'd have to buy a separate jogger anyway , if you 're into that . I use a chicco at my house with a snack tray , which also reclines -LRB- $ 120 -RRB- and used a McClaren Volo for my older daughter -LRB- best one-hand-fold that exists and the lightest stroller ever -- still have and use after 6 years -RRB- . I am a runner and also use an amazing lightweight jogging stroller -LRB- $ 140 -RRB- . In fact , if I add up all I 've spent on strollers for both my daughters -LRB- ages 9 mos and 7 -RRB- it would still be less than the price of this one . I honestly ca n't figure out why anyone would pay this amount .
 I bought this bugaboo for my newborn son because it is versatile and solid . After mounting it , I inflated the back tires with the pump provided -LRB- not an easy task , because the pump is really small -RRB-
 The pillow provides decent support for the baby while feeding , but only allows for spot cleaning . And let 's face it . Spilled milk and spit up need to be thoroughly washed from the material . I am going to have to buy a washable cover . Might as well have bought a slightly more expensive pillow .
 Good idea but Bad quality ... Plus the secure band can not really hold the baby well . There is no replaceable pillow cover , so cleaning will be an issue too.Not recommended !
 Imaging yourself laying on the harsh stitches of the `` pillow '' . I have to put some soft blanket inside U shaped pillow to preventour newborn from hurting her back.Learned from my mistake , will never buy this kind again
 I registered for this because I liked the way it had a belt that would hold the baby in while sitting and I figured I could use it for nursing as well . However , the pillow is much bigger than a boppy and I could never get it in a comfortable position for us - would have worked great if my boobs were at my shoulders since that 's where my daughter would end up when I put her on this thing ! Also she never liked to sit in it at all ... lasted about five minutes and she would start to fuss . Stick with the original boppy .
 Personally , I have a boppy and a cuddle-u , and I prefer the boppy . The boppy is not only fluffier , but has a removable cover . -LRB- I know that they now make reusable covers for the cuddle-u , but my boppy came with the cover . -RRB- But the BIGGEST reason that I prefer the boppy is the very reason I bought the cuddle-u
 I tried to use it for nursing but the pillow is so soft , I was better off using a pillow from my bed . The `` buckle '' part has velco and it would always get stuck on blankets and other things , it was pretty annoying when my little one would fall asleep and I would have to move the pillow and put her to bed.I have n't used my breast friend but I hear that is great and this time I have two boppys because it was convient to have one upstairs and one downstairs . I wouldnt recommend this one , i ended up throwing it away because it was very irritating .
 I am returning this product because this version does not come with a removable color . Other versions do and cost the same .
 I 've been using this to nurse but I hate the fact the cover does not come off so you ca n't throw it in the wash if milk gets on it . My son recently had a dirty -LRB- poop -RRB- diaper leak -LRB- not a big leak , like a drop or two -RRB- , and I do n't feel like I can spot clean it well enough to ever put my son on it again . I do n't use it to set him in like the picture shows because he has a gym , swing , and bouncer for times I need to put him down . I have used it for tummy time to help his neck muscles . He 's 7 weeks old . I wish it was at least water resistant since there is no cover to remove .
 This pillow is not firm enough . It bends down in the center causing my daughter to sync in the middle and her neck is bent . I have to stuff another pillow under the center to make it keep her body straight . I dont use the strap which makes it frustrating when the darned thing falls out everytime I grab the pillow to nurse . Then I have to roll it up and put it back . There needs to be someway to keep in there when not in use . It does not stay close to my body , most likely due to the floppyness of the pillow , I have to constantly readjust and pull it closer to me to maintain a proper latch . I would not ever recommend this to anyone I care about .
 I bought the original Boppy , My Brest Friend nursing pillow and this pillow . If you want a nursing pillow , get my Brest Friend . It is the best ! Has much more support for both you and the baby -LRB- you can walk around with it and still nurse -RRB- and the cover comes off for washing . Le'Cuddler is good for putting the baby in it to take a nap or when they are tired of the swing or bouncer , but it was n't a very good nursing pillow for me . I like the Boppy for tummy time for my son , but again not a great nursing pillow . Although it is better at it than Le'Cuddler .
 There are several different Leachco Cuddle-U Nursing pillows available and they are not all created equal . For some crazy reason the pink one in not removable so the washing instructions state to simply spot clean ... gross ! I sent this one back and found another one that is removable/Machine washable .
 the fabric off tha cover its so thin , in the first wash the product made so ugly because the cover and the pillow comes together , you cant wash separatly .
 After waiting forever for my nursing pillow to arrive , I received what was supposed to be a NEW pillow that was most certainly used . It had stains and was not the sage pin dot but some blue stars , which is not what I ordered . When I contacted the seller for a refund he out right refused and I have n't heard from him since . Be warned do n't buy from this seller .
 My family will not buy Huggies anymore . We tried this , leak and not soft . The new pull-up , also leak out the absorbent -LRB- jelly like bead -RRB- from each one . It is waste of money to get this . Buy Pampexxx , Lux , are much better than this .
 This works fine but can not be washed due to the bottom made of cardboard . Also if you put too many diapers , it does not close well .
 -LRB- Teal -RRB- I stacked this item with diapers for the first time and the tie broke from the weight . Very cheaply made and would not recommend to anyone . Pay a little more and get a little more . However , Amazon was extremely awesome when I wanted to return and credited me right away .
 Trend lab does not make a diaper stacker as pictured here . What you get is the large one with the string ties . When I called about a return , Trend Lab they said this picture is a wearable blanket , not the diaper stacker they make . They said they do n't even make one with a hanger , only ties .
 This is an ok monitor . It seems to have good range and even has a nightlight feature you can use in the room but it has terrible feedback and goes through batteries like crazy . If I leave it plugged in , the feedback is ten times worse and so loud ! Using just the batteries we can use it maybe one night and a few naps the next day . To make matters worse , there is no low battery indication so many times it has died on me and meanwhile the baby has been awake and crying for sometime . Now I feel like I have go upstairs and check on him every 5 minutes while he naps . For this much money , it should at least warn you when the batteries are low . Got out of the shower today to find it had died again . That 's the last time , we 're getting another monitor .
 This is a terrible baby monitor ! I live in a 2 bedroom 1 bath house and all I got was static ! I was using hte monitor about 30 feet away from the base and could never get anything except static . I tried both battery and AC operation , as well as the channels . Worst product I have ever purchased .
 We bought the Graco Ultraclear II as an inexpensive monitor with batteries that got great reviews here on amazon.com . While the monitors did work , there were 2 major drawbacks.One is that the 4-AAA batteries only let the parent unit run off the charger for a few hours . This seems to be a defect as the batteries were not very used up when they were removed . If you want to move the parent unit from room to room , be prepared to have to move the plug -LRB- or burn through $ $ $ on batteries -RRB- . Two is that while you can hear what is going on in the room , we also got a lot of static on the monitor . There was much more static than our old monitor.We ended up returning the unit to Graco without any problems . I would suggest a unit with rechargeable batteries .
 A friend gave us this monitor as a gift . It worked great at the beginning , but after about 3 months we had a lot of static noise on either channel . Sometimes we could hear our neighbor 's baby on one channel . Now , whatever we do , we can not hear our baby anymore but just static noise , or eventually the neighbor . . ! It workd great for the first 3 months but now I am just goin to trash it as it 's not working anymore . I am going to get the Angelcare Baby Sound Monitor , it got great reviews and NO static !!
 I bought this monitor and at first really liked it , but after a few months the connection on the transmitter started getting very finicky , if it was n't at just the right angle it would n't stay on . It was very frustrating because I would get it just so , leave the room and then half an hour later my receiver would suddenly play static because the transmitter had just disconnected , and now my baby was asleep and I could n't go in to fix it . Eventually it got worse and worse until it would only work if I was holding the cable ... so it was useless . I did n't rough it up or anything , I just had it on her shelf so it was n't a very sturdy product . Another thing I never really liked even when it did work is that the sounds were always very loud , there is a volume control but at the lowest sound it was still very loud and magnified .
 This is the first time I 've reviewed a product on Amazon , which should emphasize how strongly I feel about this product . It was a gift from my mother in law before we were even registered -LRB- therefore , I did not pick it out myself -RRB- . I will start by saying that it serves it 's basic function . If my baby is crying , I can tell . But I would not trust it if I were sleeping in one room and she were down the hall in her bedroom -LRB- she is still in a bassinet -RRB- . Unfortunately , I have found this monitor to be VERY noisy with a lot of static/feedback . Not only is this really annoying , but I ca n't hear small sounds my baby makes . As a first-time mom , I want to hear EVERYTHING . It does have the light function to indicate sound , but there are always 2-3 of those lights lit at all times due to the static in the monitor itself , so again I ca n't tell when my baby is making noise . As a result of all this , I do not trust the monitor and am constantly running to check on my baby myself which defeats the purpose of a monitor . I currently have the Summer Infant Day & Night handheld video monitor -LRB- best selling video monitor on Amazon -RRB- on my wish list . Ca n't wait to get rid of this one !
 We have used two other monitors before -LRB- in the same location that we had these -RRB- and never had any problems with humming . These , however , constantly made a humming noise that was impossible to ignore . You could even hear it when watching TV , so it was n't a quiet hum or one that could be easily drowned out . We returned ours .
 The Graco Ultra Clear II on both offered channels had so much interference that it was rendered useless . If you have a lot of electronics around , stay away from it . I wonder why they call it `` Ultra Clear '' ... . hmmmm ... Sending it back .
 I bought this monitor for my daughters room . All I hear is a buzzing static . It is even worse if there is anything plugged in near it . I had to unplug everything near it in her room to tame down the static . I hate this monitor and now I have to spend money on a new one .
 Pros
 first of all , the nite light did n't work.I am an engineer so things I buy get heavily scrutinized . The unit comes with three DC adapters , but only one fits the baby monitor . The other two are for the parental units , but will not charge a rechargable AAA battery . The battery doors are not designed to be removed easily -LRB- feels like I 'm about to break the latch when it finally releases -RRB- and since the unit does not charge rechargable batteries . The baby monitor does not accept batteries , so if you want to move it you need to bring the DC adapter along with.It 's going back.If these things are not important to you then fine , I have not tested the range further than upstairs/downstairs and then only for a very short time so I will not comment on this.Best , Dan
 I do n't own this particular model . I own an older Graco two-handset monitor that we got when my daughter was born two and a half years ago . I assumed it would last us a while , but like a lot of electronics in this day and age , I think it was made with a distinct functional life -- which is over . It worked great for the first few months after my daughter 's birth , but we also did n't use it very often because we were in a one-level apartment where were could hear any sound from any room without the aid of technology.Now , though , we have moved into a three story house , and definitely need the monitors to hear the babies in their rooms . The sound on both handsets have short-circuited at this point . They will show a red line when my kids cries , but the sound fades in and out on one monitor , and is completely dead on the other handset . I ca n't go to sleep thinking my children might be crying themselves sick , so we have had to buy another monitor set.Also , the channel on the monitor I have gets interference from the house next door -- and from some strange company where I can hear the receptionist taking calls from people ! Let me tell you , when I hear some strange man 's voice over the monitor at one in the morning , I think someone had broken into the house . Spooky , to say the least.So , like I said , I do n't own this model , but I wo n't buy another Graco monitor .
 My mom got this 1 the whole house didnt get any sleep so she got upset and so we were all upset , finally my mom got a fisher price 1 , what a release we got some sleep
 This product works ok , not great . Heavy interference with my cell phone or other items , even worse when my cell is unplugged and only the cell phone charger is plugged in . Uses regular batteries which is nice , no need to worry about recharging -LRB- but you need to keep spare batteries on hand -RRB- . Works great in my kitchen , but not in my bedroom .
 This monitor always had a lot of static in the background . Sometimes it would not even work because of the amount of static . And now I havent even had this year and it doesnt work at all . A piece of junk ! Save your money and buy something useful .
 I 've have used the Fisher Price sounds and lights for a few years now and thought I would try these out because they received good reviews and I liked the aesthetic appearance of them , the antenna being shorter was nice . Boy was that a waste of time . I could barely hear my baby crying on them , granted the `` white noise '' was n't there so much , but neither was his voice and I needed to hear his voice . I would absolutely not recommend these . It 's possible my set was defective , but I will never know for sure , I ended up just buying another Fisher Price set . The white noise does n't really bother me , it seems most people complain about that ... but I 've never known monitors to not have it and the one that I tried -LRB- this set -RRB- that did n't have much white noise ended up defeating it 's main purpose anyway . On the plus side , the return through Amazon was quick and painless .
 After 4 months it just broke . Also it was also very noisy . Just garbage ! Do yourself a favor and buy anything else .
 My wife and I bought this monitor for our newborn son 's bedroom , and we are highly disappointed for a few reasons :1 . Excessive Static
 I am a full-time caregiver and I bought this to monitor the bedroom where my uncle sleeps so I can hear him during the night if he needs anything . All I got was static , and could hear a woman talking to her friend what is unusual about that is we live in the country and I should not be able to hear someone 's conversation . Anyway , I tried for 2 hours and could not get the static to go away so I shipped it back and went to Radio Shack and bought their cheapest 2 room intercom and that solved my problem.I am not saying this baby monitor is not for you , it just did not work for me .
 Want to buy a different baby monitor . I bought because got good ratings , cheap , & one of the few monitors that came with 2 parent units . Had for 3 months now . Live in a 3 floor condo complex and it just got more and more static lately . Noticed differences when turn certain lights on or charging cell phones . No good . It 's starting to wake us up b/c of static noise changes throughout night . It picks up noise well though and I like the fact that it has the light indicator for noise . I also like that it has option of AC or rechargeable battery . But I would not recommend to another person.Update
 Maybe it just depends on too many factors since some people seemed to really like this monitor but it did n't work for us . I bought it after reading the great reviews on here . It 's really hard to find a monitor that works for everyone . With this one , if we turned it up all the way , we could just barely hear the baby crying . The problem was n't static or anything . We just were n't hearing much of anything . It definitely would n't have been loud enough to wake anybody up . I probably would have just heard her trough the house before I heard her on the monitor . Kinda defeats the purpose of buying the monitor ! We went with the Graco ivibe imonitor instead . More expensive , but it works .
 With it 's two parent units , I really wanted this monitor to work well for us , but the static is intolerable . For now , I am just keeping the house very quiet when baby is in his crib . I 'll be replacing this monitor soon . Also , the battery case is quite difficult to get into , and the set feels really cheap because of it . Upon further consideration , I would much rather have a monitor with rechargable batteries anyway , but this review is based on the static . I 'm giving it two stars because about 20 % of the time the static is n't so bad .
 Does this monitor work ? Yes . I can hear my little guy stirring before he is crying and that is important to me . I also like that it comes with 2 receivers , so I can put one receiver in my living room and another in my bedroom.However , the receivers offer up SO much static and a constant buzzing noise . It drives me insane at night . No matter where I move the receiver in my bedroom , I still get the buzzing . The only other electronics in my room are an alarm clock/radio and a cordless phone . Not only do the receivers suck the life out of the batteries amazingly fast , they are n't rechargeable . It is n't that easy to put batteries in which you will be doing daily if you do n't have it plugged in at all times . The base set is plug in only and that is a huge problem if your power ever goes out . The other night our street lost power for 12 hours . I actually had to have baby sleep in our bed for the night because I was n't comfortable not being able to hear him in his crib . We are not co-sleepers and I found myself actually angry at an electronic device . I put up with the constant buzzing , but that was the final straw . I 'm buying a new one .
 These monitors are poorly made . They stopped working after two weeks . When they were working the noise and feedback was terrible . Stay away - much better quality monitors are out there
 We bought this monitor a year ago and it was ok at first . Now that we 've had it a year there is enough static to be annoying . We 're looking for something different to replace it .
 We did n't like this monitor . My husband said it was useless . It did n't seem like we could hear anything and there was some static . We sent it back and got the one we really wanted for a lot more money . Happy now .
 Both parent units/receivers stopped working within about a week of each other . When we turned the parent units to `` on , '' we would hear sound from the nursery unit/transmitter for a fraction of a second -- then nothing but white noise . This white noise/static sounded much like the fan in our nursery ... so we did n't even know that the receivers had broken until we heard crying from the nursery -LRB- and then realized , `` Wait ... we 're not hearing that in the monitor at all '' -RRB- . We 're very careful with our electronics ... and judging by the fact that these both stopped working independently of each other , I know it had nothing to to with the AC adapters , a mix-up on the channel selection , etc.Fortunately had a few days left before Amazon 's 30-day return policy ended , so shipped back for a full refund .
 We just received this monitor to use in our second baby 's room -LRB- due to arrive in a few weeks -RRB- . I hooked it up in my 18 month old 's room to test it out so we could see if we liked it before baby # 2 arrived . We have a white noise sound machine in our daughter 's room , which we have also ordered for the new nursery , and unfortunately the monitor picked up immediately on the interference even though it was on the opposite side of the room . I tried turning the volume down to the lowest option and it was still very audible , with a high-pitched `` squeal '' sound . When I tried switching channels , it got worse.I am really bummed because I liked the other features - the nightlight w / auto shutoff after 15 mins , the two parent receivers , etc. .
 I was unable to use these as expected because of static . One had low-level continuous static and the other had loud static . It unnerved me listening through the static and I simply stopped trying to use them.This was a regrettable purchase , a waste of money . I do n't recommend this product .
 I bought this set hoping that despite the low price , it would work based on the reviews on this site . Well , not for us - we get horrible static reception/feedback despite moving the monitors to several different areas in the house . I really like the light sensor option on the front , and wished these would have worked out for us . And yes , battery hogs they are - I think my batteries lasted a day and a half with the monitor being on maybe a few hours each day , before they went out . I 'll be returning this back to Amazon ...
 This monitor gives off a constant static noise - on BOTH channels . Volume of static is much louder than the sound of my son in his nursery , totally defeating the purpose . I intend to return this and get a different model Graco -LRB- the one I had before was the graco imonitor - which lost its ability to hold a charge and thus has to be plugged in at all times , but always left me confident that I knew what was going on in the nursery -RRB- . The imonitor cost a lot more - I guess you get what you pay for .
 From the divergent reviews -LRB- static vs. no static -RRB- it would appear that Graco has quality control problems . The question is whether you want to roll the dice and hope for a good one . I would love to see statistics on what percent have issues . For what it 's worth , the static on even the lowest setting is louder than our alarm clock and it gets louder if I turn up the volume . We 've found that the best way to hear the baby is to turn off the monitor so we can hear the baby crying through the walls and down the hall . I 'm trying to return it , but foolishly recycled the packaging it came in . We do have the usual other devises in the house -LRB- cordless phone , wireless router , fisher-price baby monitor -RRB- that have no static problems whatsoever . Turning them off has no impact on the static , which leads me to believe it 's a quality control issue with the Graco monitor -RRB- .
 I own the Sony NTM-910 and this model . I much prefer the Sony , since it comes with rechargeable batteries in the receivers which automatically recharge , whereas the Graco wo n't even recharge batteries if you buy them yourself . Also , the Sony is voice-activated , which means it is completely silent until the baby makes noise , even when turned all the way up . The Graco on the otherhand , you have to turn almost all the way down to avoid a constant hum , which will make you an insomniac in no time quick if you turned it up . I just assumed all monitors had this feature , and am sorely missing it on this one . The Sony NTM-910 comes in a dual receiver model , which I would recommend over this . I almost bought it but due the -LRB- ... -RRB- price difference I opted for this model . However , the -LRB- ... -RRB- will quickly be eaten up in battery costs , so no real advantage there .
 The Ultra Clear II replaced my orginal Ultra Clear which worked great but finally gave in after 2 kids . I assumed the II model would be an upgrade . Both receivers sit in the same place as the original Ultra Clear but emit a repeated static wheeze that fades away every 30 - 45 seconds . It 's not too loud , so it 's okay when other activities are going on , but needless to say it 's bothersome at night when you 're trying to sleep . They will be replaced
 Worst piece of junk I 've ever bought . The inflatable piece would n't blow up like it was supposed to and the legs were very wobaly . Returned it immediately .
 We bought this for our newborn , thinking what a great space saver it 'll be.NOT !!!!! I have yet to fold it and our baby -LRB- now 4 months old -RRB- would slip and slide in this thing at bathtime . It is not sturdy . Just Plain Worthless !! I did n't buy another tub sooner because was being cheap and wanted to get my money 's worth out of it . Do n't buy this tub ! It 's not good .
 We bought this tub for grandma 's house and were really disappointed with it . The plus is that it folds up nicely . However , the legs kept folding under when moved after each use and needed to be fixed before using it again . Our son is 4 months old and kept sliding down the tub . I would not recommend this for a young baby , as it took two people to give a bath - one person to hold the baby in place , the other to do the bathing . I felt as though my baby was unsafe in this tub .
 I 've bought this tub thinking that I can just fold it up and store it under the sink . But that 's not how it works . It take many steps to fold and unfold it , one of them ivolves inflating the seat ! The mechanism for snapping it in place when it 's unfolded looks like it would break if it was used a couple of times . Also , the plastic inflatable seat smells like all of the plastic inflatable things , probably not very pleasant for a little baby . I am returning this item .
 I must say , this was-without a doubt - the biggest waste of money . We have n't been able to inflate the tub , and it 's not for lack of trying . The legs are not sturdy , our baby slides around in this tub , and it does not exactly fold easily to compact dimensions . If you 're cramped for space and live say , in a box , then this tub is for you . If you have enough room to walk around in your bathroom , then just invest in a regular tub and save yourself the backache of trying to figure out where to stow this widget .
 Why you should n't buy this tub :1 . The legs on this tub supposedly fold out and lock into place . But they do n't lock well , so there 's a chance the tub can collapse with your baby in it .2 . The area where the baby lays is supposedly inflatable -LRB- with multiple nozzles you have to blow into to inflate it -RRB- . But you have to pinch the nozzle so tightly to get air into it , it 's almost impossible to inflate .3 . Even if you get past the chance of it collapsing and the fact that you have to re-inflate it every time you want to use it , the tub does n't fold away easily.Don ' t buy this tub .
 I really wanted to like this bath tub . We got it out the first time , filled it up and within 10 minutes all the water was covering the counter . The plug does not stay plugged in -LRB- keeps popping up -RRB- ! I returned this tub and got a replacement of the same one thinking it would be better . But , it did the same exact thing ! What a waste of money . I really liked the look of this tub and the fact that it reclined . I think I will try the tub one more time and try to assist the plug by putting a wash cloth over it and see if it holds that way.Other posters mention the legs are n't good at locking so they were concerned about safety . We do not have this problem . The legs locked very well . We only used it twice , but I do n't really plan on folding it up after each use so I 'm not sure if the wear and tear of constantly folding it up causes it to become less sturdy . Also , some posters mention their baby slides around in the tub . We bought one of those baby sponges since our son is a newborn -LRB- 2.5 weeks old -RRB- and he seems to do fine .
 This bath tub is the absolute worst . It is hard to fold , unfold , blow up , and bathe a child in ! What is it good for ? Nothing ! My baby slid all over the place in the tub . The `` incline '' for the seat is not an incline at all . It 's almost the same as laying it down fully . I would not reccommend this product to anyone . I am returning it immediatly .
 I just purchased this tub today after my daughter outgrew her newborn tub . What a disappointment this product is . I agree with the reviewer that this is not `` easily foldable '' as it says on the box . There are way too many steps involved to fold and unfold the tub . Also the plastic fasteners are so cheaply made that I doubt this would last more than a month . Also , my daughter was not well contained in this tub and slid all over the place even as I was holding on tightly to her . I do not recommend this tub .
 I bought this thinking that it would be helpful since we do n't have much room in our bathroom . My daughter slides all around in it and it is very dangerous . The legs are wobbly and dangerous . The valve that is made to drain the water leaks constantly . This is the worst baby tub I have ever seen or used !
 I typically do n't write reviews , but I felt it necessary to do so in this case . I bathe my newborn -LRB- 6 weeks old -RRB- son in this tub on the kitchen table . I 've used this about 5 times , with the 5th being the last . The plug came open and leaked ALL of the water onto the table and floor . I thought maybe my son had accidentally knocked the plug out , so I tried it again . No luck , the plug came undone again and does n't stay closed anymore . Also , this tub is not newborn/infant friendly-I had to have my husband hold my son while I washed him because he would slide around so much in the tub . It was also very difficult to inflate -LRB- unfortunately , I had to do it the old fashioned way as I do n't have a pump -RRB- ! I honestly do n't have anything positive to say about this tub . Do n't buy it ! I had to rate this 1 star , I wanted to rate it 0 stars !
 I was looking for something that I could use from newborn to toddler and only found disappointment . The legs do not lock into place and a newborn -LRB- or any child -RRB- can accidentally knock the drain plug out with ease . Perhaps the legs will stay in place when you fill the basin up for a toddler or small child . Definitely not for everyday use . Considering recycling into something better rather than donating it .
 If I could give this a 0 rating I would . This bathtub is completely worthless . It is a fold away tub ... but in order to do so , you would have to deflate the tub . Not sure that I would want to inflate a tub every night with a 4 months old and a 2 yr old running around . So the tub ends up taking up alot of room in a bathroom where there is none . The tub is also not supportive for younger infants . I use a bear sponge ; but it ends up sinking into the tub . The plug that holds the water in , never stays plugged which is really annoying . I am too cheap to go and buy another tub , so this will have to do until he is able to sit up on his own .
 I received this bath as a gift and was excited . However there are a few problems with it that would make me not want to purchase it . 1st , it is very slick and he is constantly sliding down the inclined side of the tub . Which just means you have to hold him the whole time , which can be very awkward because of where the sides are . 2nd , as he has gotten bigger -LRB- almost 4 months -RRB- he is too long for the tub -LRB- about 24 inches -RRB- he can no longer splash around and looks very uncomfortable . I would imagine when he masters sitting the tub will work okay again , but by then we can just use the big tub . It will help when traveling though . So to conclude it works , but I think there are better buys out there .
 I 've used this tub when my son was first born . The main reason why we bought it was to save space , but what we found is it really did n't save all that much space . I also found that is was not very sturdy to hold my son up because he kept slipping down on the tubular bottom . I found that I needed to use two hands to keep him safe in the tub , therefore had troubles washing him because I could not hold him sturdy with one hand and wash him with the other . It does not have a little compartment to hold your shampoo and soap , so you have to reach outside the tub and turn your head away from the baby . We switched to the First Years Sure Comfort Newborn to Toddler Tub and my son was better supported and has a great time splashing away .
 Do not buy this bathtub . Despite saying `` newborn-to-toddler '' , it is absolutely NOT safe for a baby that can not comfortably sit up unassisted . When reclined , it is not actually very reclined , and there is no bump for the baby to sit on to keep from sliding down . Furthermore , there is no friction between the baby and the tub.Also , it 's flimsy , and the legs snap off a little too easily .
 Both my daughter and I have tried to use this a couple of times to bathe her newborn . We are both uncomfortable with the instability of it . The legs do not lock in well and I feel like it 's going to collapse under the baby . If baby would be perfectly still and I would not bump the sides at all , it would probably work - so it 's useless . I am going to return it .
 I bought this to use with my 2 month old . I tried it the first night with one side inclined but he was slipping around in it . The second night I tried it with both sides inclined , thinking maybe this would help him to stay in place , but no such luck . Not only would he slip down into the water as there is little to no support , it also tends to push him off to the side . I 'll be returning this today . I have to say that I am rather disappointed .
 We tried this tub once and immediately returned it . The foldaway idea is great but the product itself was terrible . - the legs do n't easily snap in and out of place . - the inflatable inside would not stay level . It tilted to one side and tried to dump my baby on his face . - the plastic is cold . We poured hot water over it to warm it up but it immediately cooled down again . It was a huge shock against the baby 's skin and resulted in a shrieking baby.The whole experience was a nightmare and I would not recommend this to anybody .
 I do not recommend this product for a newborn . It is unsafe , as it is too large and slippery for a newborn . If you are not holding your infant with both hands , they will slip around in the tub too much , and potentially have their head slip into the water in the water in the tub . There is no way you could safely bathe a newborn without two people on the job using this bathtub . If you 're looking for a bathtub that you can easily and safely use for newborns , I recommend one with an infant sling . The sling cradles the baby and prevents them from slipping , keeping one or both of your hands free for washing the baby . This product will be returned , and I highly caution any parents against purchasing this product , given the safety issues .
 This bath was very unsafe for my newborn . It is very difficult to wash them in this tub . You almost have to hold them with 2 hands which makes it difficult to wash them . I liked the idea that you could fold it away when you were done but it was too difficult to fold so I did n't do it . There are two clips at each end in the center of the tub and it made the are where the baby lays uneven and if you do n't hold them they can roll to the side . There is no support like in other tubs I have seen to keep them from slipping down either . I plan on returning this item .
 After one use a seam broke on the liner creating a large imbalance . The plug also easily pops out spilling water .
 Great idea - but it stopped working after 3 days . We replaced the battery - but it still did n't work . We sent it back . Also , we would have liked the `` giggle '' to be louder .
 Bought it , tried it and returned it . It 's a good idea , but it 's just not such a great product . I heard the newer version is better . The one I got is kind of cute -LRB- it 's pink -RRB- and could be a toy for older kids , but as a child locator , it just does n't work that well . I am not sure if the battery is old or something else is wrong .
 I bought it & it showed up defective . The bug part worked but the activator would n't activate it . I tried buying new batteries but it did nothing . I guess these items are just made cheaply . I had the same thing happen with the Mommy , I 'm here locator , the brown bear was a lemon as well . I had several people verify both products were duds in case it was me doing it wrong . I just would n't trust any of these , b/c even if I bought another one and it worked , I could n't trust it to work when my toddler makes a break for it .
 Almost a piece of junk . It sort of works . I finally opened mine and removed the batteries and threw the rest of the contraption away .
 I thought this was a clever idea for helping me find my toddler in a department store . It was $ 20 wasted . First it took 41/2 months to get because of backorders getting pushed back . Second , it is n't loud enough in most stores because the beep can not be heard most of the time over the music . Works fine if the store is fairly empty and playes subdued music . Third , after a month it stopped beeping . It buzzed and vibrated for hours . I took the battery out hoping to reset the bug . This did n't work . The buzzing continued after replacing the battery with a new one . I do n't know if I just got a dud but it 's overpriced and failed me miserably .
 Good idea but does not work . The bug 's siren is so quiet there is no way I would trust the safty of my child with this thing . I thought it was going to be loud like the person alarms that make that high pitch sound .
 Companies selling safety products should care about what they produce . This product is terrible ! Cheaply made , it was difficult to use and was unreliable . It work right only once , then it did n't work correctly again . Amazon has a great return policy and I returned it very quickly.Also my 2 year old son was afraid of the `` bug '' , we bought another product that was much less frightening . That product is well made and fantastic.The Mommy I 'm Here Child Locator did cost a bit more , but was well worth it.I do n't normally write a review , but this was so bad , It looked like a dollar store item , honestly .
 The Giggle-bug I wasted my money on is sitting in my kitchen junk drawer as I write this review . It 's incredibly obvious that the manufacturer never bothered to test this device in a real-world environment . The toy-like look of the Giggle-bug attracts other toddlers who touch it and activiate it over and over again . -LRB- My poor little 19 month old boy was walking around the playground saying beep , beep , beep , beep by the end of the first day we tried it . -RRB- That being said , the beeping noise is so subdued , that only the child wearing it and those in his immediate proximity can hear it . Sure , in a museum , the beeping could be heard from a distance , but in a crowded park , it can be heard from only a few feet away - and if your toddler is within a few feet of you , why would you need to use a locator to find him ? Anyway , this product gets a big fat `` 0 '' from this customer .
 I bought this for my son when he turned 2 as he is a runner . He thought it was cute but there was no way we keep him from removing it from his clothes as it just clips on . We tried butting it in a pocket of his clothes but could not get it to work . We were better served by the backpack monkey harness . I couls have sold 20 of those in the airport during out trip .
 You know the old expression
 I took the Giggle bug with us to a stock show . It was inside a large building with lots of people and you could not hear the beep with the child right next to you unless you listened really carefully . The beep is not loud enough .
 I was looking for a lightweight stroller and this one seemed to fit my needs , but the cons far outweigh the pros . These are the cons in my experience.-It is difficult to fold-The sun shade is not big enough to shade the baby from sun.-The storage area below is small-The whole stroller feels cheaply madeI expected more from Peg Perego and this stroller was a huge disappointment to me . The only thing I can say that is good is that it is lightweight .
 I LOVED this stroller when we first bought it . My daughter seemed comfortable , it was very lightweight and compact and a super smooth ride . The only complaints I had were that the parent cupholder was a bit flimsy and it was kinda difficult to fold and unfold while holding the baby ; however , I was able to overlook these things . It has now been about a year since we 've purchased our Aria and I must say that I feel as though we were duped ! You 'd think that a $ 200 price tag would guarantee a fantastic stroller for life ! I do n't know what happened , but within the last couple of months , the alignment on the stroller has become screwed up . Forget about one-handed steering . Even if I am strolling along a completely flat , straight surface , the stroller still somehow veers to the left unless I have both hands on the handlebars . I was walking my daughter home from preschool the other day and answered my cell phone with my right hand and tried to steer the stroller with my left hand . I lost control of the stroller and pushed my daughter straight into a shrub ! Definitely not the stroller for a multi-tasking parent . It is truly very labor-intensive to walk my daughter home from school , because the stroller has become so difficult to steer ! I regret spending so much money on this stroller and plan to replace it with a new brand/model this week .
 I bought this for my son , who was just over 2 years old at the time . Within about 9 or 10 months , the railing broke at the plastic hinge . Obviously , since this is major stress point for the product , it can not be fixed with just some heavy duty glue . I was disappointed that this railing did not last longer .
 I was initially very happy with this product . We purchased it to transition our 2-year-old to a double bed . However , the plastic hinge bracket broke after several months of use . Since I liked the product , I thought maybe I did n't have it adjusted correctly and bought a second one . It , too , broke ; so I 'm now looking for a sturdier alternative .
 This package looks like it is from 1980 . There is nothing about BPA free on this it was made so long ago . There is no way I would use these on my girls .
 I have a 1 month old little girl who has colic , my 2nd child to have this awful trait . I could n't find a bottle that fit her needs so I looked up these bottles and read all the reviews . They were so great I decided I would try them out . But what I found is that they are no different than any other bottle , at least for my little one . In fact , she never spit up until she started using these bottles . And the colic did n't disappear like some people say . No one knows what colic really is and what causes it , so maybe there are different factors to it and some babies did actually get better with this bottle . I just know mine did n't . I would try anything to stop her from crying , but these did n't work .
 After trying almost every bottle , I tried these and waht a nightmare ! There are to many parts to clean and they leak ! I called Dr. Brown 's customer service line and they were on the defense and said you can not shake the formula to mix it - you have to stir it . As most people who use powder formula know this is not an option as just stiring very slowly as they say does not mix the formula . I saw no difference using these other than they leak and a pian to clean and have to use a special brush to clean them . I went with the Playtex Natural Disposables and never looked back @
 My daughter is 6 months old and we have just found out that she has feeding problems as a result of using these bottles . The nipples on these bottles are large and have prevented her muscles from developing in her mouth to allow her to eat solid foods . We are currently in therapy learing how to re-shape her palate and train her how to eat solid foods . We have been told that this will take a few months to correct .
 I registered for these bottles while I was pregnant based on reviews I had read and hear-say from people I 'd meet in the store while `` researching '' them . Of course when you are a first time mom you are n't familiar with any of the baby stuff so you have to take advice on these sorts of things from other moms . I think the concept of these bottles is wonderful but they are too aggravating . I never used one of these bottles that did n't leak . No matter what I did to try to get them not to leak , it did n't work . So they made for a very messy feeding time and a waste of milk ; and as a first time mom with a newborn , this is the last thing I wanted to deal with ! I always had to make sure that my daughter had a bib on or I had a burp cloth tucked under her chin . I have recently switched to the Playtex VentAire and feeding time is much more enjoyable and not messy at all !
 I had a terrible time finding bottles that had a TRULY slow flow nipple , and that would reduce baby 's gas . These bottles may very well reduce gas , but the flow on the level 1 nipple is too fast for my baby and she gags ! After much trial and error , we went with the Playtex VentAire instead and are VERY happy with them .
 I put warm breastmilk in and for some reason it leaks all the time or leaks when you warm up bottle . to get around this I have to open up the top and let air in before I can feed the baby and sometimes it still leaks ... toss and buy different brand playtex
 I could n't wait to try these bottles , my son had very bad colic and trouble with choking and gagging on all types of bottles . I thought these bottles would help since the formula had to go through the `` tube '' and such but after I got these bottles and after spending a fortune for them all they did was leak . I tried all the troubleshooting remedies the website suggests but no results . I contacted handi-craft and they did n't even respond . I would never recommend these bottles to anyone .
 I heard so many good things about these bottles , and after no success with the also praised Avent system , I switched to Dr. Brown 's . I had no luck with this product , either , and there were more parts to clean with this feeding system . My 2-month-old son spits up even more after feeding -LRB- sometimes twice -RRB- with the Dr. Brown bottles . I have not noticed any less gas , either , and the nipples flow way too fast for him , even though I purchased the smallest size . I 'm glad this product has worked for others , but for me , it was an expensive and failed experiment .
 At first , these bottles seemed to help my son 's spitting up but after about a week of use , he went right back to spitting up volumes .
 DO NOT BUY
 Did not mention anywhere in the product description that these are the plastic Dr. Brown 's bottles , not the glass ones I was looking for . They are listed as BPA-Free but we 're sticking with glass . Back they go .
 These bottles are terrible . Each bottle has six different parts - Cap , nipple , nipple ring , tan color rubber vent system , long transparent vent , and the bottle itself . The entire system takes really long to wash , and the vent system becomes moldy very easily regardless of how meticulously you clean it . It has a tiny wire brush with which you can presumably clean the small nooks and crannies , but that is impossible . They also stink with a putrid , moldy smell -LRB- like rotten milk -RRB- that makes me want to throw up every time I wash the bottle . My baby has developed diarrhea which I am sure is related to the mold growth . I tried using the bottle without the the complex vent system to remedy this , but the bottle just leaks like a garden sprinkler when I tried to do that . Please avoid this bottle at all costs . I am concerned that there are serious health risks with this bottle related to the mold growth .
 I tried these bottles for my 1 month old daughter because they are supossed to help with gas . We tried both the long neck bottles and the fat bottles and both were terrible . She had worse gas than with the Avent bottles and the nipples are two soft . We have switched back to the Avent bottles that we used with my older daughter and she seems to be much more happy . Do n't buy these bottles .
 At first this bottle was great . Then after about one month the bottles started leaking and the rubber piece that goes on the top part started to get mold on it . I was so dissapointed so I e-mailed doctor brown and they never responded . So I would never buy this bottle again
 I purchased Dr. Brown 's bottles for my daughter . The idea behind the vent is great but what a pain to put together ! With a very fussy newborn , I did not have time to waste assembling the bottle . We discovered that Evenflo and Avent bottles work just as well and are cheaper .
 When my son was first born and had colic , I bought these bottles and thought they were wonderful . If I would have reviewed them at that time , I would have given them 5 stars.They worked great as long as I followed ALL the rules . It 's true that if you do n't follow their rules to a tee , you will get leaks . You can not heat the formula anywhere above room temperature , because formula will rise into the vent tube and leak , plus make it difficult for baby to feed because formula in the tube prevents the air from being filtered to the bottom of bottle , and he gets lots of air . Washing all those parts was a pain , but I thought it was worth it if it helped prevent gas and colic.The problem after using these for only 8 weeks - THEY STARTED TO LEAK NO MATTER WHAT I DID ! Even ready-to-use formula fresh from the can would rise up into the vent tube and leak everywhere . My son would cry and cry because the vent tube was almost choking-off the normal rythm of feeding that he had been accustomed to and he was getting tons of air . I would get so frustrated , I would start crying , too.I called Dr Brown 's toll free number and went through the entire question session - No , I never shook formula in the bottles ; No , I never heat above room temperature ; No , I do n't leave any of the top assembly or the nipple on the bottle when I heat it ; Yes , I 'm sure all the parts were assembled correctly and tight.Come-on , these had been working fine for me during the first 8 weeks - how can they say that I 'm doing something wrong all of a sudden if I had n't changed the way I was doing anything?Dr . Browns even sent me replacement rubber stoppers , and they did n't do anything to solve leaks . I think the problem is the vent tubes . I do n't think they are durable . I think regular heat and use wears them down or warps them to the point that they 're useless because they no longer make a perfect seal around the rubber stopper . I mostly hand-washed in hot tap water and rarely placed vent tubes in the dishwasher . If I did place parts in the dishwasher they only went in top rack in one of those bottle-baskets . My dishwasher is not one of those fancy `` heat-the-water '' types , so I know I did n't expose parts to too much heat.Bottom line , I tried the Playtex Vent-Aire 's and those are n't perfect either , but they 're better than these , and cheaper , too , plus less parts to wash . My son is accustomed to the faster flow of the Dr. Brown 's nipples and hated the Playtex nipples , so I now use the Playtex Vent-Aire bottles with the Dr. Brown 's nipples . Yes , I know you 're not supposed to do that , but I 've had enough of following these manufacturer 's rules to no avail - the Dr. Brown 's nipples work fine on the Playtex Vent-Aire 's - just make sure you push them in all the way and that you tighten top really well.If you 're buying bottles for the first time , my advice is buy the Playtex Vent Aires with one package of the Dr Brown 's Nipples in Preemie and one of the Size 1 packs . If the Playtex nipples are too slow , try the Dr Browns preemies and then the size 1 's to find the nipples that flow best for your little one . It 's sooo true when people tell you that all babies are different - some like slow flowing nipples , some like faster flowing , some are somewhere in between - you wo n't know until you have your little one . If you buy the Vent-Aires , you will also need to buy one or two regular -LRB- buy cheap -RRB- bottles to heat your formula in , because you ca n't heat Formula in the Vent-Aire bottles - they have that rubber sieve in the bottom that might get damaged by heat.One more tip to avoid all air with the Playtex Vent Aire 's - when your baby starts to feed , and bottle is upside-down , loosen the bottom of the bottle and he wo n't get any air at all ... just remember to tighten the bottom again before you bring bottle back right-side-up . My advice , stay away from the Dr Brown 's bottles . You 'll either be disappointed from the beginning like so many other reviewers on this board , or you will be thrilled at first and eventually be disappointed because they do n't hold up well . And even the company ca n't even figure out what is wrong - they told me they 're pretty new - so if you call them you might get a meany-weenie that tries to blame you for the faulty mechanics of their parts.Good luck . : -RRB-
 It does n't say anywhere I could see whether these bottles are glass or plastic -LRB- or something else -RRB- . I inferred from some reviews that they are BPA . Well , then , we 'd rather go for glass bottles . Safety concerns you see ...
 I bought these bottles because my newborn had gas after feedings which made her have colic . The five star reviews is what sold me . When I received the bottles , I was so excited to try them . To my disappointment , there was no change with her gas . In fact , I thought she was even more cranky at times . I find the Playtex Ventaire to be more effective than these bottles .
 I bought these because my daughter was a spitter . She would always get to much air and spit up half of what she ate . So I bought these to try and she hated them . I have also tried the Avent and she got to much ait with those too . The ones she likes and works best are the playtex nursers . You can puch the air out so you dont have to worry about it . plus she was easier to burb . I wouldnt recommend these or avent .
 With all the concerns with BPA , we decided not to take any more chances especialy with our baby . Unlike reputable companies like REI , camel back and Nalgene
 Hello , I bought the Dr. Brown 's bottles because everybody recommended them , for possible colic or gas ... they 're just great ! EVERYBODY SAID . But nobody comments on the constant spilling -LRB- I actually have to make the formula with a cloth or bib around the neck of the bottle -RRB- because when you open the cap I have to be ready of a lot of milk coming out and you can NEVER leave the bottles upside down or sideways = SPILLING FOR SURE !! Also these bottles are hard to clean and maintain , if you do n't dry well the inside parts by the second day they get mold !!!! And also the caps do n't fit well in every bottle as the Avent bottles . So I only recommend these bottles if your baby has colic problem , otherwise use AVENT PLEASE !!!
 We bought this product based on its testimonials and thought it would be the best choice for our new baby . While he had no problems using the Playtex Nursers , he ended up having a problem with Dr. brown 's Natural Flow bottles . First off , they are a pain to clean . Each piece needs to be painstakenly washed -LRB- boiling the nipple , washing the bottle , and scrubbing each hole of the the insert and the reservoir . -RRB- It was certainly laborsome and time consuming . Anyhow , when he uses them , he spits up where he did n't with the competition . I tried to figure out why . If you tip the bottle over it drips constantly without any sucking . So my baby is not sucking or swallowing when he uses this product . He lets it build up in his mouth and then ends up having to push it out when he has gotten too much . Needless to say , we are planning to return these and will stick with Playtex .
 Our son has reflux and had colic , and these bottles were recommended to us by several people . We started using them when he was 4 weeks old . At first , we thought they were helping but then began to notice that after feedings he would get the hiccups EVERY time . This did n't happen with our other bottles -LRB- Avent and Playtex nursers , and Evenflo bottles -RRB- . He seemed miserable with hiccups.Secondly , after we started to use these , he began to refuse his pacifier . The Dr. Brown 's nipples are so soft , that he fell in love with them and just wanted to suck on the nipple instead of his pacifier.Perhaps our son did n't do well with them because of his reflux , but now he is on the Evenflo Comfi nursers and doing fabulous . I do think that Dr. Brown 's should make pacifiers that are similar to their nipples , because they are made of such thin , soft silicone , that our son could instantly tell the difference between them and preferred them over his pacifier , even when he was not hungry . Now , we are trying to break him of the habit of needing a bottle to fall asleep !
 These bottles are horrible !! My son had bad gas so we tried these . They did work great for the gas , but one of the bottles in the 3-pack did not assemble correctly and leaked terribly . They also took FOREVER to clean and assemble . . not fun when you have a hungry infant crying for his food!Here 's the kicker . . I boiled all the parts every day , and cleaned them thoroughly every time with the enclosed brush , but two weeks later I noticed some MOLD growing on all 3 of the beige peices . I cut open one of them and was disgusted to find a layer of brownish green mold coating the inside ! No wonder he 'd been having screaming episodes and started spitting up !! I felt like a horrible mother for using these bottles!If you want to prevent GAS , use Playtex nursers with Drop-in liners . They 're SO much more sanitary , easy to clean , portable , CHEAPER , and prevent gas better than those bottles ever did for my son.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 Unfortunately , I was suckered in to all the hype about the Dr. Brown 's bottles . I used them for 5 months and finally got so fed up with all of the problems that I bought all new bottles . The biggest problem I noticed was that they leaked after I had them in the cooler if we went out . I never filled them past the line , but they ALWAYS LEAKED when they were cold . They leaked standing upright or laying down . I 'm a nursing mother and it killed me to watch my milk leaking from those bottles all the time . It was such a waste and my daughter would get milk all over her chin and neck . Cleaning the bottles was also a big pain . I really do not reccomend these bottles . I gave them to a friend who wanted to try them out . I 'm much happier with the Playtex nurser bottles with the drop ins . They have never leaked and I 'm not afraid to look in the bottle bag anymore when we are out !!
 Do not use these bottles if you use dishwasher to clean them . These bottles have too many little parts and the dishwasher does not clean them well . We bought a brandnew dishwasher with sanitize option just for the baby 's bottles . My baby have strange rash on his face immediately after feeding sometimes , we finally traced the problem to the soap on the bottle . Unless you wash yours with hand and rinse them many times , DO NOT use these bottles . Also , it did not help with gas and split up , we own 24 of these bottles -LRB- what a waste of money -RRB- and decided to switch to Avent . No more rash , and much less gas !!
 I am sorry I chose to use the Doctor Brown bottles . The inserts are a lot of extra work . You ca n't heat the bottles up or mix the formula with the inserts in . Without the inserts they leek so I have to premake all of my formula and then pour it into the bottle . Traveling with them is inconvenient because the inserts need to go into the bottle after heating , so I have to pack them separately . They also leak on an airplane , which I found out the hard way . The inserts consist of two pieces , which make for more washing . This takes more of my time which is already stretched . My baby still spits up a lot . The bottles are very expensive . Had I not invested so much money in them already , I would start anew .
 My 3 month old son was unable to get milk to come out of the nipple despite having no problems with any other bottles . We switched to Avent and LOVE that system .
 If you 're thinking about getting these bottles for 3 months or older infants you might as well go with other bottle brands.We purchased 2 starter pak -LRB- 3 bottles per pak -RRB- in the beginning . They came with 4 level 1 nipples 2 level 2 nipples . When we ordered additional 2 paks of 8 oz . bottles they all came with level 1 nipples . -LRB- Be advised that when you order these bottles they do n't give you choice of level 1 or 2 nipples -RRB- Our daughter is now 10 months old . We now have 12 bottles with 10 level 1 nipples that WE CAN NOT USE ANYMORE and only 2 level 2 nipples . We emailed the company numerous times in efforts to purchase level 2 nipples but they have n't responded as of yet.We even tried calling their Toll Free # but have n't been able to get through.We even tried making the holes on the level 1 nipples bigger by using needles and everything else we could think of but it is almost impossible as the nipple is made of silicon.These bottles are made in CHINA and their customer service is one of the WORST .
 I bought these bottles because of all the great reviews . I 'm sorry to say that I have to disagree . These bottles took longer to clean and prepare than was necessary and my daughter still had problems spitting up . I eventually started using the ventaire bottles and am very pleased .
 My Daughter did n't have less gass with this bottle at all.I know it is n't her formula because she does better with playtex nursers than Dr. Brown 's . I was just looking for a bottle with more space for formula . I hated the extra parts to this bottle . . just more to clean and hassle with . I also did not like the fact that you ca n't shake it b/c it leaks everywhere and when you go to heat it up you have to take the nipple and all off or the formula leaks everywhere . Not very convenient when you are holding your fussy baby at 2:30 am .
 This bottle leaks entirely too much ! I have to clean out my bottle warmer everytime I used these bottles . Born Free bottles are the best ! They are great in preventing colic and gas , plus no leakage .
 I had bought these bottles for my son . He had bad gas from the begining . He 's now a month old , and I am not using these bottles anymore . They give alot of air that goes to his stomach . I tried the Playtex Bottles with the plastic bags and these seem to work best when it comes to the air coming through . I would not recommend these expensive bottles ...
 Our daughter has no colicky problems nor any other related bottle problems . However , we originally used Avent bottles but wanted to try something sleeker and compact . After reviewing the minimal selection of thinner bottles at Babies r us , we decided on Dr. Brown 's based upon the postive reviews read . Unfortunately , I ca n't give a positive review as the others have . We gave this product a fair try for two and a half months with no success at all . When it is time for feeding , it is too much work to just warm it up . In order to warm the liquid up without spillage , one must remove the nipple and other parts . When we shake the bottle to dissolve the formula clumps , it leaks and squirts all over . I really would like to continue using the bottles if I was able to solve these issues . But because my daughter does n't have any bottle issues , it is n't quite neccessary to use complicated bottles . These must be only useful for troubled eaters ...
 The blade on this processor started damaging the outer bowl ... which is indeed dangerous as small parts of the plastic bowl started coming off !! I hope nothing got mixed up with my food ... am really worried . I would advice not buying this processor !! I would not recommend this one to anybody !
 I bought this product excited to begin preparing purees for my infant . . I tossed in some sliced apples which it barely was able to process . I was also surprised it did n't come with instructions or quick meal plans . I think the product is n't worth it . . you 're better off investing in a regular food processor all together . Thank goodness I was able to return it .
 Sadly , for me , this product was a waste of time and money . The motor is very very weak , and I found that I had to finely dice fruit and veges before it would even turn . When I first bought the product , it broke within two weeks , while processing 1cm cubed apples . Even though I had followed their instructions to pay attention to fit the sealing o-ring into place -- there was a burning smell coming from the engine and the o-ring broke soon after . Customer service was excellent and they shipped me a replacement promptly . I was convinced I had a lemon and that the replacement would be better . But sadly , this was not the case . The second machine operated just as poorly . In the end , I was hand grinding food for my baby , with the processor sitting unused on my kitchen counter . This machine can not even handle diced soft ripe bananas ... I would not recommend this product -- pureeing by hand is faster , or if you wanted to use an appliance , put your child 's food in a normal blender to puree instead .
 I got this because the reviews on Amazon were fairly good and frankly there is not much choice of baby blenders on the market.I tried it with pears , apples , and carrots and was very disappointed in the performance of this blender . First of all , it does not puree food . The most it can do is chop it into pieces not much finer than you would get with manual chopping . Even more frustrating , after the first round of chopping , the food gets stuck on the sides of the blender and away from the blade . So if you want to continue , you must open it and move the food back down into the center . Either that , or whack the sides hard with your hand to knock it back down . I think the reasons for this are the shape of the blending cup does not allow food to fall back into the center of the blade , as well as a poor blade design.Frankly , too much hand-holding and too little blending for a busy parent who needs something quick and efficient to feed baby . I am going to try the Magic Bullet instead , of which I saw a generic version on eBay for around $ 30 .
 Another review mentioned checking out wholesomebabyfood.com -- if it were n't for this website , I 'd be returning my Dex food processor right now . I 've spoken to the company directly and they ca n't offer any guidance to make food smoother or better tasting for my baby.I have four complaints
 I really wanted this little guy to work for me and my baby but it did n't . Maybe it would work for you but if you have a food processor or a blender it does n't really show a big difference . -LRB- If you do n't have one buy a mini food processor or a handheld blender instead of this ! -RRB- I was hoping this guy would make the smallest amount so that I can feed my little son right away . -LRB- I am a stay at home Mom so I ordered DEX to do instant grind/mix , etc. -RRB- I do n't want people to make the same mistake that I have made . Here are some problems that I noticed ; Cons ; - It did n't mix even 10g of cooked rice with 4 oz water.Most of the rice was in the bottom circling . :-LRB- -LRB- I did add extra water but it simply was n't good enough for me -RRB- - It 's not even quiet . - The top lid was just too hard to open . - The container is big enough for small amounts but even that small amount squirts out when it is activated.Pros ; - Super fast shipping -LRB- it was eligible for amazon prime so I did n't expect nothing less ^ ^ -RRB- - Super cheap ! I bought mine for $ 18.64-Protective plastic cord insert which was so cute-Egg shell like top looks cute , tooBut really if you are at stage 1 of your baby 's solid food this machine is useless . I guess I need to use my food processor and the skimmer to make my baby 's food after all.I seriously thought this guy would make my job easier but then again I do n't mind the extra work for my little baby.Anyways good luck with your DEX ~ ! Maybe I was n't lucky like the other reviewers who gave this product 5 stars . I only hope that I got the defective DEX . And one more thing it would have been nice if it showed the measurings.Bottom line ? I am saying good-bye to my DEX Baby Food Processor ^ ^
 Do not buy this item ! The plastic ring lining the processor broke . Luckily , I caught this before I fed my daughter chunks of plastic ! The gears also grind , leaving a residue in the food . We contacted the company on the second item and never got a response.If you 're looking for a baby food processor , just buy a normal food processor , which I will be doing with baby # 2 .
 Every time I 've used it , it smokes and makes the food taste a little burned . I 've tried only pulsing it for short periods , to see if that keeps it from over heating , but to no avail . If I could choose all over again , I 'd spend a little more and get a small Cuisinart processor .
 This blender does a great job blending the food but the design is flawed . I can only assume that they intended to simplify use by skipping a button or switch . What you do instead is push-down the top part -LRB- motor -RRB- into the base where the blade is balanced on a metal tip . The problem is that the motor starts before the top and blade are secure . The result is two plastic pieces that are n't moving in harmony ; and the gears grind down ... . game over.You can make this work without the grinding of the gears only if a. you always combine the two parts perfectly or b. unplug before snapping together.In our case , my wife was n't properly licensed and she seems to grind the gears every time :-RRB- The unit lasted about two weeks . We use an immersion blender now .
 I was looking forward to using this product along with my baby food making kit but this food processor seems to only be able to handle very small quantities of food . By small quantities I mean maybe 2-4 ounces at a time to be able to puree the food . I was quite disappointed . I would n't recommend it unless you plan on only making small quantities of food or food on a daily basis for your little one . Otherwise , it does it work .
 I purchased this product and I believed it to be the best invention for making baby food . Then I noticed when I was making carrots that the plastic became discolored and all the scratches became apparent -- not to mention it did n't puree as much as I wanted . After about 3 uses of making baby food the processor looked like I had been using it a year . Then on top of that the motor is very small and ca n't be used very long before it needs to cool off . Waste of time when making a month 's supply of baby food ! That 's another thing , if you plan on making large amounts of baby food , forget it because you will be there for hours ! I think it took me 3 hours to make 2 weeks of food.So I took mine back , paid $ 15 extra to get a VERY nice blender -LRB- much more practical since the whole family can use it -RRB- and it works 10 times better and can make three times the food the baby food processor does . I made 31/2 weeks supply in 2 hours . If this product cost between $ 9.99-11 .99 then maybe but for $ 19.99 no way -- extremely overpriced . Go get a blender .
 do n't buy this product . this new model is not working at all . previous reviews were based on older model . Not this one !! The older model worked great but this new model does n't work at all . It 's very dangerous to feed baby if you use this new model to process fruits !!! Foods remins solid even you run this machine for a while !
 I used this food processor for my first child , and fairly early on the rubber seal -LRB- mentioned by another reviewer -RRB- came loose and worked its way into my batch of baby food . It was only sliced into two pieces , so I was able to pick them out and not have to waste the food . At this point I would probably still have given it a 3-4 star rating ; it was actually still usable even without the seal in place.However -- I am now on baby # 2 , and am just starting to make food for him . Today I was making peas - not too challenging , surely ?! - and within a few seconds of starting the processor , it made a loud cracking noise and shut off . I opened it to see what had happened , and the `` heavy duty stainless steel blade '' had BROKEN INTO TWO PIECES !! I had to dig shards of metal out of my baby 's food so that when I poured it down the waste disposal THAT would n't break too ! I 'm horrified that this could happen to a product intended to be used for babies.The concept behind this product is great ; it 's so convenient , easy to clean / put back together , does n't take up your whole counter etc ... but there 's no way I could recommend it after my experiences of digging foreign objects out of my babyfood TWICE ! Hopefully DEX 's customer service is of higher quality than their products .
 My mother purchased this for me from TJmaxx or Ross or something . I 've learned to be very suspicious of baby products from those places - seems like they 've usually had some sort of issue and no one will buy them any more and sometimes those issues are dangerous like with this product.I think this blender is pointless . One could do much better buying a small food processor from Target or something . This Dex one is also cheaper at walmart online . This blender is weak , does n't blend very quickly or efficiently . I 'm horrified to read the reviews and learn about the plastic ring which I can not find in mine ! I guess I fed my baby plastic ! Mine 's been sitting in a plastic bag ready to go to Goodwill . Maybe I should just throw it away.It 's a piece of junk that ends up in Ross because it 's a poorly designed product . Do your baby a favor and buy a BPA free one somewhere else , and freeze your baby food in tiny Pyrex .
 I bought this unit and it broke right away . Bought another unit and it also broke rapidly . I checked the warranty and realized I could have it replaced . The company sent a replacement after a fuss and guess what ? It broke after 4 months . I asked for another unit and the company literally refused to send me a new unit . So , basically this item wont last and the company wont do much to help . Their customer service is horrible and borderline disrespectful .
 I ordered this online because I could n't find it in the stores and it arrived without a working motor . This is the 2nd baby food processor of two different brands where I 've had trouble with the motors . I decided to use a manual food mill instead -LRB- which can be ordered from Amazon.com -RRB- and has pretty good reviews , too .
 I bought this little machine with the idea of making healthy baby food . The first time I used it resulted in potential disaster ! The plastic ring fell of and blended into the baby food ! My husband , not wanting to waste our first efforts with organic pears , decided to eat it and found that nearly every bite contained at least one piece of plastic ! I am amazed that this product exists !
 This is a great processor for baby food !!! The warning is that there is a plastic seal in the lid that contains the blade that is removable . Beware that it can slip out and become part of the baby 's food with out notice . This did occur and plastic had to pass through my daughter.Buyer Beware.The company had little response.Dee
 Do not waste your money on this product if you have a baby that moves a lot in the crib !!! We used it for a week until we just got tired of the 10 false alarms we had every night , because my daughter moves a lot in her crib , and often ends up against the rail -LRB- and never the same one -RRB- . It was very stressful for us , and for her , so we just stopped using it.Now , I would have given it 3 stars , because it does work for a lot of people , but I called their customer service and they said it 's pretty much normal for it to beep a lot if you have a baby that moves a lot . I just wish they mentioned this in their product description , because now I 'm out $ 70 . So this really deserves one star for me . If your baby does n't move too much , it should work though .
 Awful.Piece of garbage.Let me start w / the sensor . Difficult to install & it changes the manufactured purpose of your infant mattress . But believe me , that 's the good part.The monitor itself is the absolute worst electronic I 've purchased in 20 years . How ? Why should it be that bad ? I have no idea ... It emits a perpetual humming noise . Constantly and it is not a quiet one . If you intend to plug this into an outlet w / any other device - it will get worse . If the flimsy power chord touches anything - it will get worse.Also , that carabiner/belt-hook looking end on the monitor - is n't anything but decorative . Please , do not waste your money on this . I do n't rant like this normally . I write reviews very infrequently . Do not buy this !
 The idea behind this is great , and to be fair it does work as advertized.However it emits a horrible hum at any volume . We knew this is an inherent risk in analog monitors , but our old Fisher-Price is silent when plugged into the same power outlets.In the end , we splurged for thePhilips SCD590 Digital Two Parent Baby Monitor . It 's $ 200 but you do get what you pay for . No interference whatsoever coupled with perfect sound clarity . Ah bliss ...
 I 've gone through a lot of gates , this one is the worst . Its difficult to set up and not very sturdy . The `` secure '' arm that holds it in place is hard to get positioned into place and it pops out very easy !! We threw this thing away . . its terrible !
 first moments after i put this gate up to keep my 9 month old daughter out of the kitchen it took all of the paint right off the walls down to the frame ! 4 big patches ... then my daughter tried to pull up on it and it slides around on the wall ... its a good thing i was right there to get her . . and then from the design w/all the little holes my dearest baby did a pull up and lodged her toes in it -LRB- ya know like climbing a chainlink fence when you were a kid -RRB- and tried to climb over it !!! i took it back the next day !!!
 I think it is important to read reviews first before you buy any product especially this one.CONS
 This baby gate is JUNK ! It takes some work to get it to fit tight in a doorway and its hard to latch . Save your money and go buy a cheap $ 10 wood one from wal-mart . I figured that it would at least work to keep my son out of the kitchen ... until he tried climbing it for the first time when he was about a year old . The entire gate fell down and pinched his fingers under it . I 'm a very mechanical person , I can figure out how to put a baby gate up securely , but this one just does n't do secure .
 I was happy to find a gate that was so adjustable . However , this gate has been a nightmare to use . In order to have the gate be tight enough in the doorway , the slot into which the locking handle fits ends up too far to the side for the locking handle to fit in it 's slot . I had to lock it into position while it 's free standing , then jam it into the doorway . I wo n't even give this gate to charity . It 's too difficult to use , and dangerous if not installed tightly enough .
 This gate was a baby shower gift which I used as a spare . After just a few months of using it only a couple handfuls of times the handle broke leaving the gate worthless . I used it from the time my baby was 6 - 9 months in age .
 This gate has ruined my wall , you have to fight with it for 20 minutes to even get it up , and then it still wont stay . its not safe at all !
 This security gate is poorly designed . It is cheap & is hard to adjust to the width of the opening . Weighted on one side . It 's like having half of a gate . when not in use , has to lean . Both sides of this gate should have been equal , so that one side could support the other .
 This has to be , by far , the worst , most dangerous gate for a child I 've owned.First off all , if you have uneven walls this wo n't work for you . Mine look even but apparently are not . There is no way to custom adjust this to uneven surface . I had to rig it with a sponge and one of those rubber jar openers wrapped around it to create a non-slip surface . -LRB- wondering why I did n't take it back ? This and a crappy wooden one were my choices at the store because my old one broke when one of my daughters fell through it late at night so Walmart was my option for a new one . I have to keep my kitchen blocked off at all times because my nearly 2 year old will get into it in the middle of the night -RRB- My nearly 2 year old son has figure out how to push it over due to the fact you can not customize the fit.Second its honeycombed designed plastic makes great climbing opening for little feet/toes and the adjustment part that slides leaves and opening big enough for a child 's foot to wedge in there while trying to climb the gate . My son has done both and hurt himself.Needless to say this gate is gone and replaced with one that has vertical metal bars with no areas he can use for a boost up or getting his toes/feet caught while trying to climb over it.I would imagine this gate might be ok if you had a pet or a child that is n't walking and completely even doorway walls . Otherwise , I deem this gate a dangerous piece of junk that needs some extreme re-designing to ever be used as an infant/baby gate for a walking toddler .
 This is the most terrible gate I have ever seen . Unfortunately , it is the only gate available on the overseas base I live on , so we were suckered in to paying almost double the Amazon price , since we were in a real hurry to have a gate . -LRB- It takes at LEAST 2 weeks for something to ship here , and then there 's the lovely shipping cost ... -RRB- Anyway , the `` memory '' feature of this gate is laughable . The idea is nice , if it worked , or if it was useful . This gate says it can expand anywhere between two given sizes . What they meant to say was it can ONLY expand to those two sizes easily . Anywhere in between is a ridiculous hassle . I spend literally 15 minutes trying to put the darn thing up every single naptime , every day . For three months , I have done this . I 'd have thrown it away by now if it was n't insanely difficult to throw things away in Italy.It 's also very , very loud to get into place . There are so many things wrong with this gate that I simply can not list them all . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . Get one of the old school wooden ones . They are cheaper and actually work .
 The locking mechanism does not work well . When you 've adjusted the gate to fit the opening , the locking mechanism will not engage . You must instead adjust the gate to about 1/2 '' narrower than the opening for the locking handle to lock into place.Furthermore , the locking mechanism catches when you do n't want it too making adjusting the gate to fit an annoying exercise.If you want a simple gate , I recommend the old school , tried and true wooden models . This one 's headed for the landfill soon .
 Do n't Buy !!! Save your money on this product it does n't work at all . It warps easy and will not stay in place . My two year olds can push it down with ease .
 Not worth your money at all . It is not sturdy , made of cheap bulky plastic , and it is very hard to open and close .
 The directions say to expand it to the size of the space between the walls and then turn the lock . The plastic is n't sturdy enough to stay together when you turn the lock so by the time the lock is turned all the way , the hole it 's supposed to lock into ca n't fit the handle . I tried a few different configurations and the ones that I was able to make the lock work were n't tight enough to support a light breeze.Don ' t buy .
 I would have returned this gate to the store where I bought it from , but I lost the receipt . : / So we 've suffered through using two of these gates for a week now , and I only dislike them more each day . I do have to state one fact that might be affecting how the gate works in our home - we have an older home and our doorways are crooked , which affects how the pressure mounts work.With that being said , I still think these gates stink on ice . First , the gates do n't expand and retract all that easily . If you are going to leave these gates up for extended periods of time -LRB- and you can get them to fit your opening well -RRB- then you may find these gates adequate , but if you use them in a doorway that you pass through often and do not want to play ` hurdle the baby gate ' then the fact that these gates are difficult to slide into the proper position is going to become very annoying . Second , once you get them into the proper position and fit them into your doorway , the locking mechanism is difficult to use . You have to force down on the lock quite hard to get it to lock into place , which -LRB- should -RRB- push the pressure mounts into proper position and keep the gate stuck in the doorway . Thirdly , once the gate is locked into position , it 's been my experience that it does n't always remain there . Our gates have popped out of the doorways several times.I really wished I had spent the extra 10 to 15 bucks and purchased a better gate . I 'm still probably going to cough up the money to purchase better gates anyway through Amazon .
 The gate installs as it is supposed to , but the locking feature is not - in my opinion - well designed . The handle sprung itself loose once or twice , or , when in fully locked mode , was very difficult to open . To fully lock , you have to push part of the handle behind a tab , which is not easy . To unlock , you will definitely need two hands and some patience . I tried to post this review with no stars , but the system wo n't allow it . That 's the only reason it has any stars at all .
 very disappointed with this product quality for the money ! cheap leather imitation but what really made me angry is a note inside the album stating that it should not be used by kids younger then 12 yrs old and it mentions formaldehyde ????? this is a baby album ! why would someone think of using toxic chemicals like formaldehyde when making a baby album ?
 We had such high expectations for this stroller for our two girls - we were quickly disappointed . Purchased at a boutique baby store in Dallas - at a premium price . All was fine until we started using it . The cup holder fell off immediately - and could not be reattached . The name plates peeled off the front - within reach of our 11 month old -LRB- she immediately peeled it off to try to eat -RRB- . The straps will not stay attached to the seat . Each time we use , we must re-loop them in to the seat back . Moreover , it is hit or miss as to whether it will easily close or open . There are times when it will not close and we have to stow it half closed . Other times we can not get it opened - usually when we are in a hurry . When it does open - it opens easily ; however it is most often a struggle . Our $ 20 -LRB- single -RRB- stroller from Babies ' R Us is much more reliable . Steer clear of this stroller !!
 I had heard great things about Peg Prego strollers . After my second child was born , two years younger than my first , I decided I would get this stroller . It is lightweight , the only good thing I can say about it . My two year old peeled off the sticker within the first hour of sitting in the stroller . The belts are horrible , not much for safety . Worst of all , it is very difficult to steer with two children in the stroller , even though it is made for two . I am very disappointed and now am in the market for another stroller . I feel like I wasted over $ 250 . I do not recommend this stroller .
 This is a poor product for the money . My husband thought it would be great because of the name and still refuses to admit it is a terrible stroller . The harnesses come detached frequently . The bottom material carrier will not hold much without scrapping the bottom . Trying to get this stroller over a curb or even uneven pavement is a real challenge . It does not steer well at all . The shades are useless because they are so small . I bought a jogging stroller at a garage sale for $ 20 that works great . PLEASE do not waste your money on this product .
 This has to be one of the worst strollers that i have ever bought . it is horriable on bumps , my kids almost flew out . also , the cup holder fell off . steering is so bad ... i actually dont like go to out because of how bad this stroller is . i rather stay home . i am looking into something different . oh , also when you call customer service they wont replace the stoller , big no no ! just send you the same torturing wheels .
 Well , my baby girl just does n't seem to like this toy . I started putting her in it at 5 months -LRB- after she had very good head control -RRB- but it ususally ended in crying . It 's a little difficult to get the baby 's legs through the seat . Now at 8 months 's she 's still not too interested . She likes her jumperoo , but just really does n't seem too interested in this exersaucer . I 'd have to agree with another 's review that the sounds are either too loud or too soft . This toy either gives you a big headache or else you ca n't hear the noises at all . For the money I 'd have to say I am a little disappointed .
 My daughter loves playing in this exersaucer and gets really excited when she is in it . She starts jumping up and down and bopping her head up and down . Well , just the other day she was doing this and her face came right down onto the yellow plastic holder for the phone . This part sticks straight up and is squared off . She ended up with a big scratch and a black and blue eye !! If it were slightly in a different position when she hit her face on it she coud have seriously damaged her eye ! I am very upset because you put your children in these toys thinking that the company has designed them to be safe and in my case it was n't . We have taken off that toy since the accident . So I warn parents to take this sharp holder off , its really not necessary , they should have attached the phone by itself or have a different type of holder .
 Whenever I close to this thing , there is foul smelling -LRB- almost poopoo smell -RRB- . Finally I found out it was from the flower rattle . This flower also bleeds dye when wet with horrible smell . I have no idea what kind of the fabric that they used for this toy , but awful !!
 I bought this for my son when he was 5 months old as soon as he learned to move around in it this thing became a hazard . The springs that hold it together are held in a clear see through dome and the kids see it as a toy . once they start messing with it the dome easily twist off , the springs pop up and the excersaucer COLLAPSES WITH YOUR BABY INSIDE !!!!! It only takes a second and the saucer collapses on your babies legs very poorly made
 Be careful using this once your child is comfortable standing for long periods of time . My son really likes this bouncer . He was bouncing in it this morning and managed to fly out and landed on the floor . Luckily , he was n't hurt . He pushed down on the top and bounced at the same time , he was able to get enough leverage that he ended up vaulting out of it . The bouncer did n't even tip over , he just flew out of it .
 I ordered the SmartSteps Exersaucer as a Baby shower gift , and the box was delivered in a damaged condition . The top was almost completely open , and I have no confidence that all the pieces and parts are actually there .
 I was tempted to buy one of these for my daughter , but was told by a pediatric physical therapist and a pediatric occupational therapist to not waste my money . They both explained that these toys can cause babies to develop bad habits that can delay when they walk and stand on their own . Even for short periods of use , a baby may be in there and not standing correctly . They may be on tiptoes or have their legs facing an odd direction . These bad habits can cause delays for a baby .
 I just purchased this item from Babies R Us today . I asked the salesperson if it was difficult to assemble , he said not really ... well he lied through his teeth!I have bought and assembled more baby products than the normal consumer and this one is a definate challenge !! After working on it for over an hour I 've decided to return it and get another model . I do n't think it 's worth the effort.The seat on the saucer has very little padding and it does n't look at all comfortable for a little child . Very dissappointed in this product , the picture on the box looked fabulous !
 I wanted to get the best exersaucer for my son , so I researched them for a week -- I spent hours on the computer trying to find one that was educational , fun and safe . I thought that this was it . Unfortunately , it had great reviews , and it was one of the most expensive which I mistook to mean `` quality . '' First of all , it was a pain to put together . But once it was done , I thought it was worth it . Then , there are butterflies that attach to the springs , which of course a child is going to grab and play with . So the butterflies bent , and then the springs got stuck and the exersaucer could no longer bounce . So my husband had to break the butterflies off -- and even then , we thought `` it 's minor '' and I still was n't too upset . But then this morning , my son was playing in it , and I noticed he had something all over his cheeks . I went to look closer , and realized the stickers that are on the `` book '' had shredded from getting wet from him putting it in his mouth . I was outraged . I mean , why would they put stickers on things when they know that babies put everything in their mouth ? Hopefully the glue that was on the stickers was n't toxic ! But even so , you do n't want your child ingesting paper !! And as other people have said , the cell phone holder is very dangerous , as were the butterflies before we took them off -- all have potential to poke your child in the eye . I am very disappointed with Evenflo -- they did not have a child 's best interest in mind when they made this , it seems they are just looking to make money at our children 's expense . I tried to go to the evenflo webpage , but it has n't connected for the past 2 hours . Hopefully I can get some kind of refund on this , otherwise I just threw away $ 100 . Definitely do not buy this product ! * UPDATE * After talking to Evenflo , they will only give me `` replacement '' parts for up to 90 days ... . which really is n't what I wanted . The new parts are going to be the same as the old parts , which are n't safe . It 's a shame -- I will not be buying any more products from Evenflo , and I will make sure all of my friends and family spread the word as well .
 I usually do n't write any review but want to warn any parent or gift giver to think about twice before getting this exersaucer . I got this saucer for my son when he was 5 months old . We bought it from the babiesrus store . We looked at all the exersaucers and walkers they carried in the store , and decided to get this one because we thought that it has a lot of activities to entertain the baby despite it 's the most expensive model . It was a great saucer in the beginning until one day we found that there was purple dye all over my baby 's clothes , hands and mouth ! You know how babies put everything they found into their mouths . My son put the rattling flower which is one of the attached toys into his mouth and the purple dye came from the purple and blue cloth petals around the rattle ! I immediately tried to remove the rattle from the saucer but found that it 's attached to the eletronic book . If I have to remove the rattle , I have to remove the eletronic book at the same time which is my son 's favorite ! So I cut the cloth string that attached to the rattle . I would return this saucer if I could at that point , but there were too many toys to be taken apart which all came in plastic wrappers before it was assembled . I thought that we could sacrifice one toy since there are many other activities on it . My son soon grew out of interest within 3 months . He refused and cried when we put him in it . It has been sitting in our living room unused for another 3 months when I finally decided to put it away . Although it features that it can be folded for easy carrying , I found out that the 3 butterfly springs ca n't be taken apart after they got snapped into the saucer . Now the saucer ca n't fit into the original box with the 3 butterflies sticking out . I put the saucer on the side in a standing position after it 's being folded While I was trying to get a big trash bag to put it in for storage . The saucer fell and broke one of the butterflies off and leaving a stick with sharp edge . I had seen my son poked the back of his head by the butterflies when he bent back his body . Now it is even more hazardous to let any baby sit in it with a sharp edge on the stick . What was the manufacturer thinking when they designed this ? If the butterflies ca n't be taken apart and the saucer wo n't fit in the original box after assembled , you 'll have to put it flat on the floor when storage , since it could fall and break the butterflies off easily ! Unfortunately , it 's too bulky to put it flat in our house . I 'm very surprise of all the good reviews it received . I would never get it if I knew about it . This saucer has very poor design and safety issues to be addressed . So think twice before getting it because you ca n't return it after it 's assembled unless the store will take it back without the original box !!!!!
 Purchased this Exersaucer for 4 days , it was really entertaining for my 6 monthes old son and he loves it . But we found all his clothes that he wore spending time in the saucer has some pink stains around the same area . I have a baby that puts everything in his mouth . By testing the toys on the excersaucer with a wet paper towel , we found out there was this flower with purple and blue petals that makes my paper towel all pink with its purple petal . I will contact evenflo tomorrow since it might be a health hazard for the baby .
 We read all the reviews and checked out all the other Entertainers and we decided that this was the best one even though it was $ 99 . Our daughter is 4 months old . First of all it does not entertain her all that much . She is a very active and playful baby and she can really only tolerate this thing for 5 or 10 minutes . There is also a blue bar that goes over the top with toys hanging on it , well they hang right in her face . You can not move it to a better spot either . The only option is to take it off . The worst part about the whole thing is there is a toy on it -LRB- a phone -RRB- that sits in a holder well I had my daughter in it one day and i turned away for a few seconds and when I looked back , if she would have moved down at all it would have taken her eye out . Very dangerous !! I do not recommend this exersaucer ! It can be dangerous or you can take almost all the toys off and it will be safe but very boring . I am returning mine .
 I ca n't really review the product since I was never able to use it . We tried putting it together initially but found a major part missing . We called it in to have it sent to us but it took Evenflo a month to get us the part . Since the baby ca n't use it until they are 4 months old and pretty much ca n't use it after 6 months old , a month takes a bug chunk out of the use of this thing . When we finally receieved the part , we went to put it together again and found more parts missing . I called Evenflo to ask if they could give me something else in place of the Exersaucer that the baby could use past the six month mark but since we were out of the 90-day warranty -LRB- we had received it as a shower gift months earlier -RRB- they were not able to help us and all they could do was send the missing parts again saying that we should have done an inventory again after realizing the first part was missing . I guess they are right but I still think they could have bent the rules a bit given the toy would be useless to us in a month and they had not given us the parts AND taken so long to get them to us . It 's still going to take a week to get more parts to us - wasting even more time . I give this product one star purely for the hassle Evenflo has caused us .
 I love the toys on this saucer . My son loves them , he could n't stop staring at it in the store . I rated it one because I bought it with one of the toys on the bar broken and sent three emails to them never getting a response . Two months later the piece with the story books on it broke.It keeps making weird noises . Again I tried to contact them but did n't get a response . I am upset that we wasted our money . I do n't know if we just happened to buy the one lemon or if they are not made very well .
 I was so excited to buy this toy for my little one . It was the worst contruction ever built ! The parts did not fit together properly . There are too many toys on it that they are on top of each other ... there are even a few toys that do not make any sense ... they do not work!I immediately took this back to the store and bought the Baby Enstein saucer . I enjoy it as does my baby .
 i received this as a gift for my 41/2 month old who can hold up his head pretty well and is attempting to pull himself up , but not yet sitting unassisted . we put him in this exersaucer and he immediately fell forward and hit his face on the edge of the padded seat . i read in consumer reports that babies should not be left in this exersaucer for more than 5-10 minutes at a time because it can cause their back to compress and grow crooked . also , babies should really be more like 8 months old before put being put in it . the box says 4 months and up but the directions -LRB- in an inconspicuous place -RRB- say baby must be able to sit up on his own .
 From the moment we opend the box , this was a HUGE disappointment . The directions were HORRIBLE -LRB- really , not everything can be `` part A '' -RRB- , there were missing toys , and the activity bar never played music , or lit up , despite several battery changes . Yes , we could 've returned it , but once you 've opened it up , spent an hour putting it together ... who has that kind of time with a 5 month old ??? This is the 1st , and clearly last evenflo product we will buy . She likes it enough , but would probably love it if all the pieces were there , and it worked properly . Obviously , their QA department is lacking , much to our great disappontment
 I wo n't dispute that this toy keeps baby entertained , but I have reservations about its safety as some other reviewers have remarked . I 've noticed some of the same things .1 . The dye from the teether runs off and looks faded now .2 . The stickers scratch off easily when wet - not a good mix for an infant who puts everything in their mouth .3 . The butterfly springy toys have plastic strings peeling off their stick - I ca n't imagine this would be safe for baby to ingest .4 . THe telephone holster can create a dangerous `` impaling '' situation if baby hits his head or eye on it while playing.I have removed the dangerous toys and will be putting Tape over the butterfly springs since they can not be removed . It 's a shame since most of the other toys on this saucer are very engaging.I would search for something safer , maybe Evenflo 's newer model of exersaucers have been improved .
 After reading all the comments regarding the running dye on the flower toy , we decided that we would test the fabric on all the toys before putting it together . We wet a paper towel and gently rubbed each toy . The dye ran on all the fabric , including the fabric on the seat and overhead bar . We decided to return the toy before putting it together . Who knows what danger the dye would be to an infant.We believe this item should be recalled by Evenflow .
 I bought this for my 4 month old son because of the good reviews and cool look of the play center . First , you need a ton of batteries as everything is lighted and musical . Although this would n't normally be considered a bad thing , in this application it seems very gimicky and serves as a replacement for well thought-out and imaginitive toys . The best single item on the center is the battery-powered and removable play box that has turnable pages . Everything else really gets old quickly -LRB- pop up apple box , twisty turtle man , useless cell-phone toy , boring ball roller ... -RRB- . The layout is very busy with poorly spaced toys blending together that seem to be overwhelming to the child . The 3 butterfly domes serve as shock towers and really are n't much fun to play with . The arch thing was fun for about 3 pulls of each hanging toy.Pros
 I have a 5 month old and got this toy because it had so many toys on it . There is a BIG problem w / it . Over the 3 springs on the legs , are hard butterflies that stick out . When my baby jumps , the butterflies just stick out further and he has hit his head on them . Also , the telephone is cute , but we had to remove it for the same reason . If you have an active baby , this toy could impale them in the eye . We had to cut the butterflies off as well as remove the phone . Not fun . And it takes about an hour to assemble . Oh ... the spinny guy does n't fit properly either . Skip this model and go with something else .
 There are two sound settings on the little learning table - one is way too loud -LRB- could easily damage your babies ears -RRB- and the other setting is way too low -LRB- ca n't hear it at all -RRB- .
 While my daughter was okay with this product , she really was n't thrilled with it . Now we are looking for one for our son . It reminded me of this one and I was surprised when I found that all these people had some of the same problems that I did . Dye coming off of parts , the butterflies coming off and leaving sharp points . Then I remembered that the reason we are looking for one for our son was because it is virtually impossible to take this one apart to store it for another child on down the road . In fact while trying to take it apart or flatten it for storage we broke it and I threw it out . What a shame all that money down the drain . I saved a few of the toys because they work on our highchair but I think I 'll be buying the Einstein one this time around . Thanks for reminding me folks .
 I was looking to buy a Port-A-Crib mattress.I ended up with a pack n play mattress.Port-A-Crib is a brand name , not a portacrib.Not your fault - fault of the manufacturers or the sellers . They give no size or that their portacrib mattress is for a pack n play.Totally dissatisfied .
 I ordered the tower on November the 14th and as of today January 13 I still have not received it . When I track the package it tells me it will be delivered by January 19th . My baby is due any day now . We can not finish the baby room because we have nothing to put the babies clothes in . It makes me very angry when I see the estimated time for delivery on this tower is 5-7 days . Do n't believe that for one second . I will write another review once it arrives to let everyone know if it was worth the wait . That is if it arrives .
 I did n't buy the Beatrice combo tower , but I did buy the Storkcraft Aspen stages crib that Storkcraft makes , and I tell you what ... There were nicks and paint scratched off all over it , when I got it , the box was damaged . One of the legs was backwards , so I had three front legs and one back leg . It took me five weeks to get the crib , then I could n't put it together . I called storkcraft three weeks ago and I still have n't seen the leg ... I too have a baby coming in a couple of weeks , and I will ask for a refund if the leg does not get here soon . It is currently sitting on the nursery floor waiting to be put together ... . I DO NOT recommend Storkcraft ...
 No denying that this is a good looking `` Changing Table/Cabinet/Chest '' . However , it took us about 6hrs and 3 people to assemble it as the instructions for the same were least helpful . Despite all the man hours that went into assembling , it was still unfinished as there were a few screws missing and a few that could not be used anywhere . For Example we have only one knob fixed to each draw as the screws do n't fit . We tried calling the customer care number at Stork Craft , but in vain as we got through with great difficulty once -LRB- when we were told that they will be sending the missing parts - this never happened ! -RRB- and subsequently never got through . Finally we have given up on trying to reach them but continue using the piece of furniture as we do not have the time and energy to disassemble and return it . Finally a bad `` Baby Product '' being sold by Amazon .
 When we received our package I was sure the whole thing would be damaged . The box was open and torn up . Luckily , when we opened it none of the pieces were damaged . This dresser was the worst thing I have ever spent money on . I know it was n't super expensive but I expected it to at least be decent . The instructions are terrible , the quality is poor , the middle drawer does not go in correctly and I cant even get the door to the tower on completely because the screws dont line up . After it was finally assembled we went to move it into the nursery and the bottom collapsed . We will be throwing this out and looking for something else . BIG WASTE OF MONEY !
 I ca n't believe that this piece of furniture costs what it does . It is definitely not worth the price . It seems cheaply made and lots of the pieces I received had paint missing or damaged sides . They should definitely consider better shipping materials . I would never buy this brand again !
 THERE WAS A CRACK DOWN THE SIDE WHERE IT WAS PUT TOGETHER AND NICKS IN THE WOOD . WE DID N'T HAVE TIME TO SEND IT BACK AND THEY ONLY OFFERED US 20 . OO FOR A DISCOUNT . VERY DISSASTISFIED ! WILL NEVER ORDER FORM HERE AGAIN
 This piece is horrible . The fasteners are shoddy and the `` wood '' is awful . The screws sent for the drawer pulls are too long so the pulls wobble . We had to use our own drawer pulls that we had bought for a different use . The finish on the `` wood '' peels off with your fingernail .
 I wrote off the bad reviews on this product , assuming other people were overly picky . Well , I should have listened.I ordered a stork craft rocking chair and this dresser to match -- both in Oak . I open up the dresser box first which was labeled OAK in color . When I saw the color of the wood , I thought , `` Hmmm , this looks darker than I expected . '' But I thought it was my imagination . So I built the dresser anyway . Took me a few hours , but that 's OK.I then open the stork craft rocking chair box , also labeled OAK in color . I pull out the first wood piece . It 's exactly the color I had expected something labeled OAK to appear ... and NO WHERE NEAR THE COLOR OF THE DRESSER . Turns out , the dresser they sent me was Cognac . Now , I have a completely built dresser that I ca n't return and furniture that does n't match.I do n't know how this company is still in business if this is their version of factory `` quality control . ''
 This is a very cheap piece of furniture . The finish is super thin and easy to mark up , it came with a few marks I was not able to fix and I will probably have to repaint the whole thing in a year or two . The drawers are flimsy and I had a hard time getting the door to fit on properly.The item was easy to assemble although it did take about 3 hours . You will need to pre-drill holes to attach the back , or switch to small nails instead of the screws provided.I would not recommend this item if you want something sturdy for a kid 's room .
 We first purchased this dresser in Fall 2008 and were really pleased with the quality and look for the price . Even though a piece came broken , Storkcraft immediately sent us a replacement one . However , when we order this same dresser combo for our second child just now I was surprised to see all the inside shelves , baseboards and sideboards are an ugly , cheap particle board white . When we called Storkcraft customer service they acknowledged the change , but did n't have a good reason . This taught us a valuable lesson - beware of buying furniture online when there 's no photos of the inside . Unless you just ca n't find anything better for the price , skip this one .
 That pretty much says it all . It looks great , it worked wonderfully for the first 7-8 months , then it started falling apart little by little . By the time my baby was 13 months old , the Beatrice dresser/changing table had the bottom drawer completely off its railing and the backing falling down bit by bit . So , even though the price is right , if I had to purchase a changing table all over again , I would not buy this piece . I 'd spend a little more and get a better quality item . However , I did purchase a Storkcraft stages crib and that item is still in wonderful shape ... so , maybe it was just a fluke that the combo dresser/changing table did n't work out so well ? Who knows ! Good luck with your decision !
 On April 10th I placed an order for the deborah crib -LRB- cognac -RRB- and the beatrice chaning combo -LRB- cognac -RRB- . Babies R Us had the delievery time listed as 1-2 weeks . I received my crib within that 2 week time frame but the combo tower was a whole different story . For 7 weeks after the crib arrived I hounded Babies R Us and Amazon to find out when my chaning table was coming . They kept telling me it was on back order and give it until June 11 -LRB- 2 MONTHS after my original order date -RRB- . When June 11 finally rolled around I emailed them again and they first told me it was still on back order and then not but 3 hours later they told me it was discontinued !!!! I was devestated ... and only had 7 weeks left until our baby came . My husband and I feversihly went to the Babies R US store to see if we could find something else ... no luck ... everything was outrageous in price . Finally we went to Burlington Coat Factory and found the exact changing table that I order from BAbies R Us -LRB- that they said was discontinued -RRB- . I was then thrilled due to Burlington.I rated this item a 2 because after we did buy it at Burlington and put it together it was a great dresser/changing table . It took my husband and I about an hour and a half to put together . Also , Babies R Us/Amazon did refund some of my shipping and handling from my crib because they did take so long . I was still upset because they had not contacted me sooner.I recommend this piece of furniture but just do n't order it online from Babies R US/Amazon !
 This showed up in a damaged box.Parts were damaged.The screws for the draw slides were too small.There were a couple of missing screws also.I do n't recommend this product.I suggest buying a pre-built real piece of furniture...-Mario
 I ordered the changing table combo tower along with the other matching furniture pieces . When I received the combo tower , it was poorly packed . After opening and pulling out a few pieces , my husband and I discovered that there were several damaged pieces . I called customer service at Storkraft and they were nice but they stated that I would do better by returning it to the store I purchased it from or I could wait 3-4 weeks before they could send the replacement parts for those that were damaged . On top of that , the CSR stated that the new parts sent may not match . So my husband and I are furious . We spent well over $ 1000 on our nursery furniture and have to send the first piece we received back . We have since then cancelled the rest of our order .
 Really , just terrible . Pieces damaged in the box , and obviously not as a result of shipping , given the careful packaging . Just shoddy manufacturing and careless quality control . I could n't even get all the parts out the box without filing for a refund , there were so many damaged pieces .
 I bought this piece from Stork Craft while awaiting my newborn baby . The first one they shipped was the wrong style and color . So I had to wait two more weeks to get this product that when we put it together cracked and split at almost every screw hole . The funny thing is , is that we have the matching crib that is built beautifully and sturdy . This Changing table/dresser is not .
 I would NEVER buy any furniture from this store again . I bought an identical dresser from the store -LRB- at $ 100 more I might add ! -RRB- . It was delivered damaged -LRB- corner edge was crushed -RRB- . The door does not stay closed , and the back popped off in a matter of 2 weeks . I always thought my friends were crazy for looking through furniture stores but at least they are getting quality for just a little more money !!
 The finish on this is not as pictured online . Think yellow-hue with grayish grain . Also , has knots that stained almost black and stick out . From a distance , it looks like someone took a black marker to the thing . More importantly , this does not match -LRB- AT ALL ! -RRB- the natural finish crib I have that is also made by Storkcraft !
 We got this dresser for my daughter along with the 4 piece dresser . Once assembling , we noticed some damage . Some of the damage looked like it was done before the finish , but they put the finish over it . It other parts where it was damaged , it was n't where it was noticeable once assembled . It also scratches very easily.Overall , it is functional and looks nice .
 First off putting this together was a nightmare . None of the pieces were labeled and all of the hardware was in one big bag so I had to do everything from the pictures . Second , a bunch of the holes did n't line up and one of the drawers is n't flush on the inside . The same drawer wobbles when you pull it out and the top one catches and you have to yank it to get it out . The cabinet on the side the shelves wobble and there is no catch for the door the shelves actually stop the door . I did n't order this from Amazon and I got the dresser/hutch combo for 300 some odd dollars and I wish I had not gone with this brand . It is all particle board with a wood veneer . That being said it works like crap but at least it looks good sitting there .
 It took my wife and I almost 2.5 hours to set this thing up . As we were setting up , I was in disbelief about what poor quality and outrageous instructions . After setting the thing up , I contacted Amazon.com Customer Support to complain about this poor product and was able to get a refund . De-constructing , re-packaging , and moving around the 100 + lbs . box was NOT easy . Here 's a list of complaints my wife made after setting the dresser up : - Drawer tracks do n't line up , so the drawers are crooked-Can ' t pull drawers in and out without getting stuck at various points , very loose and jiggle and then jam-Bottom of one drawer is cracked-The sides of the drawers cracked as we screwed in the tracks . They started cracking immediately , but we did n't have any other way to attach the tracks.-Screw holes are uneven for one door bracket - need to keep the brace extended to the max in order for it to be almost straight-Wood in between drawers and door cracked when screwing in large bottom screw . It started cracking at only half way screwed in and then got worse as we finished-Several screws made the wood crack when screwing in the back -LRB- this also started around half way - we did not over-tighten -RRB- . The cracks are visible from the inside.I am VERY disappointed that Amazon.com is selling this ... My advice , go buy a more quality piece of furniture to use as a baby dresser.Amazon - please listen to all the customer reviews and take this offline.http : / / www.amazon.com/review/create-reviewSide note
 I ordered this product not expecting much at all and was even less impressed when it arrived . Ikea has better furniture than this.Just to make it clear , there is NO wood parts in this furniture , it is all pressed wood except for one support beam in the back . The wood feels flimsy and scratches very easy . There will be a dent if you put something heavy on top of it . I am a very handy person and it took me over 4 hours to put it together . The way the item is arranged is very disorganized and they need to learn from Ikea because I can put together Ikea Furniture in about an hour.IMHO , I would pass on this . I know the price is good and it looks decent in the picture but you can find something better . I am going to keep it only because I spent so long putting it together that I don &#8217; t want to waste another 5 hours taking it apart .
 We bought this item a month ago and we waited to put it together , and we were certainly disappointed . You must be very careful putting this thing together since it is mostly particle board with fiber board drawer bottoms and backing . It has a screw and cam assembly mechanism , which makes it easy to put together but the cams are not high quality and can be warped if you turn them too far . The nicest part of the pieces is the solid pine tops and drawer fronts , but if you have worked with pine , you probably know it is not the best wood , although the finish is nice . So be careful putting the drawer pulls on , if you 're using a drill low torque and go slow or yours will end up like ours - loose and very wobbly . The last complaint is the missing piece - and an important one at that . -LRB- We were missing the front cross brace . -RRB- If you are looking for a low budget table for the short term and do n't care about quality then this table might be for you ... . for us though had we not trashed the box before assembly - this would have been returned .
 I will not buy another Storkcraft item . There customer service department is extremely poor . We have been waiting for a replacement part for weeks . I called after the 3 week waiting period had passed and was told by a representative that she did not know when the part would ship . I asked to speak to the supervisor , the representative transferred me to his voice mail . He was not in , but she did not offer that information to me . I called back and asked not be be transferred to his voicemail , it was another representative that told me he was not in . Why could n't the first rep I spoke to tell me that . I spent a total of 25 minutes on hold in placing just two calls . I am now in the process of emailing the company and calling the supervior on a daily basis until I get some satisfaction .
 This is a nice looking dresser , however I would not recommend it . Some of the hardware was missing , screw holes in the wood were either misplaced , too small , or not there at all . It took a while to put together as wooden pieces did not appear as displayed on directions .
 We purchased this , assembled it , and within months hardware started popping off . Within a year , the drawers started falling apart . We ordered it hoping to shift it from a changing table to a dresser when our son got older , but it has not even lasted for a changing table . We are looking for a replacement and this one will be going in the trash , as it is not even repairable . We are so frustrated and disappointed , as we thought we were buying something of decent quality , and it has just been a hassle .
 The chest itself is a beautiful piece of furniture for any nursery , however , I was so disappointed when i put the chest together , none of the drawers lined up , the pre-drilled holes for assembly werent in the right spots . The whole chest is crooked now . Very disappointed .
 I was so excited to get this dresser , however , in the long and complicated process of putting it together , we discovered that there were several essential pieces missing . Furthermore , some of the pieces do n't match the descriptions in the directions .
 First I want to say that I did not buy this item from Amazon . I bought it through Walmart , but I want people to know that it 's Storkcraft that is horrible not the dealers.This product comes in a million pieces . It 's one of those that does n't connect with real hardware . It 's all those IKEA type connections . Now reading all the other bad reviews I realize I should have just ordered something else . The box came in great condition . I started to put it together and realized that the first main piece -LRB- the side panel -RRB- was not there . It was so confusing because I had enough pieces so I tried putting it together backwards and ended up at a standstill because I was short that panel . Come to find out , they sent me two middle panels instead . Fine . Whatever . I called Storkcraft figuring they 'd send me the part right out since it 's their fault . NO . If you are in a hurry to finish your nursery do NOT buy this . Like me , you will run the risk of not being able to finish the room . They say it takes 2-3 wks for the piece , but it 's been 3 days and I have not even gotten a confirmation email from them which I was supposed to get 2 days ago . I have a feeling this is going to be a mess and now I 'm 34 wks pregnant and my baby 's room is a disaster . Do I really have to pile all of that back into the box and return it ? all because Storkcraft is very incompentent and they obviously do n't care about their customers . Why would they if Walmart , Amazon , or Babies R Us continue to buy them because they are cheaper ? Bottom line ... DO N'T BUY STORKCRAFT !!!!
 Very unhappy with this product . Like another reviewer stated the dresser cracked at almost every screw hole . We had to make our own holes to affix the door as the holes were in the wrong spot by several inches.A year later its falling apart , the front constantly falls off the drawers and the knobs keep falling off too.We too have a matching crib -LRB- Ariel -RRB- and its built wonderfully and was cheaper than these drawers!Buy something else !
 The color is just what I wanted however , the changing table part is quite small . The changing pad hangs over about an inch . The drawers are anything but smooth and were a headache to put together , they keep getting stuck . The drawers are also very small . The instructions were a bit confusing and some of the pictures were incorrect . I am just crossing my fingers that this piece of furniture will last at least a year . The smell is quite bad , thankfully the baby has not arrived yet and we can ventilate her room . If it had not been such a pain to assemble it would be going back .
 I 'm not a complainer , but this thing was really a piece of ... junk . It arrived damaged . Amazon would n't take it back but they gave me $ 40 off . It took my husband a looonngg time to assemble , and he 's a whiz at stuff like that -LRB- Ikea furniture , etc. -RRB- . I 'm just disappointed every time I look at it - save yourself the $ and trouble and buy something else .
 The description says `` solid wood/wood products '' - but it 's mainly `` wood products '' AKA particle board . It smells and needed time to off-gas , not exactly what I was hoping for in a baby 's room . There were several dings in the wood finish when we received it and several more created in assembly , despite using utmost care to try and put it together without damage . We were missing two parts for assembly as well , two drawer bottoms . My husband just want to Home Depot to buy something suitable since we did n't trust contacting this company for support since the claim about the product was n't entirely accurate . This wo n't be a long-lasting piece , that much is certain . It seems like it should have been worth about $ 100 off the shelf at a local big box store . We were disappointed .
 We ordered this product because it is so hard to find black nursery furniture that is a reasonable price . We planned to use this as a dresser and changing table . Basically you get what you pay for , this item is made of processed wood/particle board so it is not the best quality . I knew this before I ordered it so I 'm not giving it a bad review for that . My husband and I are not pleased with the dresser because it has a million pieces to it and the company put the wrong screws into the package . It is frustrating when you begin putting this dresser together only to discover part way through that they gave you the wrong screws . We tried to call the company but they were closed . Ultimately we can wait to get a hold of the company and I am sure they would send us the correct screws , but we do n't really have time to wait . It is just a hassle to not have all the parts you need for the item . So now we have to try to find screws that will fit from a local hardware store . If we can not find them we will have to wait for the company to send us the correct screws . I am sure the dresser will be sufficient once it is done but basically I am giving it a bad review because it is a hassle.UPDATE
 We ordered this product , that matching hutch , and crib . The crib was fine . This piece had scratches and dings as soon as we took it out of the box . Looked like someone else had sent it back and they tried to cover up the scratches and sent it right back out to the next customer . Where they had tried to fix it the color of the stain just flaked right off and looked horrible !! There was a phone number on the box that said no not return product to store for damaged parts just call us and we will ship just what you need . The phone number did not work and was impossible to reach the company -LRB- located in Canada -RRB- . So now we have to pay to ship the entire thing back to amazon wait for a refund and hope for better luck with the next one we order so it will match our crib . Still waiting on the hutch to ship was supposed to be here a week ago and item is not even on backorder ! Goodluck for you guys and hopefully I will get everything squared away before the baby gets here ! Next time I will def . just find something at a local store .
 Loved the way this dresser looked online , but when we recieved it , it 's color was a bit different . It had a `` pinkish '' hue in the color and looked like it was n't stained with a clear finish like my other furniture in `` natural '' finish . The directions were HORRIBLE and the top drawer was n't cut right and actually overlapped on one end ! We had to sand it down to make it even . I was really dissapointed as I was really looking forward to getting a nice dresser for my daughter . : -LRB-
 I previously purchased another one of these approx 2 - 2.5 years ago for my first child , and I did not really have any issues with it . We liked the function of it , so we decided to purchase another for our second child.I am no stranger to this type of furniture , I do n't expect perfection , and I do n't expect it to be the quality of a high dollar piece of solid wood furniture . However , for the price of $ 254.99 , I certainly expect much higher quality and standards of control than I received . I do not know if there was a change in the process somewhere along the line between my previous tower and this one , but I would not have purchased it again if I dealt with these issues with the first table . I feel that there has been a failure somewhere , whether it be in the manufacturing process , or , quality control.To list the issues I encountered :1 . -LRB- 4 -RRB- of the -LRB- 7 -RRB- knobs are stripped out . They were not over-tightened . Two of them slid up and down the screws without even engaging the threads . I now have to spend additional money just to have knobs that do n't pull off .2 . The hinge bracket that attaches to the unit itself , the holes are entirely too small to accommodate the screws . The screws had to fight each other , and the bracket , to get screwed in to the unit . Such a tight fit , that it can not be adjusted , and the door is stuck at whatever height they were screwed in at , even though they were left ` loose ' for adjustment . Push too hard , and the screws will rip right out of the side of the wall frame .3 . The -LRB- 4 -RRB- L-shaped brackets did not come close to lining up to the pre-drilled holes . I really should not need to be drilling all new holes in order to attach these brackets .4 . The long screw that goes through the front toe-kick into the divider , immediately split the divider when the screw entered it , leaving a ~ 2 '' crack going up it . Similarly , the feet are also cracked where the pads are attached to the bottom .5 . The holes for the drawer slide brackets are also off . A couple of the screws had to go in at an angle to reach the hole ; and I 'm pretty sure one of the holes was actually drilled at an angle . A couple of them also felt like they were starting to strip before they were even seated against the rail . I understand that this material is soft , and can not be over-tightened . These were not even tightened before they started to pull .6 . Either the holes , or screwing edges for the rear panel are too close to the edge , resulting in at least 3 places where the screw popped through the finished surface taking a chunk out with it ; and in the side with the shelves , they caused bulging and cracks in every place a screw was inserted .7 . Cosmetically , the fit leaves a bit of room to be desired . There is a rather large gap -LRB- ~ 1/8 '' -RRB- between the horizontal bottom/base of the unit and the front lower horizontal support . Cosmetic , but details.While the tower is not going to fall to pieces standing in the bedroom , I ca n't help but feel slighted with this purchase . I can not trust how long these drawers will last before the screws pull through , or how long the door hinges will last before they pull off frame because of the screws/holes . And , just having the large crack running right up the middle of it .
 My wife and I ordered this combo changing tower along with the matching crib and armoire , and we were EXTREMELY unsatisfied with ALL 3 ! All 3 pieces came with parts broken , and this changing tower came without a single fastener in the entire box . We returned the armoire and changing tower to try again , but when we got the second shipment in , we had the exact same problem again . The crib had enough pieces in tact that we were able to only order replacement parts . However , the replacement parts also came broken . In 6 attempts to ship us furniture , Storkcraft failed miserably all 6 times .
 I purchased this item on line . It appeared to be a nice product . I love the color and it gets a lot of compliments from on lookers . The main issue with this product is that the drawer holders come already attached to the interior of this unit . They were all hung incorrectly at the factory . I had to get a drill , measure each and every drawer for proper alignment and re install the factory attachments . It took over 2 hours to complete . Once I put items in the drawer -LRB- added some weight -RRB- , the alignment is still a bit off . The same is true for the matching 4 drawer chest too.Also , the items purchased came in with scratches and dents from the factory . The shipping boxes were not really that damaged and items were packaged well with a lot of Styrofoam . Luckily , the damaged areas are not that visible due to the location the items were placed in my baby 's room . I also had some pens to match the paint color , as these items are the exact same color as my kitchen cabinets.Would I purchase this item again ? No . Pay a little more and get a better product .
 My mother inlaw bought this dresser for us as a gift for her first grandson . As most parents can imagine knowing your going to be a first time mom , can be a very very exciting feeling.When we recieved our dresser , we did not open it right away . Once we decided to get the nursery together and my husband opened the box , to our surprise the right side panel was completely split in half.We called stork craft and reordered the part . The representative advised us that the part will take 2 weeks before it can be shipped to us . My husband and I wait a little more than 2 weeks and still no right side panel . I then called again and the same representative stated that it will take another 2-3 weeks before the package can be shipped.That same day I called Amazon and before the week was over we had a brand new dresser delivered to our house . Til this very day we are still waiting for the right side panel.My suggestion - Please read every review before purchasing any items rom fSTORK CRAFT ... . There furniture and customer service is not reliable . OUR BABIES DESERVE BETTER ... . DON `` T YOU THINK !
 My mother in law purchased this item for me as a shower gift in July . In September we were notified that we would not be receiving it . Not only did it take two months to receive notification , my attempts to contact the manufacturer -LRB- Storkcraft -RRB- went no where . The worst part is that I had orded the hutch to go along with it , which is now sitting in my hallway in the hopes I will find another unit for it to fit . We received no explaination as to why this item was no longer available , and I am now weeks away from having my baby and have to shop for something else . I would advise everyone to avoid buying anything from Storkcraft .
 I purchased the Beatrice combo tower , as well as the Beatrice hutch . The hutch surprisingly enough was in great shape , but the combo tower is another story . I purchased these two items the first week in February , allowing plenty of time for delivery and set-up , or so I thought . First off , you 've never seen such poor quality in a piece of furniture that costs as much as these two . There were chips , scratches , and no paint , on certain pieces . The right side panel , which is a neccessity for this piece was completely cracked in half , leaving it useless . I contacted storkcraft about the matter , and they asured me that the replacement parts were on the way . I 'm still waiting ... after a month . I called them and they had not even sent the replacement piece out to me . My daughter is due anytime , and I have no confidence that I will have a nice piece of furniture awaiting her arrival .
 I ordered this product over 2 months ago and I am still waiting for a replacement piece to the dresser !!!! I decided to order the dresser from babyage instead of babies r us to save on shipping , unfortunately the first time we received the dresser there were 7 broken pieces !!! After sending the dresser completly back another 3 weeks later we recieved the next dresser which once again had broken pieces , this time after getting no kind of customer service help from babyage I had to wait 2 weeks just to get a request on the part being shipped out !!! It 's been weeks and I still hav n't recieved the part , so the dresser has been sitting in my babies room in pieces for months and I 'm due in a week in a half !!! You would think for all the money you 're spending on a little baby dresser Storkcraft could pack their boxes a little better !
 Started putting this together and pieces were missing . Call their replacement line to get someone that has no clue what english is , but finally got him to send the pieces to me . Finally got it put together and thaught `` hey this looks nice '' but went to push it into place and back corner leg broke completly off . I have always hated anything made from partical board , now I am reminded why . This is complete carbage , and only good for fire wood .
 I purchased this changing table for our first baby over the winter . At first the unit worked well , however , now that our baby is here and almost 7 weeks old it has already started to fall apart . Both of the faces on the bottom two drawers have fallen off and we do n't even use them often , -LRB- I have only stored clothes that are too big in them -RRB- . With a newborn baby , faulty furniture is the last thing my husband and I want to deal with .
 While the dresser looks nice once it is put together , I was not impressed with the quality of craftsmanship . The dresser is particle board with a very thin wood topping ; it cracks and falls apart when things are screwed together . The finish had splotches that were not painted and some areas were noticeably darker than others . I 'm a little worried the dressed wo n't hold up for long and it definitely wont hold up if it ever needs to be moved from this house . Overall , my husband and I thought it was a cheaply made furniture with an over inflated price . I guess that 's what we get for trying to buy a dresser that was a little less money than others .
 We shopped around and got this piece for a great price , figuring it might last a while -- I have just finished assembling it , and I can say it 's the junkiest piece of furniture we own -LRB- which includes entries assembled from IKEA , Target , and Overstock , among others -RRB- - screws are misaligned , holes were drilled wrong , and the wood is total junk -LRB- basically particleboard -RRB- ; I 'd be shocked if it lasts a year , but even if it does , it will have issues with drawers being misaligned , and the `` wood '' scratching constantly at the slightest provocation.Bottom line
 When this piece of furniture arrived , all of the holes cut for the screws were much too big , so when we tried to put it together , it just kept falling apart . We were too far along in the process to be able to return it , but thankfully it was only $ 169 - do yourself a favor , and do n't waste your money ! Spend a little more to get a piece of furniture that 's better quality , easier to assemble , and safer for your child . Even if we do manage to get this thing put together , I 'm very nervous about putting my child on it - it does n't feel sturdy or safe at all ! > : -LRB-
 I bought my crib and tower/hutch oak combo in February of 2006 . I did n't open the boxes until March , because the nursery was not finished . When the boxes were opened , we found that the crib had many dents and scratches . The crib was well packed , so I do not believe it was from being shipped . The tower/hutch was very damaged , again packed very well in the boxes with no damage to the boxes , and I needed to have parts replaced . I did n't receive my replacement parts until 2 MONTHS LATER ! I called their customer service line multiple times asking when my replacement parts will arrive . I was told it would take 2-3 weeks , then they were on back order and it would take another 2 weeks , I called to get a tracking number which I was never called back for , then it would arrive on a Friday -LRB- which it did n't -RRB- , and so on . I finally got what I needed after having to contact a manager at Storkcraft . They sent what I needed the VERY NEXT DAY , by next-day shipping ! I believe I have been very patient with this company and I do n't feel that you should have to contact a manager to get what you need . The quality is n't what I expected either . If you decide to buy from Storkcraft , make sure you open the boxes immediately , have enough time for replacement parts , and be VERY persistent with their customer service . I will never buy a Storkcraft item again , because of this experience .
 I ordered this online and got the pieces in the mail . 3 pieces were damaged so we called the manufacturer for replacements . They said it would take 2 to 3 weeks . Its been 3 weeks , when I called again they said it would take another 2 weeks . How hard is it to get replacements ?? My baby is due anytime now and the changing table is still in pieces . Would like to get the nursery done , preferrably before my child goes to college . We purposely ordered it early to give us time , but apparently that wasnt enough . I tell you its very frustrating and so not worth it .
 Well , they say that you get what you pay for . That would be true if you can find this on sale for $ 50 of less ! If you are used to particle board furniture , this will suit you fine . If you have higher standards , spend more and avoid this . Some of the pieces cracked as screws went into the pre-drilled holes in the particle board . Several pieces arrived damaged . We had to request 3 replacement parts from the manufacturer and are still not happy with it , but now it is assembled and impossible to ship back so we are stuck with it . If you do buy this and get it assembled , try not to move it around too much , as it may fall apart . Also , the drawers are very shallow . Do n't expect to store much in this . It did arrive promptly , but the shipper and Target would have done me a favor if they had lost it instead of delivering it !
 I bought the red gingham bumper , bedskirt and sheet . They just arrived today and I was so disappointed ! The red is kind of a orangey light red and the fabric looks very cheap and loosely woven . This is not the quality I wanted for my baby 's crib .
 I bought this pad to save myself the hassle of making one . The construction is not the greatest nor the fabric . I washed the pad , per the instructions , and it came out pilly and in some places unravelled . I 've taked a sweater shaver to the whole thing to get the rough fuzz balls off . I would n't waste your time and money on this product .
 I just got this a few days ago and now that I 'm home I 'm very disappointed . The bumper is just one piece , not a four piece bumper as I thought it would be ... the one that I have on my daughter 's crib is a four separate piece bumper and we could put it very easily , but we wanted another one so we could use it above the one we already have -LRB- our 9 months old daughter is moving and playing a lot , and we did n't want her to bump her head against the upper part of the crib -RRB- . This particular bumper is so much harder to put up . My husband took quite a while and it still does n't stay put as it should . We had to attach an additional string until I can take it and have it fixed somewhere . We live in Ecuador , so I will have to manage with what I have or it would take forever to return it and get a new one . Would n't recommend it , really .
 This bumper feels soft and looks beautiful . The green color is very delicate -LRB- lighter than it looks in the picture -RRB- ; unfortunately the bumper they sent me was missing several strings : - -LRB-
 I purchased this for use in a large SUV . We have a Britax carseat and this carseat protector is not long enough to cover the seat from top to bottom . I also expected it to be thicker . We use the latch system and it pushes the carseat hard into the leather . I am not happy with it at all for our application . Although , I have been searching and have yet to find another product on the market that seems large enough or tougher / thicker !
 I have a new car and wanted to protect the seats . Found these , they looked great but do n't fit properly on the seat , they 're not as big as shown in the picture , they do n't stay up as shown in the picture . I should return but am too busy to hassle with it so I just try and make them work , but I truly should take the time to return them .
 I ordered this thinking it was the one I got for our other car which was from Sunshine Kids . The products look almost identical , but the sunshine kids is longer and covers more seat area for the big car seats . Also , the material is thicker and quality of protection is superior . Wish I had n't tossed the box for this one or I would return it . The Kiddopotamus is OK , but in comparison it is just not as good .
 The mat looks really nice , but it was not tall enough to cover the upper part of the toddler car seat from digging into my SUV 's leather seat . The Sunshine Kids Ultra Mat worked much better , and completely protects the seat .
 I give it one star because this is really just a covering mat . It does n't protect leather seats from indentations because it is too flimsy and not thick enough to distribute the pressure from a car seat . I do n't understand why some people give it three stars while writing that they 've experienced the same issue as I have . If it does n't proect then it should n't get an average star rating .
 This is a good quality merchandise but after installing it in my new car I noticed that the product is a lot shorter than the top of my seat . The car seat I have has a large piece that goes across the top to secure it to the car . This cross bar was just above the top of the protector so I had to place a small towel in between the seat and my car to help protect the leather.The picture is very misleading , but overall still a good piece of equipment .
 Motor is too noisy when the light is on .
 This crib toy has several nice features and options , but it goes through batteries like crazy . We need to replace the batteries every two or three days . I do n't know if we got a defective item , or if they are all like that . I have emailed the company , but have not yet received a reply .
 I bought this for my little girl , she loved it . Unfortunately , the batteries only lasted 2 days the first time . I thought I would give it another shot , and put fresh batteries in . They lasted 10 days . I was really disappointed , because it seems like such a great toy and helped her fall asleep . I am going to try something else .
 This looked very attractive toy to me and I could n't wait to buy but ... the dreamscapes soother has not been attractive enough for my 3 month-old . Being a toy for the crib , it does not have enough distance for little eyes to notice the moving object so clearly , only thing he enjoyed was the one and only sung poetry `` Twinkle twinkle '' , the rest was different music . The story was good but with the dying batteries the same scenes kept repeating . . Requires bulky batteries which wont last for more than a week.Also after a few months we had to remove this as it kept hurting him since he started to move around in the crib .
 I was given this toy at my baby shower by a relative with young children . I assumed her kids liked this toy and that 's why she 'd given us one -LRB- I had n't requested it on our registry -RRB- . Unfortunately , our baby has never been interested in this toy . I 'm rather surprised because her Leap Frog Learning Seat is one of her absolute favorite things . However , I can understand why she 's not interested in the Dreamscapes Soother . Personally , I do n't find that there 's much to look at - the flat lighted pictures that spin around are nothing compared to the three-dimensional , moving fish and real bubbles in the Ocean Wonders Aquarium -LRB- my daughter 's very favorite crib toy -RRB- . Moreover , the sound of the pictures moving is VERY loud . When we first used this toy -LRB- at night -RRB- , my husband and I wondered if it was broken - that 's how loud and grating the sound was . We figured out , however , that it 's simply the noise of the pictures turning . Unfortunately , to cover up that horrible noise , we found we had to turn the volume up way too loud for sleeping purposes . Overall , I wish I 'd kept the box because I am so dissatisfied with this toy that I would return it if I could .
 I do not know why so many people give it a 5 star . I 've been using the soother for almost a year now . It was ok at the beginning , but when she can turn it on an off , it drains out the battery too often . We end up changing battery almost every week - not only wasting money but also causing us trouble . My daughter is so attach to it and got annoyed when battery is running out . We have to rush to change the battery and put her back to sleep . Drama happens every few days and it 's driving us crazy.If I know what 's going to happen , I would choose a simpler sleeping assistent toy for her .
 This is a big waste of money . I bought this to help soothe my little one to sleep but he would put his fingers up to touch the light and kept on turning it off . The play switch is right at the bottom . It also uses up quite a bit of batteries . Do n't bother buying this item !
 The idea is nice , but it drained a fresh batch of batteries within a couple of days and not that much use . Features were not that great either . Totally not worth it in my opinion . Very dissapointed.I have tried other products by LeapFrog and have been very impressed by them , not sure what happened here .
 We love LeapFrog products and thought we could n't go wrong with this crib toy ... however the image quality of the scrolling pictures is murky at best , not at all vibrant or appealing . We returned and opted for the Fisher Price Flutterby .
 I got this at my baby shower and although it was n't the one I registered for , I was happy to have a Leap Frog product since I assumed the quality would be there.I have been rather disapointed in this . Although it went on the crib easily , taking it off is something my smaller hands have never acheived and my husband has always had to do it since I ca n't press in both things at the same time without using both hands.This wouldn ' y have been a big deal IF it did n't wear out its batteries every 3 weeks it seems . More when she was actually using it often . While the story is cute and not shrill and in a pleasing female voice , when the batteries go low at 3AM it sounds more like the Steven King dreamscape sootherLast time we lowered the crib matress we just did n't put it back in and my daughter sleeps fine with a little stuffed animal instead.Also another complaint there are 2 battery comparetments I do n't know if they are both used all the time of if one is light and one volumn becasue they are n't labeled , so each time I had to change batteries that was -2 - compartments to fight with instead of just one.It has taken a beating without any bad results though so it seems like a sturdy little thing
 I am a faithful Leap Frog buyer . I own and love all of their products ... except this one . We brought the first one home and after one day the thing must have shorted out or something because it would drain brand new batteries in a matter of minutes . So that was returned and on the second one we brought home , the screen stopped moving after two days . This toy was not getting strenuous or unusual use , it was strapped to the crib , so I can not explain the malfunctions . I do know I returned it and got the trusty aquarium one I had with my first two children . I am extremely disappointed as I have never experienced any trouble with any other Leap Frog product . Hopefully they will work out the quirks and bring us yet another wonderful toy in the near future .
 This is n't for all babies . My baby loves to watch TV so I was hoping that this would keep his interest and lull him to sleep while he was in the crib . The first time I turned it on he screamed and cried . He was terrified ! I tried holding him while he got used to it , but he just hates it . Some babies may not mind , but I think the the voice is pretty scary . The lights dim and it has good volume control , but the quality of the picture is not what I expected from Leap Frog . Buy with caution .
 i bought this thinking it would be so great . First of all it did not fit on the end of the crib so we had to put it on the back side and at the time we still had the matress up high , we thought that would work until in the middle of the night my baby rolled into it and turned it on ! uhggggg what a nightmare . It woke me and both babies up -LRB- dad slept thought it all of course -RRB- . So the next day I took it out of the crib and put it away . Now the boys are 11 months old and the matress is lowered so I put it up again . My other baby has the aquarium one in his crib and has a blast with it in the mornings and my other baby just stares at him because his toy is out of batteries . Also the aquarium one has little buttons that they can play with and the soother doesnt . So even when the other one is out of batteries it can still be played with .
 Not worth the money . There was nothing soothing about it . Plus , it 's a royal pain put it together and get it on and off the crib.If you want something great , buy the First Years CD player that clips on the crib . It has a dim light that you can put on at night . We put in James Taylor Greatest Hits and she 's a new baby ! We finally got her to fall asleep in her crib -LRB- after 8 months -RRB- , and we owe it all to the CD player and some wonderful , soothing music .
 The light on this is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too bright . There is no way to adjust the light . The music sounds funny . The woman signing has a scarey voice . I returned this item immediately . It is not worth the money at all . I 've told people at stores that I 've seen with this item to not bother .
 I have several other Leapfrog items and love them , but this one had to go back . The music selection is good , but the quality is n't there . My biggest complaint is that every time you turn it on , the light comes on and starts the `` slideshow '' which is run by a very noisy motor . You can turn off the slideshow once it 's on , but it 's still enough noise to startle my sleepy baby . My older child had a crib toy that also had a motor such as this for another purpose , but was nowhere near as loud . This proved to be too much of a distraction for me and my child , so we are now off to find a new crib toy/soother .
 We have the Leap Frog Discovery Ball and Baby Tad . Our little guy loves both of them . The Baby Tad nighttime sequence with the blinking lights and music is pretty good unfortunately 6 minutes it is too short . I thought that the Dreamscapes Soother would be of the same quality but it is NOT . The sound is of poor quality . The light does not dim as the instructions state . The brightness is too much of a distraction for baby to fall asleep .
 I thought that since I was buying a Leap Frog item that I would be happy , boy was I wrong ! My son sleeps on his tummy , so that could be a reason for my displeasure of the toy ; but the main things that I do n't like it is the knob to turn the toy on , and also the overall size of it . It 's so bulky that if my son moves to close to the bumper he could hurt his head . It 's defintely a battery drainer ! And the sound does n't go up high enough . I was going to buy the fisher price aquarium sounds but instead I went with the dreamscapes soother , BIG MISTAKE !
 Overall , the Dreamscapes soother is wonderful in terms of the music/lullabies , etc. . BUT , I find myself changing batteries once a week ! The unit takes 4 C batteris which need to be replaced constantly . My daughter naps twice a day ; I turn the unit on three times a day -LRB- before her nap and before bedtime -RRB- . That 's all , and enough for the unit to drain the batteries in a week ! Another reviewer complained of the unit 's positioning potentially hurting the baby . This is true . If the baby can sit up he/she can knock his/her head with the bottom edge.All in all , I wish I had purchased something else primarily b/c now my daugher loves the fables , music , and the little figures scrolling on the screen but I am stuck buying batteries and unscrewing the unit once a week !
 I bought the red gingham bumper , bedskirt and sheet . They just arrived today and I was so disappointed ! The red is kind of a orangey light red and the fabric looks very cheap and loosely woven . This is not the quality I wanted for my baby 's crib .
 I bought this pad to save myself the hassle of making one . The construction is not the greatest nor the fabric . I washed the pad , per the instructions , and it came out pilly and in some places unravelled . I 've taked a sweater shaver to the whole thing to get the rough fuzz balls off . I would n't waste your time and money on this product .
 I just got this a few days ago and now that I 'm home I 'm very disappointed . The bumper is just one piece , not a four piece bumper as I thought it would be ... the one that I have on my daughter 's crib is a four separate piece bumper and we could put it very easily , but we wanted another one so we could use it above the one we already have -LRB- our 9 months old daughter is moving and playing a lot , and we did n't want her to bump her head against the upper part of the crib -RRB- . This particular bumper is so much harder to put up . My husband took quite a while and it still does n't stay put as it should . We had to attach an additional string until I can take it and have it fixed somewhere . We live in Ecuador , so I will have to manage with what I have or it would take forever to return it and get a new one . Would n't recommend it , really .
 This bumper feels soft and looks beautiful . The green color is very delicate -LRB- lighter than it looks in the picture -RRB- ; unfortunately the bumper they sent me was missing several strings : - -LRB-
 I agree with the other review that this is very flexible plastic and not as sturdy as expected . I also found that it needed to be a little bit longer . Because they are n't very long , we have a problem latching it on our rounded cabinet hardware . I would n't recommend this product . It does the job though , just not sufficiently .
 This latch was completely useless on my cabinets . The handles went completely through , and the plastic itself is flimsy enough for a strong toddler to break it anyway -LRB- even if it fit -RRB- . It 's not worth returning it and paying for shipping , so I ended up throwing this out . Too bad - great idea , horrible execution .
 Good in theory but these are not good for all knobs . They were too big for all but oversized knobs in one bathroom . Waste of money for us .
