 As others have said this bottle warmer is very inconsistent . Even when using the same amount of water it is impossible to know from one time to the next what the temperature of your bottle will be . This is not great when you are trying to get the bottle to your screaming baby as quickly as possible at 3AM . Steer clear !
 I got this bottle warmer as a shower gift . It is impossible to determine the correct amount of water so that the bottle is heated properly . The main problem I 've had with it is that it over heats the bottle itself making it difficult to pick up and hold . However , the formula inside the bottle would still be cold . Once the warmer finishs , it must sit for AT LEAST 10 minutes before you can use it again . Not convenient considering it does n't heat the bottle fully the first time . I 've found it easier to keep a pot of water on the stove and just turn on the burner when I need to heat a bottle
 I used this warmer for the first month of having my son . I found it to be really inconvenient . It would either get tooooooooo HOT or would n't warm the bottle enough . When you have a hungry , screaming baby at 3 a.m. you want something that is convenient and this warmer is not . I took it to sell at consignment last week . I hope the next person to buy it has better luck with it than I did !
 As many other reviews have said this bottle warmer is totally inconsistent . There is a fill line but it does n't really matter . It heats differently every time . We have only been using it for 3 months and I think it broke this week . I left it unattended and it never turned off so the formula started boiling and I wasted 5 ounces of formula . Also , I do n't know if it 's the bottles we are using or the warmer but something is causing our bottles to leak all over the warmer and we have this terrible soy formula burning smell throughout our house . I think it 's the warmer doing it because when we warm the bottles in a pan on the stove we do n't have a problem with the bottles leaking . It has become much easier just to warm bottles the old fashioned way on the stove since this warmer is so unreliable .
 We were generally happy with this product , until it stopped working . You have to use it with distilled water , not tap , otherwise you have to clean it daily with vinegar because of the mineral build-up . This morning , it just stopped working . After just 8 months of use , a few months before we would have otherwise retired it . We are frustrated as we are so close to weaning off the bottle that we do n't want to buy another bottle warmer & certainly would n't buy this one again . It is very compact .
 This products mechanism is so disappointing and poor . It is basically an electric water heater and when the water boils and lets of steam , the steam warms the milk , whicch is an okay idea , if the quality of the heater was better and it did n't take so long . The heating is uneven and did I mentions takes a very long . Easier to fill a bowl with warm water fronm the tap and put the bottle in it ... easier and faster
 This warmer frequently oveheated bottles to the point at which they were steaming and could have seriously burned baby . Then had to listen to baby scream while another one heated up , which seemed to take forever . We finally figured out it is WAY WAY easier to fill a bunch of clean bottles with the right amount of formula powder and just add room-temperature water . Wish I had n't wasted my money .
 I brought this gift for my son and his wife ; their daughter was born on 2/21/07 . when I questioned them as to why they had not used the bottle warmer , they just did n't get around to using it . I insisted they read the directions and start using it . the next day , my son stated . wow mom this is the best baby shower gift . they could not believe how fast the bottle warmer worked . how much timed it saved them as new parents , and the milk was heated at just the right temperature each time . my son was so thankful , that I insisted he use the product .
 I read the mixed reviews on this item before running out and purchasing it for our week old baby . I should have listened to the negative reviews . After warming a bottle for 5 minutes the formula was never really warm . It just took the chill off and that was after filling it all the way to the Max water level . Also , the bottom of the bottle would be soaked from the steam . If you use a VentAir bottle like I do , the water really gets into the bottom crevices of the bottle . I discovered that I can come downstairs and heat a bottle in the microwave and get back upstairs in less time than it took to use the bottle warmer . -LRB- I know all the books and formula containers say not to use the microwave , but if you stir it really well with a spoon you do not have to worry about hot spots in the formula . -RRB- I did recently try it with baby food out of curiosity to see if it warmed any better and I have to say that it did . The food was nice and toasty warm . It still took longer than the microwave , however , and you could only warm one jar at a time .
 I bought this warmer because it was the better priced one . However , it only worked a few times . When it did work , it was n't very well at that . I returned it for a more expensive warmer and and it works great ! Spend the few extra $ $ $ for the better warmer . You do n't want to get stuck at 2 a.m. with a warmer that does n't work !
 I still use this product , but I seldom add the rightamount of water to get the desired temperature . I usuallyend up over-heating milk then have to wait for it to cool.i wish I had shopped around for this product .
 I recieved this warmer as gift and I hate it . It over heats my Avent botles and under heats my disposables . You have to stand there and keep checking the temp of the bottle even after using the suggested amount of water , it 's just not consistant . Be careful removing the bottle my Avent bottles get so hot I have burnt my hand several times . I will be tring the Avent warmer instead .
 We purchased this warmer to reheat breastmilk and ready to feed formula . The temperature was very inconsistent , sometimes too warm , sometimes barely warm at all . It also continues to heat even after the warmer shuts off . If you are n't there to immediately remove the bottle it overheats . Of all my many purchases for our first baby I was most dissapointed in this unit .
 This bottle warmer broke after the first week . It takes FOREVER to warm the bottles and then it does n't even warm them . I 'm trying to get a refund right now . Also , the opening is too small for the newer bottles -LRB- TippeTommy , comotomo , etc -RRB- .
 This is a waste of money . It worked for the first week my newborn came home ... and not again . It heats QUICKLY enough when it works , but you have to heat it a second time because it does n't heat it WARM enough . You have to wait for it to cool down , though , in order to heat it again , and by this time your baby is blue in the face from screaming for its bottle ! We 've found it much faster and easier to just fill a bottle with warm water , add the powdered formula , and feed the baby . -LRB- Jar food and what not can be heated on the stove or in the microwave . -RRB- We tossed this in the trash -- did n't see the need to bother returning it and getting our money back or another in its place .
 If you do n't get the water level right you end up with a to cold or warm of a bottle . If it 's to cold you ca n't reheat it for at least 5-10 minutes , and at 3am it -LSB- s -RSB- really -LSB- bad -RSB- . It is nice cause it shuts off automatically , but if you do n't have evrything just right it wo n't work right .
 I actually returned my bottle warmer . I too used the Playtex Disposables with my warmer , but found that the warmer was not consistent . Sometimes the milk would be too warm -LRB- almost hot -RRB- , other times not warm enough . What drove me to return the warmer were the times when the bottles were not warm enough . There 's a delay -LRB- approximately 2 minutes -RRB- which requires you to wait and allow the unit to cool before turning it on again . This wait was miserable for both me and the baby . Not sure if I had a defective warmer or what . Now I use traditional methods of warming bottles and it 's actually not so bad .
 After about 2 weeks , we quit using this bottle warmer . Either the bottle was still ice cold , or it was too hot . I found it easier and faster to warm a cup of water in the microwave and set the bottle in it while I changed the baby . I wish we had used the $ 18 for something else .
 I got this warmer as a shower gift . It does warm the bottle to the perfect temperature . It has drawbacks , though . I took us 6 minutes to heat up a bottle that we had in the fridge . It also developed some brown crusty looking stuff in the bottom of it , and all the numbers rubbed off the measuring tube . We barely even use it anymore because it it not too convenient when you have a hungry baby waiting for her bottle .
 My review would read exactly as H.G. from Westland , MI -- very inconsistant for who knows what reason when you are heating the same size bottle each time ! I have used it for 7 weeks , and am on my way to find a better one . Spend the extra $ $ , if that helps -- I 'll soon find out if it does !
 At first when we started using this bottle warner it worked out great , for the forst five uses or so . Then everytime time there after the bottle was either ice cold or scalding hot . By the time we got the bottle to the temp . needed it would have been faster to warm it up with hot water . That is what we have been doing ever since.I would not advise anyone to register or purchase this warmer as I did . It is just a waste of space .
 I have been through two of these . The first one seemed okay for a few weeks , until I discovered that with Dr. Browns bottles , the upper half of the formula was warm , but formula in the bottom half of the bottle was cold . One day I put a bottle and turned around to make cereal . I noticed it was taking longer than usual so I checked it and found that all the formula had leaked out into the unit , and it was burned . I had to throw it out , since the indicator light never went off after that . I got a second one , and was using Avent bottles . Same thing . It was in there for so long that it pretty much exploded and our kitchen smelled like burned formula for days . THis just does not heat evenly and is dangerous , in my opinion .
 I bought this item for my first baby . To make a long story short , despite following directions very carefully , half the time the bottle either came out too hot , or still cold . I gave it up quick and ended up setting the bottle in a bowl of warm water from the microwave . Takes a little longer , but works everytime and it 's not as annoying .
 I read the reviews for this and was excited to use it - I 've read the instructions many times , tried adjusting per their specifications , and after approximately 20 attempts I have given up . I 've gone so far as to try every water level option , and never ended up with a warm bottle . If you do purchase this warmer , do n't throw away the box until you are sure it works . .
 When searching for bottle warmers , my wife and I were aware we would need a product that would not destroy plastic . We thought we found the product we were looking for in this bottle warmer . Imagine our surprise when , after the first warming , the bottom edge of our Playtex Drop-in System bottle had melted ! Needles to say , we are hugely disappointed .
 This bottle warmer is going right back.Instructions are careless , not detailed and left us wondering if we 're using the product correctly and safely . Just goes to show that not a lot of thought was put into the creation of this product.Tried it first with `` 7 units '' of water as the instructions suggested , that resulted in boiled milk within a few minutes . Tried it again after waiting for cool down with 4 units of water , once again boiled an equivalent amount of milk ... The amount of water does n't seem to make a difference , and the warmer heats up the milk way too much to the point of boiling it . So what is this thing good for ?
 Like other reviewers , I have had nothing but problems with this thing ! The instructions for how much water to add are not right at all . You have to figure out on your own how much water to use , and then , you can do the exact same thing twice and one time will still be ice cold and the other time burning hot . There is a little ring piece , which is not attached , and if you lose it , the thing does not work AT ALL since all the steam just escapes ! Ours stopped heating consistently after two months of use . It gets a brown build-up in the bottom , and you can not fit your hand in there to clean it out . The instructions say to wipe with vinegar periodically , which I have found you actually have to do every day or else you will never get the build up out . We are switching to Munchkin brand bottle warmer now that this one has quit working .
 I got it for a road trip . I have a port as an outlet in my car . It does n't heat that fast I had to put in an extra bottle to heat up the water to heat up the bottle . I did this after 10 minutes of trying it the way the directions said to . My way still took another 10 minutes . It will get you threw what you need to do ... But its not as great as everyone say ... maybe I just got a defective one . But its not something I would buy again ...
 My husband bought this warmer from one of the chain baby stores and I was really excited to use it . We wanted a reliable warmer for the transition from breast to bottle for our son . Well , it warms the bottle great , just not the milk ! I use this multiple times a day , and I still do n't have it down . I have tried everything from smaller bottles to more water to warming the bottle twice . I almost always end up with a bottle that is hot and milk that is not . Of course , by the time I get the temperature right , my poor son is sobbing and thinks I have deserted him ... . I have learned to avoid this awful feeling by setting up the warmer just before he wakes from his naps -LRB- he is still breastfeeding at night -RRB- and adjusted it accordingly . I have to say , this takes all of the convenience out of the warmer . I am sure there is a better warmer out there , I just have n't brought myself to purchasing one for fear of the same results ...
 This warmer works when it wants to which means only when i 'm testing it and never when I need to warm a bottle at 3 am ! I 'll plug it in and nothing happens . I already threw away the box , so i 'm hoping Amazon will still let me return it ! I 'll be trying a different brand all together .
 I breastfed when my infant was newborn , but because of his prematurity , we supplemented with bottles so decided to invest a warmer . He 's now stricly on bottles and we 've never been able to to get good results with this product . It seems to either be too hot or not even heated at all . Do n't waste your money on this product whether you 'll be using it frequently or just sometimes .
 I am a breastfeeder . But , every now and again , my husband gives our baby a bottle of breastmilk . We are past the point of sleep deprivation , so I do n't blame the use of this product on not enough sleep - it really is very confusing to use.The directions are quite unclear and the chart used to tell you how much water to put in is even more unclear . Several times , we have put too much water in , and the bottle gets way too hot , which is dangerous!This is only my opinion and I do not believe has anything to do with lack of intelligence .
 This bottle warmer does not always shut off on its own . Usually I set the bottle in the warmer and then change our son 's diaper and when I am finished it is done . Twice while changing our son 's diaper and clothes I came back to the warmer to find it was boiling the formula in the bottle , the warmer never shut off .
 I thought this was the coolest thing , when I discovered it just before my baby was born . HOWEVER , after 2 weeks of using it , the numbers on the measuring tube wore completely off !!!! It also developed some brown crust in the bottom . It did come off , but who wants to clean one more thing when you have a brand new baby at home . It did warm bottles nicely though and fairly quickly . However , a plain old pot of hot water works wonderfully and does n't cost a thing , and you do n't have to measure !!!!
 I hate this bottle warmer . I had it on my registry because I read such great reviews on it . It is horrible ! It automatically shuts off when you remove the bottle , then it takes 10 min before you can turn it on again . How am i supposed to check the temp of the bottle if I dont take it out ?? Then I have to wait 10 min for it to start up again if the temperature isnt right ?? I dont think so ... In the trash it went . Dont waste your money on this product .
 we returned this bottle warmer because it took a lot more effort and time to warm the bottle in this warmer than just put a bottle in a mug and run hot water . absolute waste .
 We chose this warmer based on reviews ; however , we were very disappointed in it . We had to exchange the first one because it would work only sometimes . The second one , never heated consistantly . We would exactly measure the water and follow the directions perfectly each time , but it never heated the bottles the same . Sometimes the bottle would come out scalding and other times it would still be cold . I would not recommend this at all !!!!
 I purchased my first botther warmer in 2011 , the color was dark gray . . have no complain at all . perfect !! stupid me , bring this overseas and forgot to use the volt converter so it blew up hence i have to purchase a new one . However i can not find the dark gray anymore , go to W supermarket and purchase from Amazon , and end up getting this new version - the light blue and white version.I practically have to heat up twice in order to be warm . sometimes only heat it once and it burning hot.Seems can not get it right . Hate it so much , good thing my daughter is drinking whole milk now so micrawave is my new best friend , i have enough with this warmer
 I would not tell anyone about this bottle warmer . It leaves the bottle cold , my child would not even take it . and you cant rewarm for at least 10 min . we bought it for a trip and returned it before we even left ... We went with another product . LESS IS NOT ALWAYS BEST !!!!!
 I 've had this bottle wormer for about 4 months and I still ca n't get it right ! The little measuring cup is not only hard to read , but also very inaccurate resulting in overheated or underheated bottles ALL THE TIME . To make things worse , once you warm up a bottle , if it 's not right you have to wait 10 minutes before you can try again . Try telling a screaming , hungry baby that he/she has to wait 10 minutes to eat !!!!
 This was purchased in an attempt to save time - it actually doubles the time needed to heat a bottle . The reason is that you try the warmer only to find out it does n't work -LRB- heats the bottle but not the milk -RRB- and then you are forced to heat by hand with hot water .
 We could n't get this warmer to work . It would heat the bottle just great , but the milk inside was still cold . Because you have to wait 10 mins before you can use it again , we found it worthless . Our goal was to speed warming time , but using hot water took the same amount of time as this product . We returned it and got the Avent one and are much happier .
 The best way I know to review this bottle warmer is by comparing it to the Three Bears . Using the same amount of water each and everytime with the bottle always the same temp before heating ... sometimes the bottle comes out too hot , sometimes too cold , and sometimes just right . I plan to write the makers of the warmer and complain . I have been VERY unhappy with this product .
 I have found this product to be a waste of time . The water measure device is hard to read & volumes to use not well marked . It always seems to give me a barely warm bottle -LRB- I was using Avent bottles -RRB- no matter how much water is in it & the ` cut off ' time before it will heat again is most anoying & frustrating . Using the old ` hot water ' method has been far easier & I would n't reccomend this warmer to anyone !
 Do not even bother with this product ! This warmer does n't warm refridgerated bottles ! My 2 week old is taking 4 oz . bottles and THEY will not even warm . After I use it I have to put the bottle in a cup ... butt ! If I could just rewarm it that would help , but it wo n't let you do that for like 10 minutes ... and adding more water does n't help either . I can just imagine how frustrated I would be in a few more weeks when my son will be taking 8 oz . bottles ! This was a waste of money and I will definitely be trying something else .
 When it worked , it was great . But more often than not , it would either not heat the bottle at all , or the milk would be scalding . Not sure why - faulty heater ? The indicator marks on the water vial came of quickly so we needed to mark the line with a permanent marker . Again , not ideal . I would recommend reading more reviews to see if this is just a quirky defect or common for the product .
 It requires CONSTANT watching . If I do n't take the milk out and shake the bottle at least twice while heating , it scalds the milk giving it a terrible taste . I hate having to throw out breastmilk ! Grrrr.The bottom of the inside where the bottle rests is getting all rusty looking , even though I 've kept it clean . Makes it smell bad when the machine heats up.I have two of these , and both are having the same problems . I guess I got what I paid for .
 I registered this item for my Baby Shower , but I ended up so disappointed because even though is compact -LRB- great on your countertop -RRB- , reasonable price , and quick ! , it 's very hard to find the correct water measurement . You either get it too hot or too cold and you have to run cold/hot water under the sink for it to warm up or cool off . Who has time for that when you have a baby crying telling that he is hungry.This would have been a great product if the actual instructions would work . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS -LSB- -RSB- !!!! Jan 24 , 2003 - I am rewriting the review since i finally figured out the problem of being too hot and cold . This system works if you dont make the bottles ahead and put them in the refrigerator ; in other words , make the bottle right then and there , so you cant have the bottles already prepared with the formula but it only takes 2 seconds to do , and if you have a hungry baby just prepare it a few minutes before you think he 's going to start crying .
 This bottle warmer is not for the Playtex Drop In system . Although the instructions say it is suitable for these bottles , I ruined 2 before I gave up on it . I followed the instructions exactly and ended up with cold breastmilk and melted bottles . I returned this item .
 We were disappointed with this bottle warmer for our twin boys . We found that it can only heat up one bottle every 10 minutes , which is a real problem when you are trying to heat up two bottles or you mess up the first time , and its too cold or too hot , which is common with this warmer because you are constantly adjusting how much water to put in . At 3AM , this is just too much trouble . Also , it lacks a countdown timer , a memory for how long you needed the warmer the last time , and does n't have a water reservoir . The Dr. Browns is much better , and we have found that one works great for Dr. Browns , First Years and Playtex bottles .
 I hated this warmer !!!! I would put the exact same amount of water in for the same amount of formula . One time it would be too hot , another too cool , and another just right . Sometimes the warmer would n't even heat away all of the water ! Then , somehow water got into the base , there must be a crack in a seal , and brown water would drip onto my counter . It was awful .
 I used this once and will never use it again , unfortunately I thou out the box so I could not return it . The instruction tells you to add certain amount of water and I did . It did not heat at all . I had to reheat the bottle . It 's just too much hassle ; I would not recommend buying it . Just use the good old fashion way and boil a pot of water .
 I received this bottle warmer for my shower . My daughter is a breastfed baby and when it came time for me to go back to work at 4 months I took this out and read the directions . It seems to me that 5 minutes is a long time for an item specially designed to warm up bottles . It takes that long to heat up a bottle in a big pot of water ! My daughter is still breastfeeding at 6 months and only receives 3-4 bottles a week so a bottle warmer is definately not a priority . We warm up bottles and baby food the old fashioned way , in a big pot of hot water .
 I too am disappointed with this warmer . It is very inconsistent in heating the bottles . Although we use the same amount of water in the warmer each time , the bottle never comes out the same . Sometimes it 's just right , but more often it is over or under heated . The enclosed booklet tells how much water should be added for each bottle type and size . It is grossly off . We basically fill the measuring tube full for a 6 oz bottle and heat with the lid off so we can stick our -LRB- clean -RRB- finger in ever few seconds to test and make sure it is n't overheating . As another review mentioned , it 's extremely frustrating when it does n't heat the bottle enough because it takes 10 minutes to cool down before you can rewarm . Do n't waste your money .
 Thought this was the greatest thing the first time I used it , but as other people have written , it is very inconsistant when warming bottles , even though I fill it with the same amount of water every time , sometimes it is very cold , sometimes perfect . The other day though , I warmed up the bottle and thank goodness I always test it , I burned myself on the milk ! I had to run cold water on the bottle to get it warm , because it was piping hot ! I am returning the product .
 I should give this product 3 stars . It is quicker than using boiled water . Also convenient because you do not need to worry about turning off anything . But just as other reviews , the performance is unpredictable . Sometimes it gives too hot sometimes not warm enough . I am using Dr.Brown 's narrow bottles . For 3 ounce cold breast milk , water at level 6 -LRB- suggested by the manual -RRB- only makes it not cold . Anyway , I would say it is really fast.However I would like to give only 2 stars because I received a used one !!!!! It is so dirty on the bottom of the basket !!!!!!! This is really ridiculous for a product sold by Amazon !!!!! But I really need it immediately for I do not want to boil water in the midnight . Also the price at this time is acceptable . Next time I would require a replacement . Just be aware .
 We have the First Years Day and Night Bottle Warmer -LRB- with the cooler on the back -RRB- for use upstairs , and loved it so much that I decided to order what I assumed to be the same item without the cooler for the kitchen counter downstairs . It never heated the bottles as well as the one that we had , and the bottles gradually got less and less warm , until the warmer did n't work at all . We used it less than ten times , and the entire thing totally crapped out . I ignored the bad reviews and really , really wanted to like this item because I love the cooler/bottle warmer so much ! Back to Amazon it goes !
 I received two of these bottle warmers because I have twins . The warmers worked great for about 2-3 months then they went on the fritz . Even though we are very careful about filling the water container - bottles are either too cold or the warmer decides to drink the milk because by the time I go back to check on the bottle half of it is gone ! I do NOT recommend this warmer . This is a perfect of example of you get what you pay for !
 my daughter uses the mam bottles which have a very thick bottom and it takes 2 or 3 times to warm it . then sometimes its too warm ...
 I bought this warmer because it was able to warm disposable liners . I could never get the right temperature it was either too hot or too cold and if it was too cold you could n't reheat for another 5 or 10 mins . Explain that to a hungary 4 week old . It did finally break at 6 wks . I found that hot tap water was the best way after all . It gets the bottle just right in no time . I 'm a new mother so i wanted every gadgit out there but it seems the old way is best for me .
 I am a breast feeding mother who registered for this bottle warmer for the days away from my daughter ; therefore , I am not using this bottle warmer on an every day basis . However , I am very disappointed in the consistency of the warmer.In the beginning it was great . I figured out just the right amount of water to put in -LRB- always under the 4 oz line for disposable bottles -RRB- and the right amount of time to let the bottle heat -LRB- always removed it before it was done -RRB- . But ... that only worked a few times . Now , 1 month later , the warmer sits in my kitchen ready to be put away or thrown away . Every time I try to heat up a bottle , the bottle is always cold . Not worth it . Then , if I try to reheat the bottle , you have to wait a long time to let the machine cool before it will let you to restart it.When my sister was visiting -LRB- the first week I used the warmer -RRB- she was so impressed she ran out to buy one . Unfortunately , her warmer is doing the same thing as mine . I have tried to clean it hoping that would fix the problem , but to no avail it is still not working . I think the best and cheapest way to heat up a bottle is to put water in a cup and microwave the water for one minute . Then , place the bottle in the water . Perfect every time !
 We like the of a bottle warmer and when we saw the price tag , we thought this was a great buy . The reality is that it 's very hard to get `` the exact '' amount of water into the vial . Secondly , this `` exact amount '' does not adequately warm all bottles to the same temperature . I have since given up measuring and simply put in a vial or more of water and then monitor the temp by using my finger . In some cases , the bottle warms very quickly , in other cases , it takes minutes and minutes . For baby # 2 , we are tossing this one and on the hunt for a better quality warmer . Until then , we are making do . In all = for the price , it 's usable -LRB- albeit it 's a pain -RRB- , and does the job but not without some additional work and toying .
 I have found that this bottle warmer makes the bottle either too hot or not hot enough -LRB- even if you follow the directions on how much water to use -RRB- and you have to wait ten minutes to start the cycle over again - that is TOO long to wait when you have a screaming , hungey baby who needs to eat ! It 's easier -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- to run hot water over the bottle , it takes the same amount of time and you can control the temperature .
 The bottle warmer does not heat bottles evenly . The bottles are either too cold or too hot . The bottle warmer has to cool down before it can be used again . If it did not heat the bottle enough then you have to wait before heating it again . Save your money . It is faster to boil water and then set the bottle in the water to warm .
 I bought this bottle warmer but when it arrived the auto shut off function was n't working . So i returned it and i got a new one . Same problem . Now i am returning it again and i will buy a different brand . Maybe i was n't lucky ... but i am definitely disappointed by the product .
 Water vial is a pain to accurately fillIt does not consistantly heat up the firmula , despite using the proper amount of water
 I so rarely review a product , because usually it does a good enough job , or the flaws are n't so bad that I feel the need to comment on it.This . warmer . stinks.It is so inconsistent . With the same amount of water , it will make bottles that are absolutely scalding to the touch , or luke warm . That 's supposed to be a button on the front , and from the -LRB- awful -RRB- instructions it came with , I surmised that it is supposed to auto-off when done . That is NOT a button on the front - I am still not at all sure of its purpose . If the unit is plugged in , the `` button '' is lit up . It does n't auto-off , so you are just guessing at when is the right time to yank the scalding bottle out of the unit.Would not recommend this to anyone , unless they absolutely had no other option . I get far more consistent results heating the bottle in a cup of hot water .
 I was Disappointed with this product . It takes a really long time to get warm and never heats my breast milk properly . It was expensive compared to the munchkin warmer but , not a better product .
 It do n't make the bottle warm enough , and as soon as it is warm it shuts off and you ca n't turn it back on . Not happy with my purchase .
 I followed the manufacture 's instructions and tried about 10 times to heat bottles and not a single one of them even got warm . I find it much easier -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- to warm a cup of water in the microwave and place the bottle in it .
 Good concept , poor execution . Hard to use , and the instruction manuals suggested water amounts are way off base , in my experience . Wife and I got so frustrated with the warmer 's inconsistent results that we 've gone back to the old fashioned warming method - setting the bottle in a cup of warm water . That method works much better . The bottle warmer concept is solid and attractive , but this particular model fails . Do not buy .
 This is my second baby bottle warmer . I thought I need 2 warmers for both places , my home and my mum 's place , so I decided to get another one . I bought Avent express warmer previously . It was good . It heats up steadily pretty fast on both plastic bottles and baby food glass jar containers . I 'm disappointed that First Years warmer can not be used to heat glass wear after i read its instruction manual . So the product feature `` Can be used to warm jar of baby food '' is misleading . The food jar has to be non-glass . It is not stated in the product features . It requires too water , and its heating coil heats up in seconds ! It 's definitely not suitable to be used on glass products . And i figured if i were to pass its warmer to my mum without specifically telling her to only use the little bit of water , indicated by the measuring cup , and by common sense , i think she would probably fill up the warmer with water covering a certain height of the milk bottle and she would end up getting splashed by the sudden surge in the heated water . I thought this product is dangerous to use without supervision . I would not buy it again .
 This product is an absolute piece of crap ! It does n't work and it barely produces any heat . Company never returns calls for customer support . We will never buy from this company again .
 I 'm only going to say
 I 've been using this warmer for 3 and half months now and it just seem to get more unreliable each week . I have n't changed bottles or adjusted the water levels , so I do n't know why the heating temperature changes so much . More often I find that I have to heat my bottle twice in order to get lukewarm formula , otherwise the formula is cold but the bottle is hot . It 's very deceiving ... you must check the temperature of the fluid not the bottle to see if it is fit for feeding .
 This is the only bottle warmer I have ever used so I really have nothing to compare it to . However , I stopped using it after a couple of weeks and realized my son took the bottle just fine without the need to warm up the bottle . It was difficult to get the bottle at the right temp - it was either too hot or too cold . By the time I had it at an acceptable temp , my baby was already screaming for the bottle . The bottle would sometimes be too hot and would leak at the top . That left a residue at the bottom of the warmer which would emit a weird odor that might make you think something is burning . You might have better luck with it but it just did n't work for us .
 I purchased this bottle warmer because of the automatic shut-off . I already had a Gerber bottle warmer which works great for heating , but the only way to turn it off was to unplug it . I am too afraid to forget it and have it burn so I wanted something with a safety feature . Let me tell you , I am not impressed . I really only need my bottles heated to room temperature , but we recently had to switch to liquid formula so once it 's refrigerated it 's too cold . I ca n't even get it that hot & I fill the water cup to the max ! The scary part of that is I 'm only using 4oz bottles right now . I ca n't even imagine once he starts eating more . Of course , I ca n't continue heating once it shuts off because of the 10 minute cooling off period so I end up having to use my Gerber one anyway . It 's a terrible product and I will be returning it . It 's too much hassle to have a screaming baby wait for food while I fight with this thing .
 Heating breastmilk ... who knew it would be such a science ! The microwave will cause loss of nutrients and hot spots , and a pan of hot water will take an agonizingly long time when accompanied by a hungry , crying baby . Enter the Quick Serve Bottle Warmer , what I thought would be the most convenient method . It is ... and well , it is n't . Yes , this warmer is convenient , as it can heat bottles in under the five minutes it advertises , especially if you are using disposable bags or drop-in liners . However , it can get these bags extremely hot , so you need to stand by the warmer and test the bottle periodically . Regular plastic bottles tend to take longer and do n't heat up as well . The performance of the warmer is not consistent . It works well sometimes , but usually only if you pay close attention to it , testing the bottle as it warms . Goldilocks would lose her patience with this one , as it is hardly ever `` just right '' . Here 's how it works
 ... I mean , there 's only a few things they had to get right , and they missed the mark on all of them ! 1 -RRB- you want the button to work easily - it does n't . it does n't actually even press in or click . it 's like this loosey goosey button that you have to push and prod and beg to actually light up to show you it 's working . never figured out how to get that thing to turn on every time ... it was always a crap shoot .2 -RRB- you want the water measuring cup to have EASY-TO-READ markings , saying 2 oz , 4 oz , 6 oz , 8 oz - to show you how much water to use to heat a bottle of these sizes . it does n't . instead , it tells you the amount of water you are putting in the measuring cup . why would anyone care ? AND the markings are in white very small print . when you are trying to keep the house dark for middle of the night feedings on a baby that has its days and nights mixed up , you can not see a thing .3 -RRB- if you are going to make a handy little holster to keep the water measuring cup in , make one that is simple and works . they did n't . the cup has a weird groove along one edge , that is supposed to slide easily into the groove on the side of the warmer . it does n't . i ca n't tell you how FRIGGIN difficult it is to get the stupid thing to get into those grooves ! and when your brand new little baby is screaming at the top of her lungs , or you are dog tired and finally getting a chance to clean up and set up for the next feeding , this stupid thing will REALLY try your patience . why ? i mean , WHY did they have to make such a simple SIMPLE thing so friggin difficult ? i am baffled .4 -RRB- lastly , you want the warmer to heat the bottles to the right temperature , so that your newborn babies brand new lips , mouth , throat and tummy do n't get scalded . well , it does n't . sometimes it heats it too much , sometimes too little.Save your money and just warm your bottles in a bowl of hot water . Or if using formula , just use room-temperature water and make the bottles fresh as needed , or make a few in advance and just keep them out on the counter . As long as they baby 's mouth has n't touched the nipple and formula , it 's fine to leave it out for when baby wants it -LRB- assuming it 'll be used within a reasonable time frame , of course -RRB- . i am constantly amazed at how many baby products miss the mark . it 's like these companies do zero market research and do not consult one single mother or father before putting the product on the shelves . i guess they know first time parents do n't know what they are doing , and just decide to capitalize on that .
 There are one of two things that happen when we use this product , either the milk is ice cold or scalding hot . We 've owned this product for over a month and I can count on one hand the number of times it has worked correctly . We 've gone back to using a cup of hot water to warm up our bottles , because this product is a complete LEMON .
 I breastfeed my baby and my husband gives him one bottle at night . We have used this warmer for the past 4 months and find it very unreliable in heating the bottles to a consistant temperature . Using the same bottle , same amount of liquid in the bottle , same temperature -LRB- from fridge -RRB- and same amount of water in measuring device ... it would always be a surprise what the outcome would be . You have to start with a full tube of water and usually you have to run it again with a half a tube . Sometimes , it 's even too hot with the first full tube . In a nutshell , this is quicker than sitting the bottle in hot water , BUT it needs monitoring . Next time , I will get another brand and do more research before buying .
 I hated this product . It takes too long to heat the milk & when my child was younger , she did not want to wait . I guess if you have the time , it would be okay .
 Will not heat up refrigerated bottles , a total waste of money and time .
 I love the idea of this warmer , especially the automatic shutoff , but it seems not to work at all on our 4oz frozen bottles -- I put the maximum amount of water into the hopper , but I 'm always left with a fairly large iceberg of frozen milk in the middle.I see a lot of reviews here that complain about inconsistency or too-cold bottles , so I 'm wondering if there 's a problem with the product?I would , based on my two weeks worth of experience with this warmer , - not - recommend it .
 I received this as a shower gift and after trying to `` guess '' how much water to use with each bottle I ended up returning it . The outside of the bottle would be quite warm but once you shake the contents , everything was cold . Not worth the money at all .
 I can never get a consistent temperature with this warmer . I have tried all different water levels and have YET to get the perfect temp . I 'm really not happy at all with this warmer and I would never recommend this to anyone .
 I would save my money and use the microwave instead . This bottle warmer took too long , and it was either too cold or too hot . I recommend using the microwave , and shaking the bottle good , and then testing it on your wrist.I ended up taking it back and buying a different one .
 The concept of using steam to warm the bottle is poor and does not work properly . It seems quick but only the outside and the bottom portion of the milk or baby food is heated . This does not work properly to heat up 8 oz of milk or a baby food jar.Another poor design is that the electrical cord to this device is exremely short.A missing feature is that this does not keep your baby food warm after heating . Spend a few more dollar to one that heats up the water , not using the steam . It may take longer but your baby will appreciate his/her warm milk or food !
 I ordered this item thinking I would never have to worry about having the right temp for the bottle . Well guess what - I keep using the regular cup of water as a warmer . This warmer suffers from several major flaws :1 . Steam operation - you put the water in using the measuring cup and you never know how much water is enough . For more than 3 ounces of milk even the max amount used in the measuring cup is never enough2 . The bottom of the steamer becomes brown from the tiny amounts of milk that supposedly leaks from the bottle during the warming - so each time you have to clean it out with a tough sponge3 . Even if the bottle is not warm enough you can not turn on the warmer - it has a time period to cool down - and in the meantime your baby goes ballistic.The bottom line is - do n't buy it . Buy the simplest warmer available - from Avent for example
 As the other reviewers have said , it is a hit or miss on the temperature with this warmer . I have to check half way through the warming process and sometimes it is already finished . I bought my bottle warmer a month ago and it has already broken .
 I burned the h. . eck out of my finger the first night I used this . It totally overheats the milk . . to the boiling point , which should n't then be consumed by the baby , even when cooled down . I 'm back to the stove top .
 I bought this in hopes that I could avoid standing over a pot of boiling water in the middle of the night to heat my newborn 's bottle . She is impatient when it comes to waiting so I thought this little unit would do the trick . NO SUCH LUCK . The product review says it 's stylish but who cares ? What we really need is functionality and usability and this warmer is neither . It claims to heat up the bottle in 4 minutes but the milk is unevenly heated , the top of the bottle is cold and the base is scalding . The milk then needs to be shaken to even out the temperature ... a real time sucker when you 're in a hurry to feed a wailing baby . I tried to vary the amount of water I poured into the heating base but this did n't help . I 'm lucky I did n't throw away my trusty little pot since I 'm back to warming up the old fashioned way on the stove .
 I agree with the other lady who said you have to sit and wait for the bottle to warm up . I went through , in total , about 4 bottles that became scalded before I gave up on this thing . The opposite was also true . I would put just the right amount of water ina and the bottle itself got warm but the milk was just as cold as when I took it out of the fridge . And you ca n't just hit the button again to reheat because , I guess , there is some kind of thermostat thing in it . Therefore , you end up running hot tap water over the bottle anyway . Now I just fill a quart size Chinese soup container with hot water and put the bottle in there for about 2 minutes and it is good . No more scalded bottles or cold bottles .
 Website said glass bottle should not be used . We have glass bottles , so we could not use it as bottle warmer.Website said it can warm jar of baby food , but we make our own baby food , and our containers could not fit it.We returned ths bottle warmer . On the other hand , we love the sterilizer , which I will write about next.The First Years Babypro Sterilizer .
 We have a 7 week old baby so we thought we would try this when my husband feeds the baby . What a waste ! We started off with 2 oz . of milk and it would barely get lukewarm . More recently , I have been having him try to feed her more ... when we put 4-6 oz of breast milk in the bottles -LRB- from the fridge OR once melted from the freezer -RRB- , it is still cold after 1 time of using it.With a crying baby , as other reviews stated , you ca n't wait 10 minutes for a reheat , and he found a trick around it ; he unplugs the unit , waits 1-2 minutes then tries again . In the mean time , he puts the bottle into very hot tap water . Once you place the bottle in the warmer a second time , it will warm it enough for her to take it . It 's not hot but just lukewarm . For the effort and time , we 're going to return the product until we find something better . -LRB- He 'll go back to warming the bottle in a bowl of hot tap water . -RRB- Really , so not worth the money ... the outside of the bottle is very hot and the milk inside is cold . My parents tried it and could n't believe it either !
 Bottom line
 I disliked the fact that a little too much or too little water required another try . Yes , it warms up the bottle very quickly but it can over do it fairly easily . We found it easier to warm the bottles just by placing them in a cup of hot water . I 'd skip this item .
 Do n't like it at all I was just looking for a simply bottle warmer but i got this thing that steams to heat and it heats uneven to slow and to fast.The directions about how to measure the water it confusing . i have used other warmers in the past and wish that i had remembered their names so i did n't end up buying this one .
 I was so excited to purchase this for such a low price . I hated thinking about thawing milk on the stove while my baby sat waiting & hungry , so I could n't wait to try this quicker approach.However , when I read the manual , it stated the warmer could only be used once every TEN minutes . I prayed and hoped it would thaw it out the 1st try so my baby would n't get fussy while waiting for it.Unfortunately , after using the warmer , the milk was still mostly frozen and had `` hot spots . '' As you know , this is the reason you do n't use the microwave . So I ended up sticking the milk in a cup of hot water from the sink and waiting 10 minutes instead.The next time I tried to use this , I tried recently expressed milk from the refrigerator . I thought surely it would be better this time since it was not frozen.No such luck . It made the milk WAY too hot , and on top of that the unit was oozing some kind of bronze colored metallic substance . EW . I do n't know what happened , since I followed instructions clearly.This was the biggest waste of money . I recommend filling a mug with water , microwaving for 2 or 3 minutes and then placing the milk container in the hot water . This way , milk is warm fairly quickly , there are no hot spots , no breastmilk nutrients are lost , and most importantly -- it 's FREE ! : -RRB-
 I 'm surprised by all the positive reviews . I use this maybe once or twice a week since I am home breastfeeding , but I still find it annoying . At first , figuring out the test tube water amount is confusing , and even then when you warm the bottle , it does n't always heat it all the way through . If you want to warm it again , or if you want to warm another one , you ca n't because it just wo n't turn on until it completely cools down -LRB- which is a long time -RRB- . I am assuming it is a safety feature so it does n't overheat the milk/formula . I just find that putting the bottle in a mug of hot water is easier.Maybe if I was using it for every feeding , I 'd be used to it and like it . I think it sucks .
 I ordered this product to be shipped to Australia but it should n't have been available to order because I needed an inverter to make it work because of the difference in AC and that costs more than the product itself !
 I should 've listened to the negative reviews on this item - it does not warm up my Playtex Drop In bottles consistently no matter how many times I try !!! I experimented with the amount of water to put in it and I still ca n't get this warmer to work right the first time , every time . It has turned out to be a waste of money - just placing a bottle in warm water works better .
 Junk . Inconsistent heating that is never right the first time . Half the time have to bang on it to get the on button to even depress . Have never had this heat right the first time - always have to manually regulate temperature afterward with plain old water . A piece of crap not even worthy of a garbage can .
 I received this bottle warmer as a gift and have used it several times , with much dissatisfaction . It takes a long time to heat bottles and the heating itself is inconsistent . Sometimes the bottle will come out still cold and other times it will come out scalding hot ... on the same setting . Also , the design of the bottle warmer is just stupid . The power button is at the very bottom of the device and you have to push down on it rather than push in , which causes the warmer to tip over unless you are holding it with the other hand . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've had my baby in one hand and ended up tipping the whole bottle warmer over , spilling milk and water everywhere , and when you have a screaming hungry baby in your arms , the last thing you want is to clean up a big mess and start all over . Needless to say , I 'll be tossing this bottle warmer and buying another one .
 When our daughter was born , the only thing that we did n't already have was a bottle warmer . The instructions to this one seemed simple enough , but after trying for over two months , I did not get 1 bottle heated correctly . They were all either too hot or too cold even if I added the same amount of water , the bottle temperature was different evey time . There is nothing worse then a hungry baby and you have to put her bottle on ice to let it cool before she can have it . Save your money and do n't buy this product .
 Pros
 I bought this warmer because I own the Breastflow bottles and I was thinking that since the two products are made by the same company , it should work . Well , I was disappointed because it failed to warm the bottle at all ! What is the point in make a bottle warmer when it does n't even warm the bottles that are made by the same company ?
 This warmer was absolutely great in the beginning . When I was pregnant I was having nightmares about having to boil water on the stovetop everytime my Son would want a bottle . This warmer was given to me as a baby shower gift and I was thrilled . My husband and I have used it constantly since day one . Now that our Son is 91/2 months old it is not so predictable anymore . It seems that the more it is used the less accurate it becomes . I can make two bottles in the same day with the same amount of fluid in the bottle and in the warmer and one bottle will turn out piping hot and the other bottle will be ice cold . I am currently shopping for a new , different , bottle warmer to purchase .
 We thought that the idea behind this bottle warmer was wonderful , especially with the automatic shutoff . However , we are completely frustrated with it . I have had it for three weeks and have yet to discover the correct amount of water to put in to accurately warm the bottles . They are almost always too hot or too cold , even when I put in the same amount of water for each bottle . I usually end up having to run the bottles under hot or cold water to get them to the desired temperature . Sometimes the old fashioned way beats all .
 When my husband & I saw this bottle warmer , we thought great ! It was the only one that would allow the Playtex Disposable Bottles to be heated . We thought it was a MUST , since our kitchen is downstairs and we were upstairs at night . We did n't use it for the first few months because I breastfed . One problem right off the bat was that there are n't indicator lines if you are feeding baby , 2 oz . or 6 oz . When we began to use it , we realized that eventhough the 4 oz . and 8 oz . indicators for water amounts were there , they were inconsistent . What I mean is , if we were warming a 4 oz . bottle of breatsmilk , the 4 oz . water line made it boiling hot . Therefore , having a screaming baby while it cools . NOT GOOD ! When our son was switched to formula , it took him a few different kinds until we found the right one . Again , we noticed that the water lines were not equivalent to the amounts . The Ready-to-feed formulas took longer than the line recommedation , the powder formulas took less than the line recomendation , the concentrated formulas were hit or miss with the lines . We also found that regardless if the liquid being heated was cold , warm , or boiling hot , the bottle itself was very hot to the touch . Leaving you to continually test the liquid , more so than normally , and , at times , the bottle , even when the liquid is ` just right ' , is too hot to hold.We thought it was a great idea , but it turned out that it took more time to figure the appropriate line for what was being heated , breastmilk or different kind of formula.We will have to figure somtething else out because baby # 2 is due in August and I will NOT begin to figure it out again .
 I tried to use this bottle warmer three times and it took forever to heat up my doctor brown bottles - if it does n't heat up the first time you need to wait about 5 minutes to try again !! I even tried the top line for the water and it still did n't heat up the bottle - I ended up returning the warmer and just use the stove !!
 I 've had problems with this product . It boiled my breastmilk a few times and other times it does n't heat my milk enough . I 'm almost afraid to use it ... Every now and then I work up the nerve to use it , but I find myself babysitting it to make sure it does n't boil my milk . I 've tried using little water -LRB- the first line -RRB- ; then the second line ... and it does n't matter , my milk is either too hot or too cold !
 This warmer is not that good . You have to put the exact measurment of water , or else the bottle will either come out too hot , or too cold .
 I bought this bottle warmer two years ago and it never heated the bottles right , and also it would burn at the bottom and the bottles too!i thought it was the particular one we got , so i exchanged it for another one , but It had the same problem .
 I bought two of these , and they both did the same thing . I followed the directions exactly , even called customer service , and with both warmers , the thing shut off before warming the bottles . The bottles were always ICE COLD . I would definitely not recommend this product .
 I bought this warmer to use with my second child and ended up returning it . It was very inconsistent with heating bottles of any size or type , and with any amount or type of formula . With all the time I wasted reheating or cooling bottles from this warmer it was really faster to just use hot tap water in a big plastic cup !
 My Dr Brown bottle warmer was acting up . I had it for 15 months and would turn off before the time . I thought I would change brands and treid tthe First year . It was horrible . It would n't warm the bottle in the 4 mins like Dr Brown did . I returned it right away . I tried other brands but at the ned returned all and bought another Dr. Brown .
 Bottle Warmer worked only once and never switched on again . I could not even return the item , because it was eligible for returning only for four days . Do not bother to buy it . This company just deceives us . They let us buy broken products and organized its return procedures that we never can get our money back .
 This thing kind of has two temperatures
 It may be my son only but he does n't care if his bottles are cold or warm and I use water that is in gallon containers which sit on the counter so his bottles are generally at room temperature anyway . This product did work , however , for my standard size Playtex Vent Air bottles but did not heat up my friend 's wide mouth bottles when she tried to use it . All in all , this was a pointless purchase on my part ; but the return of the item was easy cheesy !
 We were given this warmer , and beggars ca n't be choosers , but I would NEVER buy one of these on my own . There is absolutely no consistency with warming with this product . Sometimes the bottles come out perfect , but more often than not it 's either still freezing cold or it 's scalding hot . And when your baby is hungry in the middle of the night and you 're trying to warm a bottle for feeding the last thing you want to do is try to heat it again or wait for it to cool down . Not to mention trying to fill the water vile with exactly the amount of water you need in the middle of the night can get real annoying . Save your money and buy one you can rely on .
 You can never get the exact amount of water to go in there . Sometimes it over heats and sometimes it is not warm for the same amount of milk in the bottle . Once it was made the milk so hot that my son would have burnt his mouth if I had not taken the care to check the temperature several times before I could feed him . I used the recommended amount of water and still it overheated the milk . Since then I have stopped using it so that I do not risk burning his mouth .
 I did n't put this on my registry because I really did n't think I 'd need one and I thought the price was to high . BUT . After listening to the wails of a hungry , screaming , wailing infant waiting for the bottle to heat in the hot water or wait until the bottle became room temperature and it was still to cool -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- sigh -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . I gave in.This bottle warmer is `` HORRIBLE '' !!!!!! 1 . The cord is very short so your limited as to where it can be plugged in .2 . It 's impossible to read the measurements there written to small .3 . Very easy to burn yourself with the hot water do to the bubbling water and short cord .4 . The milk is either to hot or to cold . So thats an additional 5-7 minutes reheating or cooling .5 . You MUST watch the bottle carefully because
 I had registered on my Baby Registry for this warmer because I loved the idea of its multi-use features -LRB- warms regular and disposable bottles and babyfood -RRB- . Honestly , I wish I had not received it . In the time that I have used it , I have had more frustration than successes using this item . There is no rhyme or reason about how much water to use to get the bottle or babyfood jar adequately heated . Sometimes , it is too warm ; sometimes it is too hot . I do not know if the other warmers are worth the extra money but I know this one was not worth its price .
 I bought this item especially because of `` The First Years '' brand and I was extremely disappointed with it . I use Dr. Brown 's 4 oz . bottles and , for some reason , each time I used the Quick Serve Bottle Warmer formula leaked or evaporated into the warming chamber and before I knew it we had burnt formula all inside the unit . My bottles that had 2 ounces of formula quickly diminished to less than 11/2 ounces when the warming cycle was complete and then I was left to clean up all of the burnt formula inside the bottom of the unit . Not a fun thing to do in the middle of the night or even during the day ! I read other reviews where people had the same problem . I do not recommend this product at all .
 I bought this warmer thinking it 's more convenient than warming milk with hot water , but actually it is not ... the amount of water needed is little therefore it has to be very precise to get to the temperature you want ! It takes longer to fill the correct amount of water than needed . Also you have to wait 10 minutes to try again , if a bottle is not warm enough , you have to use something else anyway ! The instructions state that the unit needs 10 minutes to cool down if you need to use it again , but it may actually take longer than that ... I would prefer to use hot water than using this warmer .
 This product is poorly constructed , requires patience and you do n't have that with a baby crying . It does n't heat to a temperature the baby would like , so you end up having to cool the bottle afterwards . Also I have to manipulate the On switch for far too long but I actually get it to turn on . After awhile I just gave up and stopped using it .
 Been using this for 5 weeks now to heat 2-3 oz in Dr Brown regular bottles . Feels cheap , seems to heat inconsistently and just an overall annoyance to use.Looking for something better ! Help !
 I regret not paying a little more and ending up with an easier-to-use bottle warmer.The vial for measuring water is difficult to use with marks for measuring the amount of water that are far too close together - and yet it seems to make a world of difference!The groove to hang the vial on the warmer is not well shaped and I fight putting it back on after use every time.The greatest knock against this product is a safety feature . Simply put , it takes too long to cool down . I know , this sounds like it would n't be a bad thing , but the warmer wo n't start back up until it has cooled completely . Our little booger monster takes a small bottle containing his medicine and then a full bottle with the remainder of his feed and getting it to warm the second bottle is a pain!Does this warmer work ? Certainly ! Are my complaints minor ? Probably . But you might do well to consider other options out there - when you have a newborn , every little thing you can do to make life a little easier will yield great rewards !
 We had this bottle warmer for 2 months , it never worked well , and tonight our babysitter broke it in the course of normal use . waste of money .
 OK . It does its work OK . It heats the baby 's bottles.But it also has some important problems , which are kind of expected for the price :1 -RRB- once it completes a full heating cycle , it takes a long time cooling down , during which you can not use it again cause it wo n't turn on .2 -RRB- the water that you put in it , very very quickly makes the metal heater at the bottom to become badly rusty and hard to clean up .
 We found that the teflon on the bottom came off after a couple months of using this product . I am replacing it with another product and am disapointed that it only lasted about 2 months .
 First off , mine was white and it looks like they changed the shape and color now , whether that matters , I do n't really know , or care . This is the most awful product . We tried it 3 times , once actually following direction , then twice adding more water to see if it makes any difference . Nope . It does n't work . The ONLY thing it does is get the actual bottle hot . Almost too hot to the touch , but if you test out the actual formula , it was literally ice-cold . Like straight from the fridge . Awful , awful product . I find these mixed reviews odd , because apparently for some , it actually works and for others , like me , it does n't do ANYTHNG . I do n't know about those positive reviews , but for me , it was just utterly dissapointing . Pity really , it would have been SO convenient to warm a bottle up as quickly as it says -LRB- 1 minute , I believe -RRB- . But we have to continue doing it the old-fashioned way .
 This item was not consistent in the amount of warming it would do . We have Playtex Drop-Ins and could never get the amount of water right to create the proper amount of steam to heat the formula properly . Either the formula was too hot , or too cold . Then , at one time it was too warm and the Playtex bottle insert got so hot it fell out of the bottom of the bottle -LRB- it must have shrunk -RRB- . Luckily , the baby did not want this feeding ; she must have either sensed it was not right , or the rim around the bottle/playtex inset was too hot and we did n't realize it.There is no way to control the amount of heat to produce the proper warming of the formula accurately .
 The last thing you need is to have to put everything down to check a bottle constantly . Every time myself or my wife tried to warm a bottle in this thing , it either came out too hot or too cold . Having to constantly check the bottle became too much of a hassle and we simply quit using this warmer . Despite following the instructions to a tee , the bottles NEVER came out perfect . We either had to re-heat the bottle or let it cool down before giving it too the baby.To make things short , I 'll say this
 We were n't planning on using a warmer at first but we thought it would be easier-it works , sometimes ... . as someone else mentioned it goes by how much water you use , but sometimes you can put the amount of water it suggests , and it wo n't be warm at all , other times you can put in the same amount water you put in before , and it will be piping hot . ours is very inconsistant , but that may not be the case with all of them - i would choose something else next time . .
 This bottle warmer is not that good . I would have to stand there and keep checking the temperature to make sure it did n't get too hot . you can imagine how thrilled I was trying to calm down a screaming hungry infant at three o'clock in the morning !! I do not reccommend this product
 I received this bottle warmer as a gift from my baby registry and I 'm sorry that I picked that bottle warmer because it does n't do a good job at all ! Bottles are either too hot or too cold , even with the same amount of water ... It 's really annoying when you want to feed your baby and have to cool the bottle because the warmer heats it too much and baby wants to eat!The plastic inside the bottle warmer begins to deform after only two weeks of use and turns brown from the heat . Very cheap material for a bottle warmer when heat is inevitable.I ca n't recommend this bottle warmer at all !
 At first glance , I thought this product was great -- it IS small , simple , and fast . What the `` editorial review '' does not say is that it is also completely UNRELIABLE . I 've heated up bottles with the exact same amount of formula , at the exact same temperature , with the exact same amount of water . Sometimes they 're perfectly warm , but just as often they 're scalding hot , and , less frequently , still cold . If a product like this does n't work consistently , it 's useless .
 This warmer is unpredictable . The same amount of water may overheat the bottle at one time , get it to room temperature another , and bearly heat it another time . It is rather annoying . The only reason why it got two stars is the fact that if it is still cool when you heat it , it doesnt take very long to warm it up to room temp .
 This product is painful to use . Its just not worth the hassle . Everything about it is akward , the measuring vial , the button to start it , the instructions . We tried for a few days to figure it out before returning it . Save yourself , pick something else .
 When I saw this online I loved it . The colors and the nautical theme were what my husband and wanted for our baby boy . However , when I saw the set at Babiesrus I was disappointed . The pattern was very nice but the bumper was so poorly stuffed as well as the comforter . For $ 199 . Nautica should stuff there comforter and bumper with cotton instead of polyester which made this beautiful set feel cheap.I recommend seeing this set in person before purchasing it online .
 I absolutely loved this set when we bought it ... . then I washed it for the first time . I followed the care instructions and still had seams come apart . I hand sewed them back together and that 's the extent of my sewing skills but after the second washing -LRB- I lined dryed this time -RRB- more seams came apart . I think it 's because they did n't allow enough fabric past the point of the seem and some of the patches are courdoroy and they fray . Really disappointed as I love this set and designed the nursery around it . Going to be returning it .
 I searched everywhere to find the perfect crib set for my son , I LOVED this set online . The first time I washed this the comforter came apart . It has very poor quality stitching . Since I bought this on Amazon I tried to return it & get a new one . They had just stopped working with Babies R Us & told me I would have to call them to return it . Long story short there was not a Babies R Us closer than 2 hours away so unless I drove to the store to return it I was stuck . I wound up having a friend fix it for me but it was alot of work for her , she had to take the whole thing apart & sew it back together again .
 I thought this was a beautiful bedding set for boys ; something he can grow with . To my horror the bedsheet shrunk after the first wash and it no longer fits on my crib mattress . What a disappointment after spending $ 200 . It is a lot of money to spend and still worry about shrinking sheets .
 I ordered this for my sons crib and it was the WORST mistake I 've made !! After the first wash , it started to fray along the edges . After the 2nd wash , all the squares were coming apart and you ca n't sew them back because it would not look right . The little strings that hold the bumpers to the crib are horrible ... some ripped completly off so that section of the bumper does not stay on the crib . I have had the set for 9 months now and i will be replacing it today . It is completely horrible . Looks nice but the quality of it is minus 10 . For the price I paid for it , I expected tons more out of it . I could have gone to the dollar store and probably found something that worked better , that 's how cheap this set is !!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED , do not buy and save your self the money !!
 I recently purchased a Shermag glider , and I was really disappointed with the quality . The moving parts were all painted over , and I hoped this was a one time mess up and ordered another , and then another . When the chair `` glides '' it makes crackling noises as the paint chips off . After three Shermag gliders with the same problems I think we have serious manufacturing problems . Hubby and I have spent HOURS trying to scrape the paint off the metal parts , but unfortunately we can not get to the paint out of the small crevices . I hope that with time the sounds will get less because my contact with Shermag has not yielded any response yet . In addition , one of the three chairs had a broken chair back . I would not buy this again . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- - Sarah
 It looks pretty in the picture but when my husband went to set it up all of the holes were so close together ... the arms curve in and I ca n't even sit in the chair ! we are having to drill new holes to adjust the problem . Its a pretty chair but the seat could only fit a toddler -LRB- and I do n't know any pregnant or nursing mothers with that waist line -RRB- .
 This is an OK product . It will give your baby plenty of side coverage from the sun.That said , the front of it sticks up pretty high -LRB- higher than the photos in this product listing -RRB- and it 's going to take some extra securing to try to get it to tilt down a bit . Two downsides to this problem :1 -RRB- my baby does n't really gain much in terms of concealing from the sun coming through the back window ; 2 -RRB- the top of the product actually obscures the lower 50 % of the middle of my rear view mirror . So reversing and trying to keep track of the distance of cars behind me are both difficult.Also , I ordered white/navy because I figured that would be more reflective of heat , a cooler ride for my baby . But it arrived in black.Overall , it 's of lightweight fabric with wire enforcement inside . Ladies - kind of think like an underwire bra . So in terms of durability ... well , my 6 month old is already enjoying tugging and punching it.You might want to keep looking at your options . If you 're mainly after side-coverage , it might fit what you are looking for .
 This indeed is a solid gate . And when locked proves a sturdy barrier . But there is a top locking `` T '' piece which sticks out horizontally by a few inches . And when your toddler 's eye height reaches approx . 30 '' it has the real potential to either injure it straight on or pluck it out during swinging.This dangerous flaw is found in other metal gates also . Be aware . Recall !! Update 04/04/09
 I bought this gate -LRB- and the KidCo pressure mounted gate -RRB- after reading good reviews . Both had major design flaws in my view . I would not recommend either to anyone.This gate claims that it only opens in one direction to prevent it from opening over the stairs . The mechanism used to do this is two little plastic nubs that do not work . It was very easy to push the gate over the stairs , with only minor resistance.The pressure mounted gate 's latching mechanism is too complicated and made of cheap plastic . There is a small button that you need to press every time you open the gate . If you do n't , the latch breaks . Without fail , everyone who tries to open the gate for the first time does n't press the button . Just a matter of time before it breaks . It 's also difficult to open with one hand.I am an engineer and installed both gates absolutely correctly.Do not buy these gates . And , KidCo , improve your designs .
 You have been warned . The installation for this thing is absolutely horrible.I have to admit that there are not many options out there for this kind of stairway gate , so you may just have to deal with it like me . But if you are in the business of making gates or thinking about going into it , please compete against this company . They have created one of the most annoying and unnecessarily difficult installations of any product I have owned.That being said , the product works and helps protect my child , which , at the end of the day is the only thing that matters.Details on my gripes with them : The instructions are in wordy paragraph form with no visuals to help . It includes hardware of various sizes and shapes that often needs visuals to help explain how they are installed . If it is not perfectly level in all directions or the screws set too deep , it will not latch properly . It seems like developing other hardware that allows for fine tuning and compensation could prevent the need for such accurately level surfaces.The screws are WAY to long and can damage banisters even if using their stairwell kit which says `` no drilling required . '' Such as slap in the face as you have to drill over 10 times per their instructions . Shame on you KidCo!The springs provided are weak and of poor quality . One of ours is already flattened and we just installed it last week . The base `` cap '' that solely prevents the gate from being lifted too high comes off with ease so essentially , a strong kid pushing straight up could pop the entire gate off of its hinges.Without a hefty amount of WD40 , this gate once properly installed , will squeak loadly . Annoying since the child 's room will inevitably be near by.They could also provide rubber pads to prevent the gate from damaging the rest of the house once opened.I hope somebody in the gate-making business reads this and can improve on this poor product .
 I like the metal gate , and we also got the additional banister attachment which worked great . But the latches were horrible . We tried everything we could think of to make it so that a good hard shake would n't release the gate , and nothing worked . Two handymen even looked at it . I will note that we had to install this at a slight angle , since the edge of the wall was not directly across from the banister , so that might have had something to do with it . But it feels like even if it was directly aligned , the way the gate fits into the plastic wall hardware just does n't feel solid . We ended up ditching the top wall latch and macgyvering something together using L-brackets , metal rings , and a carabiner . Not ideal , but it works without having to shell out for another gate . But I 'd never get this one again or recommend it . That being said , I have friends with the same gate , and they paid a professional to install it , and they are very happy with it . So it could be user error or the non-parallel alignment .
 Purchased two of these gates and am not pleased with the quality . They use a cheap malleable plastic for the gate ends and supports . I can guarantee they wo n't last the punishment that kids dish out . I also have a Munchkin gate which uses an allthread and stronger plastic support design . Functions and looks better . -LRB- Just does n't come in black which why I purchased the Kidco -RRB- .
 After a few weeks of use , the hinges started to sag . Once that happened , it became difficult to close securely.My son was pulling on the gate when the latch popped free and the sharp , bare metal bolt that snaps into the latch hit him in the mouth , cutting his lip and knocking him over.When it does manage to close securely -LRB- and you ca n't tell from looking whether it is secure or not -RRB- , it is difficult to open . When it does open , the latch gives way suddenly and violently - I have taken chunks out of my thumb and hand on that same sharp metal bolt.Overall , I think this gate does more harm than good ; it is worth more being junked for scrap metal .
 We bought this gate and returned it within a few days . The gate instructions say that this gate is intended for children 6-24 months . What good is this gate when you really want to prevent your 18 month old to 3 year old from going down the stairs . No where on amazon does it tell you the age requirements/intent for this gate.I started to put this thing together and noticed that the screws that come with the gate are really cheap -LRB- soft metal -RRB- . I stripped a few of them while trying to install the gate . I gave up and sent this gate back.We also noticed that we had to buy extra parts for this gate -LRB- wall connector and no-screw banister connector -RRB- . Overall , this gate did not satisfy our needs . We are in the process of looking for another gate .
 I wanted a hardware mounted gate for the top of the stairs . While I was able to get a rock-solid mount on wood -LRB- I made my own bannister installation kit using 2x2s from the hardware store -RRB- , I do n't feel very comfortable with the safety of the closing mechanism itself . First of all , it is really difficult to make sure that it is closed and I do n't trust that anyone but my husband and I to really understand that you have to make sure that both the top and bottom bolts are in the `` divets . '' The problem is that you can hear the gate `` click '' even if the bottom bolt is n't in there properly , which is really deceptive to babysitters and grandparents who do n't understand this quirk . Second , you are relying on these two plastic `` divets '' with the safety of your child . I feel like a really good shake by my 2 year old daughter -LRB- who loves to climb on this thing - it is totally an attractive nuisance - and now opens her own bedroom door at night -RRB- could unlock the gate . After having this up for a year and always feeling a little nervous about it , I 've decided to invest in yet another gate - the Evenflo top of stairs gate - which one of our friends has and , though made of wood , has a * metal * latch that seems more secure - that will be the third gate I 've bought for this space.On the positive side , I like that it opens wide . Even though it is n't supposed to open both ways , it does -LRB- the gate depends on this tiny little plastic pin to prevent it from opening in both directions - the pin fell out about 100 times -LRB- despite constant gluing -RRB- before we gave up on that - or , more likely , lost the pin . But I actually find it convenient to have the gate open over the stairs sometimes . Because of how the gate hangs , it stays open when it is n't locked . Due to the layout of our upstairs hall , when the kids are downstairs and you do n't need to have the gate locked , the gate is more out of the way when it is hanging over the stairs , making it easier to come downstairs with a load of laundry in your arms , etc. I also have this gate installed at the bottom of the stairs and wo n't be replacing that one . But it makes me too nervous to use it any longer at the top of the stairs .
 Part of the hardward was missing from the product we purchased . We were not able to put up the gate for weeks .
 This gate does not come with the hardware necessary for installing in drywall . It was also extremely difficult to line up and install correctly . The directions have no pictures -LRB- besides the pictures of the parts , labeled at the back -RRB- . If I installed it again I would still have the same problems -LRB- ie . It 's not that I just did n't ` get it ' the first time -RRB- .
 We have two of these gates and are very unhappy with our decision . We will be trashing them once we find something to replace them with . They are sturdy once you can get them to latch properly -LRB- the only reason they get 2 stars -RRB- . The install process was tedious and frustrating . Once installed , it is very difficult to actually get them to latch properly . You have to have strong fingers to pull up the latch when opening the gate and your fingers sit on a screw , not on the metal part . It 's annoying and painful . Safe gate , just a bad design .
 Not easy to open and close when you are carrying a baby up and down the stairs . It 's not very satable and secure .
 We requested and received this as a gift since our 12-month-old was just starting to be mobile . When we got the gate , we were n't impressed by the plastic -LRB- ! -RRB- fixtures on the wall , but it seemed sturdy enough so we did n't worry about it . We really tested it and it was secure.The problem did n't happen until about 3 months in when my daughter was able to break one of the welded bars out of the gate . She 's not super strong , she 's just toddling around and using stuff for support . I have no other children . Fortunately we never let her be alone near the gate so we saw the problem before anything disastrous happened . Still , what kind of company would sell gates with workmanship shoddy enough for this?Stay away , they clearly use cheap labor and/or cheap materials . ******** -LSB- updated , 1/11 -RSB- ************************************************* I uploaded pictures of the weld break into this product 's image gallery . You may need to see all images for them to come up since there were other images already posted before mine.I just got the letter KidCo wrote responding to the Product Safety Commission , into which I was copied . They formally determined that the gate had been `` worn out from use beyond normal installations for which it was intended . '' We just opened the new box and installed it , there was no other use of the gate . Nobody mistreated it or was too rough with it , it was only really opened a few times daily.KidCo suggested that some children jump on their gates , breaking them , and that might be what happened here . I have no other children , and my young daughter could barely stand , let alone climb on a gate and jump . My husband and I have no reason to want to do that -LRB- plus it will break out of the wall since the screws are n't that big -RRB- and we have no cousins or other visiting children . So that explanation is impossible.I have no personal vendetta against this company , but I 'm really concerned that they appear to be sweeping this under the rug . My child could have fallen down the stairs due to their faulty materials and/or craftsmanship . This is important and they do n't seem interested in fixing the problem.Those of you who had problems with it , you may want to file a report with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission as well to encourage KidCo to look deeper into the design of this product .
 I purchased this gate on line because I could not find a similar gate in a local store . Installing it was a bit time consuming but not horrible . The door itself is solid enough to withstand the constant shaking from my 1 year old daughter . However , the reason I gave this door one star is the latching mechanism . All of our other baby gates will latch on their own when you close it . If you look closely at the picture , you will see that there are two large bolts , one at the bottom and the other at the top of the gate . You have to lift the gate slightly so the bolts can hang on the cradles that hold the gate shut . There is no way you can swing the door and have it latch automatically . Compared to the one gate I purchased after installing this one , the gate that automatically latches is much , much better . Also , the bolts keep comming lose no matter how tightly I secure them . When that happens , I ca n't close the gate without taking out my pliers and tightening them again .
 The KidCo Safeway gate works well with crawling babies but if you have an older child , 26 '' or taller , beware . Two long , rudimentary bolts extend out past the gate , top and bottom , to secure it to the wall or railing . The top bolt is directly in the path of a child 's head and they can run into it if the gate is accidentally left open . It is not-self closing like other models.We installed it yesterday and it 's coming down today . No way I 'm leaving this up with 2 '' bolts sticking out and a four year-old in the house.For a safer alternative with rounded edges , that ca n't be climbed and can be mounted for stairs , consider theThe First Years Everywhere Gate .
 For anyone with a very small margin of error on dimensions , the gate height listed here -LRB- 30.5 '' -RRB- is misleading . While that is the height of the gate , the height required for mounting it -LRB- the distance from the floor to the top of the bracket on the template -RRB- is 31.5 '' on the hinge side and 33.5 '' on the latch side . Unfortunately this means it is impossible for me to install in the location I purchased it for .
 This is a well designed and well built gate . The installation directions were clear and I followed them carefully . Unfortunately , the template provided to locate the mounting brackets did not match my gate . It was off by about 1/2 inch . That is enough to prevent the gate from latching after installation . If I had simply laid out the latched gate on the template , I would have seen the error and prevented several hours of wall repair and re-installation work.I would buy this gate again but I would throw away the installation template and use some common sense to install it . If it had not been for the unforgivable template error , I would give this gate four stars .
 I do n't know if the manufacturer hired people to write reviews for this thing or people just have no clue about what they review but here is my honest two cents : Pros : - It 's white - It 's metal - Free shipping thru AmazonCons : - It sucks in all aspects ! 1 . It takes FOREVER to put it together2 . The templates for installation was n't straight so I had to go back and drill more holes in the wall3 . The locking mechanism seems less sturdy than a pressure mount4 . Everything just seems flimsy and not the material you 'd want to protect your child with from falling down the stairs -LRB- Specially the locking mechanism -RRB- 5 . There are no screws for the dry wall so unless you have your own special mounting screws , you are are screwed ! 6 . The directions are not that clear and the set up is just wayyyy too complicated7 . Poor designWhat can I say ? I was duped by all the misleading reviews so I ordered it . Had it not been for the 2 hours that I spent setting it up , it would have been sent right back.Moral of the story my friends , do n't trust ALL the positive reviews as they can mislead you .
 When we first put this gate up , I thought it was great and for the first month saw no problems at all . But , after only a month , my 11 month old son has learned where to push to unlock it . He has never actually opened it up on his own , but he has unlocked it -LRB- I always get to him before he pushes it open . We will be removing this gate and finding one that he would not be able to open on his own , since that 's pretty much the point !
 Because the gate is quite heavy , we decided to be extra cautious and use anchors . Less than three months later , it completely came out of the wall . Thankfully , our son was no where near the gate at the time . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 This is one of the most difficult items ive ever installed . If you 're not a master carpenter , do n't bother . Hardware templates are not even close to matching and the hinge is JUNK . Instructions are the worst ive ever seen , and my 1 year old , who the gate is designed to protect , and happens to be completely illiterate , could 've written better instructions . My rating and review might be different if the product came w a few sessions of marital counseling , or a low flat rate criminal defense retainer , bc attempting to install is guaranteed to result in an argument and/or one spouse being charged w homicide .
 Works great at first , then gets rust/corrosion and breaks . One of the bars broke from the weld/sauder after 3-4 years , thus creating an injury hazard to my infant . Immediately replaced gate with the Munchkin Extender 2100 , from Target . The Munchkin is much better . Will review that next .
 After an hour + of reading and deciphering poorly written directions , my husband and I finally got this gate installed . We are truly underwhelmed . It is difficult to use , the stops barely work , and the latching mechanism has already fallen apart once in the single day it 's been in use . Normally I am really good at installation-type things , too ! This made Ikea furniture assembly look like the easiest thing on earth.For nearly $ 60 , and for protection on an old , steep , 2-story flight of stairs , I am really disappointed . Of course , we 've already disposed of the packaging , and taking it apart to return it would be a huge pain in the ass . We 'll try to improvise a better stop , be a little more gentle with it , and hope for the best - but I would really recommend against this one . There has to be something better out there .
 DO NOT BUY THIS HUNK OF JUNK !!! This baby gate is utterly ridiculous . It is made of heavy metal , but the parts that attach it to the wall ? Cheap plastic !!! Tiny little screws !!! Does that make sense ??? My mom and I spent a good amount of time battling it as a result of the AWFUL instruction manual . Why put the written portion in one section , and pictures in another ?? I recommend instead the EvenFlo gate . It 's significantly less expensive and the instruction manual is better . The gate is made of wood , the hardware that attaches it to the wall is METAL . Much safer , I think !
 To install this gate you have to drill into the wood stair banister . We did n't want to do this . There is an option to purchase an installation kit for $ 30 . We did n't want to spend that much on a gate , as we needed to buy 2 . We opted for the Regalo top of stairs gate . They come with a gripper and sturdy Velcro straps so you do n't need to drill into wood . I did give the Kidco gate 2 stars because it is easy to open/close and has a stopping mechanism so that the gate does n't swing open over the top of the stairs .
 I usually do not write feedback but felt I should . I received these gates in the mail . I ordered white but got black . Not that big of a deal I used the black instead . I had a handy man/carpenter install them for us . Within 3 days it was broken . This is not even a high traffic area . My husband and I did not abuse the gate . We used it how the instructions stated but there was a plastic piece that broke off which rendered the entire gate useless . I would not buy this gate ! I thought it would be good because I read consumer reports but was wrong.In all fairness to the seller I have not tried to contact them to see if I can still return it .
 I purchased this carrying bag along with a Compass Booster seat , mostly for use during airline travel . The seat fits into the bag quite well . The reason for my 2 star rating is that the material -LRB- nylon and zipper -RRB- used to construct the bag seem very lightweight and flimsy and in my opinion it will only be a matter of time before the bag rips or the zipper fails . For the $ 20 price tag , I expected more durable materials .
 This is very poor quality even for the price . Ordered it for a donation drive I was doing and felt embarrassed gifting it .
 These really dont do anything special . The AVENT bottles are a great way to waste your money . Shame on Philips for guilting people into buying AVENT products . There are many many many more products that will do the same thing for 1/5 the price.Every time I see these I think of all the OTHER things I could have bought !
 I purchased this sunshade because I would often be travelling alone with my newborn and it would be able to be controlled from the front seat . However , once I got it set up and turned the unit on I found that the shade would not come down unless manually pulled down . The shade retracts with no problems though.I am looking forward to puchasing a shade that adheres to my window
 I bought this sunshade for the sole purpose that I would be able to push a button and have it roll up on its own at night . I always have trouble seeing through when it is dark.Okay , in order to get the sunshade to work you have to push a button on the actual shade . . which is NOT convienent if you are strapped into your seatbelt in the front seat.Also , it hardley EVER works to roll up . I push the button then push the remote and it just makes alot of noise , but never goes up ! It comes down fine most of the time , but I could have just as easily pulled down the FREE shade I had!As I stated , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 This was a horibble product . It does n't allow you to use the remote feature unless you turn on the button on the unit and it the unit is left on overnight the batteries die . So you would have to turn it on and off each time you get into the car to make it function . Not only that but the motor is so poor that ours quit working shortly after purchase . Fisher price needs to rethink this item . I love there products and toys but this one was an awful experience . Spend your money on the sunshade they make that is a stick on that changes to clear at night . Cheaper and much better !
 I have ordered this ornament for all my grandchildren it is beautiful . The condition of this ornament was awful the metal was terrible it was so stained . I ordered two others only girl ornaments from a different vendor and they were in pristine condition . Unfortunately , I kept the boy ornament since I wanted all seven of my grandchildren to have the same ornaments and it 's no longer available .
 I bought this bed for my two year old child , when it first came a piece of wood that was to be placed in the middle to set up the bed was found broken . When the bed was finally set up another smaller piece of middle wood was found broken again . I will not advise anyone to buy this bed because if you have a jumping toddler all the wood that makes up the middle compartment will soon be broken . Cute but not sturdy.CR M.D
 This bed is very cute , looks nice , and has lasted about two years . It wo n't last through another child . The drawer never would line up quite right -LRB- one side came out more than the other due to imperfections in manufacturing -RRB- and was n't very sturdy feeling when opening - now it hardly works , though perhaps some new screws could make it feel less flimsy . The slats that go across the bed to hold the mattress are mostly broken - I have placed a board across them to hold the mattress . The wood is soft and has some scratches in it , which I think is to be expected of a wood product and is not * that * noticeable . Unfortunately it just is n't going to make it through another child and all the broken slats are not easily replaced -LRB- if at all -RRB- . Too bad , it is cute otherwise !
 We purchased this as we needed something so my little one would stop pressing the buttons on the TV . Our TV did have a cover but our little one broke it . So we purchased this and put it on the Tv and within an hour , it was off . Total waste of money .
 I love the fact that I can see how and what my child is doing , but this monitor only works half the time . It completely stopped working after 2 years so we bought another one -LRB- there are n't that many out there in the stores to choose from -RRB- . The new one has a fixed antenna which will not move to help secure a better picture like the first one . The picture is clear during the morning/day and in the evening/night , the picture gets quite static . The sound is not bad , but the louder you have it , the more static you hear . I like the size of the screen ... if I could actually see my child when I wanted too .
 My husband and I originally bought this item by mistake at Babies ' R Us . It was on the wrong shelf and we thought it was $ 100 , but when we went through checkout , we found out it was more , but decided to just go ahead and get this one anyway . When we got home and tried it out the screen had a big fuzzy black line in the middle of it . We figured it was just a bad one and we would take it back into the store and return it . Later that week we took it to the store and returned it . Brought it back home , tried it out and this one , the screen was totally messed up ! Well , we really wanted this particular monitor because of the features it had , so we were going to try once more . We took it back to the store and this time we asked them if we could try it out before we drove all the way home . They agreed and they ended up trying out about 3 before we finally realized that this product is just horrible ! They said it must have been a bad shipment , but still!One good thing , the store was very cooperative and apologetic .
 I have researched so many monitors , I could write a thesis . We 've had a Lorex for sometime now in our baby 's room and screen in ours UNTIL it started clicking/popping at night . So , I decided to buy 2 different kinds of monitors at once and compare and take the ` lesser operating ' one back . Well , the other brand is charging as I type , so I hooked this Summer one up - no charging needed ... . GREAT picture ... in the dark -LRB- w / nightlight in room -RRB- - kudos in that dept. BUT , it 's the white static noise that we CAN NOT deal with . If it were SOFT white noise , fine . But , nope , harsh static ... no sleep static ... sleep is n't happening static , sooo back to the store this puppy goes.HOWEVER , if you only want to use this during the day and/or that sound does n't bother you , then - GREAT picture , clarity & nice big screen .
 I bought this camers cause i had a very premature baby.I had a diffrent brand with my son and i loved it worked great but boys will be boys he broke it.picked it up and threw it so ihad to buy another one when my daughter came home from the hospital.i could n't find the same one , So i bought this one did n't have it two weeks and the screen went out on it all i get is ablack screen and the recepition is bad its always making funky noises.But i did n't take insurance out on it so i could n't return it.So here i am tring to find another with out wasting a hundred and some dollars
 I 've had three , that 's right 3 , of these baby monitors . When you first buy them they work well - then they break . And , they all break the same way . The screen starts to flicker until you get a small horizontal solid line . The audio will continue to work , but you ca n't seen anything on the screen . Summer knows about this and will replace your monitor for $ 50 or give you a new one if you complain enough . This is clearly a defective product and they are just betting that most people wo n't complain about it . They should recall the product or take it off of the market , but wo n't as long as people keep buying it . Choose another video monitor or save yourself some money and buy an audio monitor instead ; because that 's all you 'll have with this unit several months from now .
 The idea of this product is great . We get so much static that it 's almost impossible for us to even use this , I 've been startled numerous times in the middle of the night . It 's so loud at night that we have to turn the volume down almost all the way , which totally defeats the purpose . When there 's a lot of static the picture is so distorted you ca n't see anything . You ca n't leave the screen on at night because it lights up the entire room . The picture is n't very clear , so it 's hard to watch for detailed movement - like breathing . I would not recommend this product .
 Bottom line
 We bought one of these in spring of 2006 when our son was about 5 mos old , and it worked great with no problems . About 18 mos later , however , the cord started to fail such that the monitor would n't come on unless we moved the cord around to some random `` magic spot . '' -LRB- Move around as in , turn the part that goes into the back of the monitor . -RRB- One day last week , the cord finally just died , and we could n't get the monitor to come back on at all . The next day , we bought a new one of the very same monitor , and it 's AWFUL . The picture is fine , but we were up til 2:30 am the first night , trying to find a place where the monitor did n't make this horrible , repetitive , endless static noise . I finally ended up sleeping alone in our guest room because I could n't take it anymore . We 're returning it today , and I do n't care if we have to spend $ 300 on something else , as long as it does n't make that noise .
 I had this monitor for the first 6 months of my sons life . That was untill the screen suddenly stopped working . From the start , my husband complained about the constant buzzing sound the it made . We ended up with a Sony monitor that is voice activated and love it .
 I received this product as a gift from Target and it DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY . The picture is OK most of the time , but there was so much static , that I had to keep the volume down all the way . I tried to return it to Target , but they would n't take it back so now I am stuck with this $ 100 piece of junk . I wish the product would have come from Amazon so I could get my money back . This product stinks !
 The product worked great while it lasted but after a year , the video quit working -LRB- the audio still works -RRB- . We were very disappointed especially because of the amount of money we paid for it .
 I bought this baby carrier with amazon but I have returned it asap . It was in great condition and I got a fast and complete refund , so I 'm not complaining . I just want to share a piece of advise
 This really hurts my shoulders and my baby does n't like it . She gets fussy and cries when I try to put her into a cradle position and gets tired fast if I hip-carry her . The main thing is that after 10 minutes of carrying her -LRB- my baby 's just 15 #s -RRB- , my shoulder hurts so much that I ca n't use the sling anymore .
 Let me start by saying , I am a very easy going consumer . I rarely complain about products , companies or customer service people . I realize how hard their jobs are and how many frustrated people they deal with ... Allright ... to the review : I found the tray to be lovely , but NEVER rec ` vd the hardware for the tray . In addition , the customer service at BabyAGE was terrible . The return policy is terrible . One needs `` authorization to return '' any item . Further , they DO NOT offer refunds , only store credit.I tried to return the tray for a different color and had to speak to the one Customer Return Rep , who never answered her phone , in order to get `` approval '' to return the item . I spoke with several Customer Service Reps , who said they would take care of the matter , and would get the information to the their Returns Rep immediately . Every time I called to say it WAS NOT taken care of , they said they would fix the problem . They did not . In addition , they were rude and snappy on the phone , despite my constant over-politenss . I was , finally , able to get someone to approve the return almost 4 weeks later . When they rec ` vd the tray , I was told they would not give me a credit b.c I did not return the hardware -LRB- the very hardware I never rec ` vd -RRB- . This resulted in several more attempts to reach the Returns Rep. -LRB- another 2 weeks -RRB- . I was finally given a credit after threatening to report them to my visa card company for investigation . Even then , I was told I would receive a call back immmediately . I did not receive a call , but was sent an email with a store credit number , no explanation , just a number.In short I will NEVER order from BabyAge again .
 My review concerns the 2005 Zippy . I do n't see many differences in the 2006 model , so I think this review still applies . Here goes ... PROS :1 . Very easy to assemble2 . Stylish3 . Feels very sturdy -- you can tell it 's a quality productCONS :1 . HEAVY HEAVY HEAVY -- I find it to be an absolute pain to get in and out of the car .2 . Difficult to steer -- my daughter is only 17 lbs and when I 'm pushing her around in the Zippy I feel like I 'm pushing a shopping cart full of groceries .3 . The basket is small and inaccessible .4 . Bulky when folded -- takes up a ton of room in the trunk of my car .5 . Pretty darn expensive for what you get.Would I buy this stroller again ? Probably not . I did a lot of research before buying my stroller , and I really thought it was the best fit for my needs . It 's great for walks around the neighborhood in all kinds of weather , but I think $ 300 + is a heck of a lot of money to spend on a stroller you would only use for walks.I 've tried and tried to give this stroller a chance , but every time I use it I 'm disappointed . I 've just switched to a MUCH cheaper lightweight stroller , and I could n't be happier . Alas , the Zippy is collecting dust in the corner .
 because the customer service is non-existent . For this price point , buy nearly anything else . Company motto should be `` sucks to be you . ''
 I got this item to use during a road trip from TX to MS with my 1 y/o twins . Once I got it buckled into place , my kids were able to just knock it right off . This tray is not secure at all . It might be easier to use with older kids .
 I really want to like this product -- it 's a great idea , useful and decently made , easy to clean , good size ... but it just did not fit my daughter 's car seat . She 's 3 years old in a Britax Roundabout , I 've had the Taby Tray for over a year and have tried several different configurations to get it to stay up . But since the car seat does not have armrests , the tray leans forward and down so everything spills off . The one thing I have n't tried is installing a pole from the van floor to the bottom of the tray to keep it from tipping forward . I ended up giving up and instead purchased a `` Go Anywhere Table and Footrest '' from onestepahead.com . That tray is smaller , but it has a post that adjusts vertically and can tilt so nothing falls off.The Taby Tray would probably work well for a car seat that has arm rests , like the example pictured , but did not work with the kind of car seat we have .
 This is a wonderful idea , but it did not fit our Brittax Blvd. car seat . The tray tilted to far forward and down . I tried to install it many different ways , it just would not work . I had to return it .
 In looking at the dimensions of your inflatable baby tub , it states that this tub is 2.75 inches x 9.38 inches x 8.88 inches . This is ridiculous . I could n't even fit my toy poodle into something like that . It sounds like you are describing a pan . I was interested in purchasing this , but certainly not going to take a chance based on erroneous dimensions like that .
 we 've had these for 6 months now ... they were great at first , but now none of the spill proof parts fit together the way they used to and it leaks ... too bad , we still have n't found a good spill proof sippy cup : -LRB-
 The picture of the two sippy cups does not match what you get . It made ordering confusing , as the pictured cups are 12 oz. , not the 7 oz . that you are ordering . In general it 's a good product , the lids do n't leak at all , the 7 oz . cups are n't shaped as well for gripping either .
 I have like 6 of these cups because they were one of the only cups my son would use . THEY SUCK ! They leak everywhere out of the side ! it is like a constant drip and when monkey bangs them then the valve comes loose and we have an even bigger mess . Very disappointing . Hope I can find a great cup .
 I dont really like this item because of the stopper inside . The piece that 's supposed to allow liquid through when your child sucks on the cup is too firm and my 1 year old can not get anything to come out . Sure its spill proof ... . because you ca n't even suck the liquid out of this cup . Never fear ... . your never gon na spill any liquid with this cup , cause you ca n't get it out !!!!
 I ordered the Daisies Crib Bedding Collection and I am NOT satisfied . The quality of the fabric is beyond horrible and the set is n't able to be broken down into single parts . When I received the collection I thought it looked beautiful . But that was the end of it . It `` LOOKS '' beautiful . Once washed it looked like a rats nest . The wrinkles are unbelievable on the cheap fabric . I ca n't believe I spent over $ 100 on this set . If I could afford to mail it back , I would . I will be sure to tell all my mommy friends that JoJo Designs is a horrible product and to not purchase anything from you.MelisaDissatisfied Customer
 These are the cutest cups on the market ... the only problem is that the first time you wash them in the dishwasher -LRB- on the top rack as recommended -RRB- , the outer plastic warps so badly that the cups no longer stand up on a surface , so you ca n't store them in your cabinets or set them on a table !! They also crack and begin to leak moisture.Then , when you contact customer service , even if you return them within the warranty period , Evenflo will only replace them with the same totally awful cups -LRB- unless of course you want to spend more money on one of their pricier products , say , a carseat -RRB- . My recommendation is to forget the Evenflo gimmicky cups and go for the good old stand-by
 These sippy cups leak after you run them through the dishwasher the first time . Not just a little leak either , quite a bit !
 Mine did not even make it to the dishwasher , like the other reviewers ' , before they started leaking . The little valves do n't seal tight enough to keep the liquid in . Sometimes the valve even pops out , letting the liquid run free . If your child sets it down on its side , you will have a puddle to wipe up every time . No parent wants a cup they have to clean up behind all day . Its a shame that these very cute cups are so useless !
 Though this gate was wide enough to accommodate our 4 ' wide stairway , it was so flimsy that my husband had to reinforce it at the bottom with a piece of 1x2 the length of the gate . If either of my 18 mo. old twins were to fall against it they would have went right through it !
 This is not a gate for large openings ... this is for smaller openings ...
 This bedding set looks so nice in the picture , so I ordered the entire collection ... When i opened the package i was so disappointed ! The pink and the yellow are way too strong -LRB- completly different from what they appear to be in the picture -RRB- , the quality is very poor , the bumper is so thin that it wrinckles inside the crib and overall it looks very cheap ... I 'm very frustrated with this purchase and i would n't recommend it to anyone !
 Cheap fabric
 I bought this when I was pregnant with my daughter , who is now 8 months old . It 's really cheap fabric . Is not soft at all . Bumper wo n't fit the crib right , and falls over , the ties easily tore off as well . I am extremely disappointed in this product .
 Do not let the picture fool you . This was the worst quality bedding I have ever seen ! As for the `` soft muted tones '' forget it . It looks like someone played color outside the lines and the pinks are not pink they are florescent . One look even through the package and you can see how cheap the material is . There is nothing soft about it . The bumper would be completely useless if you are looking for it to stay up . I would not let me worst enemy let alone my child sleep on this . It is amazing what they can do with photography these days . And as far as the return policy forget that to . This company expects you to foot the bill to return it and they really do not care that they are selling low rate bedding .
 These were too big to fit our GE oven knobs . We never used them and ended up throwing them away .
 Okay these things might work okay , but they are cheap cheap cheap . They broke apart pretty quickly offering no protection.So yeah , it may work ... but then they break and you think to yourself `` yeah , that was a waste of money ''
 Ok , not literally could our cat open it but once you install it it is very very easy to pry it off . You do n't even have to use the button to open it just squeeze the sides in gently and `` pop '' off it comes . NOT safe .
 Knobs are big and fit over our stove knobs just fine , that 's good . The bad
 These simply do n't fit a Thermador Professional Range . Your stove needs removable knobs as well as a flat surface under the knobs for these to adhere .
 These were childproof for a while until my son turned two . Now he can easily get them to open . Just recently , he opened one and then turned on the knob to our gas stove filling the kitchen with the smell of gas . Luckily , it was n't on for long before I noticed and was able to open up all the windows to air out the smell of gas . So now I need to look for a different child proofing alternative . : -LRB-
 We bought these in our first round of babyproofing , maybe too early , and by the time he was tall enough to reach the knobs , they had melted and/or the caps did n't work or came off completely . Our oven door is directly under the knobs , so maybe they 'd work better on a different type of stove . I just think they should be more heat resistant ... and maybe a little easier to open -LRB- sometimes , after they started to wear , I 'd need two hands , so I 'd hafta set down what I had in the other hand ... a little annoying -RRB- . Anyway , we 're just teaching him `` dangerous '' and `` hot '' and that really seems to be working better than gadgets , right now .
 Well , the knobs are just an inconvenience , and because you can not really see through it well , my dad ended up leaving the stove on very low for 2 days before I picked up the pan and realized it had never been turned off.We will not be putting them back on , they are n't very childproof either .
 It was not as expected because i thought that it would fit comfortably . It said on the description that it was universal but it is very uncomfortable . Very disappointed .
 my toddler can open these without effort . in fact , if i bump one of these covers with my hand , they pop open . i do n't understand how these can be sold for the stated purpose ; do not rely on these to kid-proof your stove , they are worse than having nothing because they can lull parents into a false sense of security .
 When I put these covers on my stove , the kids immediately thought the stove was even more fun to play with ! And they 're not very secure . My son pulled them open with almost no effort at all . Now I 'll just be keeping the knobs off of the stove and putting them on only when I need them .
 The joints melt within a week . It just ca n't take the heat from the stove or from the oven that is underneath the stove . So the knob cover is hardly usable for a week and then you need to replace it . I am still looking for some reliable cover that would last more than a week and protect the stove knob from my 19 month old really active son .
 I bought these thinking they would not only prevent my husband and I from accidentally turning the burners or oven on -LRB- since you do not have to push ours in to turn on the gas -RRB- but it would also prevent my large dog and my son from doing the same . Well , much to my disappointment this is not how it worked out . My husband , I , and my dog all end up lightly bumping these bulky covers and turning on the gas !! And to make it worse ... I thought I could use them make sure the knob stays put while cooking and I ca n't even the slightest touch when the gas is already on , they move!Essentially , I would not purchase these at all . Many times now I have walked into our house after being out and the gas will be on -LRB- with the knobs fully closed and the gas off before we left -RRB- and the only one home to move them is my golden retriever . Either that 's one hell of a smart dog or an awfully flawed and unreliable product.the problem
 The theory of these are great . And they look well made and nice . The problem we had is that they actual hang quite low and in front of our oven door . It 's impossible to open or close the oven without taking them off . You might want to measure if you plan on buying these . Ours actually got super hot as well and we were worried about melting . We returned them and now just take of the knobs and put them back on when needed . It 's actually less hassle than these .
 perfect solution for my toddler who insists on reaching for our gas stove knobs . unfortunately within 2 weeks 1 of the knobs has already broken . disappointing .
 The knobs on my gas range have to be pushed in to turn them , and the design of these covers prevents that . With the covers on , the knobs can barely attach to the range and come off with the slightest pull . Have n't been able to use them once .
 I agree with the other one-star reviewers here -- had I come to Amazon first , I would not have wasted my money . I got these because our two-year-old grandson was staying with us and , being a curious kid who likes to push every button and turn every knob in sight , he was soon trying to turn on the gas oven and stove . So we got and installed these covers . Within minutes he discovered them -- and became even MORE fascinated with the stove ! He immediately began spinning them around on the knobs , and it took less than a minute for him to figure out that if you pull upward , the cover and the knob come right off together ! Now he had a fascinating new `` rattle '' to carry around -- and probably lose my stove knob in the bargain . Our solution ? We took the real knobs off the stove , period . We keep them in a high cupboard and only get one out when we need it to cook . As for these clear covers , they 're are still in the closet -- maybe I can use them to display insect specimens or something ? Useful as knob locks they are NOT !
 Save your eight dollars and just take off the knobs for a while . I store them in a locked cabinet and then when I cook I just put them back on then remove them when Im done . Then when your child is old enough just put them back on . I have found this to be the easiest method of protection concerning stoves.PS I also had the same problems as below thats how I came to this idea
 - As soon as we installed the covers , the first thing my husband and I noticed was how difficult they were to open for cooking . The plastic pieces you need to push on to open the covers do not give.-The covers come apart very easily and fall off , exposing the stove knobs.-The covers are not heat resistant . That does n't make sense to me since they are meant to be used on stoves . If you leave the oven door open for just a few minutes , of if your oven has vents under the knobs , the covers melt and warp right away.-The worst part was , my 9 month old daughter was easily able to pull the covers -LRB- with knobs -RRB- off completely .
 I bought these after we moved because our new house had knobs on the front instead of on the counter surface . THey fit my oven knobs very loosely so my son likes to make them spin around and around . Also a few of my knobs pull off easily . My son just grabs hold of the covers and off they come , both knob and cover . Then it 's a neat toy with the knob rattling around inside the cover . They do keep him from turning on the stove so they do what their suppose to . I 'm just not sure if it 's worth it . It probably depends on your stove .
 * These covers are not universal by any means . The knobs on my 10-year-old Kenmore wo n't even fit inside them . The covers are about 1/8 '' too small in diameter . * They are big , bulky and unsightly , and they draw attention to the knobs , making them more interesting to curious toddlers . * And , as someone else stated , the latch to get them open has no give at all , you practically need a flathead screwdriver to pry it open.Too much trouble and not worth the money.Just take the knobs off and lock them away until it 's time to use them .
 These locks seemed ok at first , but within a month of having them my 13 month old is able to open them with ease . Definitely not childproof !
 they lasted about an hour on my stove , untill my 2 yr old pulled them right off . now shes running around the house with her new favorite rattles . after getting them off the stove it only took her seconds to figure out how to open them . would not recommend product .
 These knobs worked for my kids , however they had to be replaced multiple times already , as they break . If you cook a lot , these are not very resistant to breaking .
 I was very happy with these covers the first week . However , my 14 month old was able to learn within less then a month that if he just grabs and pulls , they come right open and he can get to the stove knobs . They may slow him down a little , but they definately do not keep him away from the stove knobs : -LRB-
 I never write reviews - but wanted to mention that as soon as I put these on , my 13 month walked over and open up the safety knob right away . Defeats the purpose to have these if she can open them . I removed them right way , as I did n't want anything on the stove that would peak her attention .
 These covers will not work if you have a Viking or if you need to push in to turn the gas on . I wished they specify this in the product description so you do n't to waste time buying and returning them .
 This product is a joke ! My 20 month old figured out how to open them in 3 days . I now have resorted to taking the knobs off of my stove . Do not waste your money on these knob covers . They do n't deter little hands !
 These work . I have 2 small children who are both > 90 percentil height and thus got to the stove knobs quickly . These work to stop them from turning on the stove . However , the plastic is too brittle and they break at the hinge in normal use . I 'm on my second set . I bought the second set out of desperation . I knew they had a serious design flaw -LRB- too little material at the hinge and brittle plastic -RRB- , but I had no choice as nothing else I could find would fit my stove . E-mails to the company about their poor durability produced only patronizing responses.In short , buy them if you have to for safety , but do n't expect them to last more than a few months .
 This product does it 's job until you toddler breaks them . They are not strong , super easy to open , and a waste of money . The hinges practically fall apart when they get opened and pulled on . Unfortunately I do n't think they are many other products on the market . So we bought them . Again they are great until they get opened and broken . We have replaced 3 in a year with our 21 mo old .
 I just bought the knobs and they are terrible !!!! I have so much trouble opening them . DO NOT BUY IT !!!! IT 'S A WASTE OF MONEY , it 's better to just remove all knobs off your stove and use one when you need it .
 These fall off extremely easy and do not hold the knobs on . One feel off into my oven when I was baking . I 've removed them for now .
 My 14 month old can open two at a time , one with each hand . I love the concept , but these are a joke . You 're supposed to have to push the button to open them , but you do n't , you can simply pull them open.Save your money !
 Like everyone here , I purchased these to keep curious and prying toddler fingers from having access to the knobs on our stove . I picked these up at a local retailer and hurried home to put them on our stove.Surprise and disappointment # 1
 These stove knobs were highly recommended by my sister-in-law . However , as soon as we installed them , my 1 year old twins figured out how to open them . Waste of money .
 We thought -LRB- and still think -RRB- that these covers would be a good idea to have with 2 kids around the house . The problem is that plastic part that covers the stove knob , protrudes off of the stove an inch or two and within a few months they were all knocked off . This may only be a problem with us , since the stove is sort of in a position where people walk right by it and are able to swipe the covers off .
 Our 1-year-old opened two of these in under 5 minutes . Also , they make the stove knobs more appealing to play with . These just do n't work unless your kid is too short to reach them : - P
 worked for my first born , however when we purchased new ones for my second son he quickly figured them out . curious boy that he is quickly discovered how to open and close them and pull them off .
 Bought these knob covers about 2 months back . Easy to install and does make it difficult for my 2 year old to turn the knobs.Hinges on two of these covers have already broken with the constant opening and closing several times a day over two months . I am looking at the alternatives to replace this already .
 They suck , my DS broke ALL of them off . I dont think i even had these for 2 months . Quality is not there - how can this work if the kids break them all off ?
 My fourteen-month-old can just touch the knobs on the stove , now , so they have n't been tested by nimble toddler fingers yet . The issue that happened with me is when I used my broiler and left the door open to let the smoke escape , it melted two of the knobs at the hindges . Plastic ... extreme heat ... I should have known better . I had to do some repair work with a file to get them working again . I do find they open easy for me , and I 'm not bothered by opening and closing them every time I need to cook . But if they open that easy , I 'm nervous they may not work with my child . I guess at that point we 'll just remove the knobs completely and store them out of site until we need to cook .
 I bought this as my large puppy had jumped up and hit it while everyone was at work or school and turned on the gas . It does not easily fit all stove but if it did it seems like a good product . Yes , she should have been crated at the time ~
 My son figured out how to open then before he turned 15 month old and now he is 21 month old and broke 2 of them ... . so I am not very happy ...
 # 1 problem I noticed is that it made both the knob and the cover easier to pull off . I figured I could live with that since he still could not turn my stove on.Then I tried to use my oven . First time using my oven the knobs melted . Now only 2 of my 5 knobs work the others were so melted they do n't work any longer.This may be okay if it was stated that they are n't heat resistant , and their was an easy way to remove them every time you wanted to cook , but it just does n't work like that.I hope this helps you decide which covers are best for you and your family .
 They did n't work on my mothers oven . I purchased them because she has dementia and keeps trying to cook on the stove top . We removed the knobs , but she somehow finds a way to turn the stove on , so we had to turn the gas off .
 These are great to keep our kids from turning on the stove , however the hinge joint is pretty weak and these are easily broken .
 We read all the reviews and while mixed , we decided to try them out . The bottom line is that they do n't really do the job . There are two problems with them
 These are a good concept , but the plastic that surrounds the hinge is so thin , that 4 out of 5 of these broke in the exact same place . A shame .
 These were too small , and did not fit my Bosch stove gas handles . =-LRB- Sad I could n't use these , but the concept is great .
 Both base and cover are plastic , held together by a sturdy metal pin which acts as a hinge . Problem is that the pin is way sturdier than the plastic it 's mounted in . I have 4 of these , and 2 are broken
 I ordered these through amazon . Within a couple months one of the knobs broke off . I thought `` no big deal , we only needed to use 4 of them anyway '' Just a few days later the `` extra '' one that I had broke off too for no reason at all . This time when I looked at the broken off part there is a small chunk of plastic missing from it . Of course no where to be found-not great with two little ones that put everything in their mouth . I immediately contacted safety first through email . Within two days I heard back from one of their product techs offering to send me a replacement set or a voucher for their website . I 'm taking the replacement set in hopes that I got a bad batch -LRB- not likely after reading all these reviews ... -RRB- I figure If they start breaking again I will just contact them again and take the money back as these were the best ones that I could find-anyone find anything better ? We have had no trouble with ours melting like some reviewers have mentioned but we do n't ever leave the oven door open even for a second with two little ones running around . Those of you who have had trouble and want replacements or money back
 These are not universal as indicated in the description - they do not fit my Jenn-Air stove . And to top it off , the return window for these is just a few days after the item ships , which means that by the time you receive the item , it is too late to return them . I guess I will have to try to find someone who has a stove that will fit these as I have no use for them .
 These covers , while effective , are very fragile . The plastic around the hinge pin is fragile and breaks easily . 3 of the 5 in my set have broken so far . Time to replace them with something sturdier .
 With our knobs being on the front of the stove , these covers hung down over the oven door , and either got in the way , or were popped off on a regular basis -LRB- or pulled off by our 16 month old -RRB- . We found it easier to just remove the knobs and put them on the counter when the stovetop was n't in use .
 This is a safety product , so please take the negative reviews to heart . My guess is that it 's only a matter of time before it gets recalled . I reported it to cpsc.gov , and everyone else with a complaint should too . Our 15 month old figured out if he tugs just hard enough he can pop them open and get to the knobs - and if he pulls harder , he can get the cover and knob off entirely . Yes it depends on your childs level of curiosity , but do you really want to take that chance - especially as toddler 's interests change day by day , minute by minute . The failure of this product could cause catastrophic injury or death . Just because some people say it works great for their kid does n't justify the danger it poses to others . Please report this product as I did and get it off the shelves , and out of peoples homes .
 My 15-month-old son pulled these off -LRB- and broke one -RRB- within about 5 minutes of installing them . Also , he was able to turn the covers which ended up turning on the gas.Bad design . Do n't waste your money .
 i put it on like the instructions said and its broken after being on my fridge for one day was kinda a waist of money now i have to find a new kind to keep my 2 year old out of the fridge .
 This product worked great for 48 hours . Then the latch stopped closing . I tried repeatedly to get it working again to no avail . Difficult to remove from your fridge after .
 This installed great - the adhesive held and everything . It seemed to be secure , but it was in place 4 hours and one swift tug on the door from my son , and it cracked like it was a plastic toy from a dollar store . There have to be better latches out there .
 It broke on the second day . Either wait it out and just watch to be sure your kid does n't open the fridge for a while , or find a better lock ... this is a piece of junk . I want my money back !
 We bought this from a store and were pretty happy with it . It seemed to work great , until we noticed the blue piece of plastic that holds the latch in place had snapped off . We assumed that an adult had tried to open our fridge not realizing the latch was there and pulled too hard and snapped it off , so we went to amazon and bought another one . The second latch lasted only a day , and this time we were certain no adult had broken it . Our 20-month-old simply pulled on the fridge door until it broke open . Do not buy .
 not pleased my son got it off in matter of hours but oh well it was cheap but didnt serve the purpose ata ll
 My 21/2 year old had the fridge open 2 minutes after we put this lock on . I removed it and threw it away . I just wasted money on something that was supposed to keep her out and it took her no time at all . I could n't believe it . Back to looking for something else . I 'm tired of my eggs being thrown on the floor .
 I should have listened to the poor ratings this product received . I purchased this product to keep my two year old out of our refrigerator . I patiently waited 24 hours after installing the lock to allow the adhesive to dry but to no avail . Within a few hours of using the lock , my daughter pulled the refrigerator door hard enough so that the entire lock became disconnected from the refrigerator .
 Definitely put this out of your child 's reach . My daughter 's previous daycare had one on their mini-fridge , and all the 1 year olds could open it easily . -LRB- It soon broke , after which the teachers replaced it with the same model and the cycle repeated itself . -RRB-
 We bought this in mid-February after my daughter flooded our kitchen -LRB- she rearranged our refrigerator and shut the door in a way that pressed an item onto the water dispenser that 's inside and left the room -RRB- . It was easy to install and it kept the children from being able to open the refrigerator door . I also liked that we could disable the lock when the children were sleeping . It 's early April now , and the lock is worthless at this point . The plastic has too much give and bends and the lock no longer works at all . I 've chosen a different lock to try and hope it lasts longer .
 Is there anything less than one star ? I guess a one star rating is the lowest I can go . Absolutely a piece of junk . How can a piece of tape hold a refrig door securely ? A chair leaning against the refrig door would do better !
 Do yourself a favor and DO N'T BUY THIS !! This product broke within the first day of us having it from my 18 month old still trying to open the refrigerator . You ca n't return it and they wo n't refund your money for it , so save yourself some time and look elsewhere !!
 This worked great for a few weeks , but the sticky stuff has started to give way . It 's fine for our purpose because we only use it because the freezer door wo n't stay shut all the time , but if you are using this as a child protection device , I suggest something that wo n't give way .
 I bought this product to help us assure that we properly close the door of our freezer that we keep in our garage . It worked very well for a couple of days and then , it broke . So I installed the second of the two locks that I ordered . The second lock did n't even last for a day as the latch does n't work . This lock is a great idea , easy to install and comes with clear instructions . Unfortunately , it fails to do its job , rendering it useless .
 I used this for about 3 months and at first it worked great and I was so happy to keep my toddler out of the fridge . After some time the stickiness wore off and my toddler pulled open the door . Its very hard to get the glue off the fridge now .
 I purchased this and the first day it seemed to hold well but after a few attempts of opening the fridge without using the release and it came right off . This was not strong enough for our needs .
 This worked for a few days and then when someone was n't careful , the locking mechanism broke . So I bought another one , thinking it was just one of my older kids fooling around . The same thing happened with the second lock . This product is not durable .
 My 2year old son broke this lock for just 1day ! Do not waste money on this!Safety 1st Adjustable Multi-Purpose does better job than this one -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The adjustable feature sounds good , but continually pops off . I have purchased these from Target several times and the last time decided never to buy again .
 This thing is very convenient to open with one hand . It is so convenient that my 21/2 years old just looked once how we do it , and opened it himself right away -LRB- ok , he had to use two hands -RRB- . Yet , that was n't a big deal , as the latch fell off on its own 3 days latter anyway.Junk .
 This not only blocks babies from opening the fridge but adults , too . Way to stiff to open and requires two hands . A good way to diet , perhaps , if you can never actually open your refrigerator . I got the Fridge-Guard instead . Works perfectly .
 This did not work one pull from an adult that did not realize it was there it was done . It can stand up to a child stredth but it ruined from my husbad pulling it apart because he kept forgetting
 I put this on and five seconds later my two year old opened the fridge . It is was to simple of a lock . I am sure a monkey could figure it out in two seconds ... However it was very easy to put together and put on and it was shipped promply .
 This did not work even one time to keep our 21/2 year old out of our side-by-side fridge . It popped right off . I wish it had worked . We even waited the full 24 hours for the glue/tape to dry .
 i bought this latch because i have a dog who loves to go threw the fridge and have a feast i got 4 of the latches and it did not work at all ... . he popped then off within two seconds i even put crazy glue thinking maybe it would stick better the second time but i was so wrong he ripped them off without even trying do not get this product . such a waist of money ...
 I followed each direction to a `` T '' . I cleaned the surface of the refridgerator , applied the adhesive as instructed , and did not use the latch for over 24 hours ... and it still popped right off the first time I tested it ! I guess that trying to make an adhesive that will adhere to a refridgerator must be tricky ... but keep working on it
 If you forget and pull door open -LRB- which should n't work -RRB- it pulls the glued part right off the fridge and opens it up . Kept falling off completely . Changed the sticky pads , cleaned the place where we put it , no joy
 When this product was placed on the fridge and in use for the first 3 days it seemed to work great . My son would tug with all his might to try to get the door open and he failed . He then quickly relized that this would n't work and began asking nicely for what he needed instead of taking it him self . For us , it was great because it offered easy one handed manipulation of the refrigerator door.However , after about the 3rd day of use he was able to break it . Not in a manner of pulling either the latch or lock from the fridge its self but instead a defect with the locking mechanism . For instance when door is closed the latch move into the lock and the lock which is spring loaded is opened by an inclined plane on the tip of the latch . Once the latch has moved far enough in the incline plane is cut short and this allows the lip of the lock to fall into place behind this inclined plane . The lip on the lock that holds the latch into place was completely sheered from the locking mechanism . Thus causing the product to fail and act as if nothing was in place . This is very disappointing and we are looking at alternative at this time .
 It broke after two days of normal use . First it would keep locking in the unlatch position , then the entire latch broke off . It stuck to the fridge without a problem though . I would not recommend this product .
 This fridge lock worked for about 2 weeks and then it stopped clasping shut when the fridge was closed . I bought it to keep my dog from opening the fridge -LRB- yes my dog opens the fridge -RRB- and I came home to find it open today . Very disappointed ! I do not recommend this product .
 The inside hook which acts as stopper is so thin that can not withstand pressure of probably more than 15-20 psi ; in other terms , get ready for a new one within few weeks or keep glue cement ready for repeated use if at all one finds a way to put it.Overall , not well-designed as the most important part of the device is its weakest point too .
 We bought these for our very standard kitchen cabinets , and they do not work . You can not get them tight enough to stay put with a child pulling on them . They slip right off with very little effort . My son just turned 18 months , and he learned how to slip these off right after he turned 1 . Having knobs instead of handle is a nightmare !
 Hopefully you will read this review and not make the same error I just made ... I saw the same locks , offered by the same retailer for ~ $ .37 less - and I ordered it . I did n't connect that I was getting a 1 pack instead of a 2 pack ! Now , I would need to pay to ship this back to BHD USA if I want to rectify the situation - something that clearly does n't make sense.Get the 2 pack from one of the other vendors for essentially the same price - and learn from my ways .
 We have standard kitchen cabinets and knobs but these locks were too short to span our knobs well and the locking bar was too thick to secure behind the knob . We returned these and have opted for the cable locks .
 Maybe I have a defective one , but the one we have will not stick to the window . I 've cleaned the window and even moistened the cups slightly , but after putting it on the window , a few minutes later it falls down . I will be returning it .
 I bought two , one did not stick on the first usage , the other one lost the sticking function after 1 month .
 I am an engineer so I think I know what I am doing when it comes to the installation . Unfortunately , my cabinets are too thick to use with the product and its conventional locking mechanism . With the extensions in , the device becomes too long . Ideally , you want cabinets to be about 1/8 '' thicker than the magnetic mechanism as the magnet is not strong enough to work through wood thicker than that . When I asked the company why they do n't just ship a stronger magnet with the kit , they told me that it works for most people . Given the percentage of people complaining about it on here , I doubt that its such a small problem .
 I installed these according to the instructions which I think are written in 6 font . This product is basically crap and should be avoided at all costs . The magnet mechanism just does not work well enough to disengage the spring loaded locking mechanism - which will then make your cabinets adult proof . Who knows - either the internal springs are too strong or the magnets are too weak to overcome them . Before you open the box it is their problem - but once you buy this item , drill up your furniture and figure out that this product sucks for yourself - it becomes your problem . Of the four locks in my starter kit only one worked well enough to work as designed . So maybe it is production problem , not a design flaw - again who knows . The magnet key which you will have to rub on your door to make it work will also scratch your furniture in no time . For now I have to pull out the drawers above to open the cabinets below . I only gave this product one star because zero was not an option .
 I have several knobless flat cabinets in my kitchen so i bought this 9 piece set thinking it would be the best thing to keep my little one out of cabinets . I was wrong . The magnet did not go through the wood cabinets -LRB- which are average cabinets and the proper width per the instructions -RRB- . You need to use a drill to make the hole for the lock so unfortunately I did not find out that the magnet key could not read through my wood kitchen cabinets until I had already drilled a dime-sized hole in the cabinet . You also ca n't use it on cabinets that do not have a divider frame . You can not possibly forsee these pitfalls until you 've opened the package and attempted to install it , and then you ca n't return it . I ended up only using 2 out of the 9 . If you just have to try it , buy the starter set and save yourself $ 18 .
 I spent a small fortune on these expensive locks , loving the fact that the drawer/cabinet , or whatever you are locking ca n't open at all , since it uses a magnet . However , depending on how you 're cabinets are made , some drawers will still open up a bit , and still pinch tiny fingers.Second , installation is tedious . You have to put a bunch of holes in your cabinets , and be very careful not to drill in too far . Again , depending on how the cabinet is made , you may have to ` improvise ' with using the templates they give you . If its not lined up just right , get ready to do it over again.Even after installing them , it seems that the lock can be tempermental and not open at times , and you have to try and try and try to get it to open by moving the magnet over the spot that should open the lock . -LRB- By the way , do n't loose the lock openers , I think they cost $ 6 or $ 7 each , and they stick to everything metal if dropped ... for example , baby gates , toys , refridgerator , pots and pans ... -RRB- We have had these installed for well over six months , and I regret it everyday . They are a huge hassle.My recommedation would be to use the adjustable locking straps , if your cabinet/drawer will allow . It just sticks on -LRB- and is incredibly strong -RRB- , and can be adjusted to a variety of lengths . They are not expensive , and very easy to get in and out of cabinets . Right now I have a strap on our trash can , refridgerator , computer armoir , entertainment center , and aquarium cabinet , and they work GREAT in all of those places . I am going to remove ALL of our TOT locks in the kitchen and family room , and replace them with the adjustable straps .
 This is a horrible product . I followed the instruction , and drilled within 1/8 '' of my door front , the slightest bit past and you will have a 9/32 '' hole through your brand new cabinet doors . This happened twice so far , and I only installed 3 . I also had to make a shim to fit my door as well . I contacted the manufacturer and they said you will need to buy a stronger magnet , they do n't make one . They also are going to send me a replacements set , so that I can put a few more holes through my door . Unfortunately they do n't send replacement cabinet doors .
 I was very disappointed with these cabinet locks . They were difficult to install and , once installed , did not work very well . The magnet was not nearly as strong as it should have been , and I kept having to move it to figure out exactly where the other magnet is so the door would open . We took the latches off and decided to keep only child-safe things in our bottom cabinets . We 're much happier that way -LRB- and my daughter loves playing with the tupperware , lids , and kitchen towels , etc , that we keep in our bottom cabinets and drawers -RRB-
 I have a lot of drawers and cabinets so I figured it would be best to start with 2 packages of Tot Lok 's . BIG MISTAKE !!! They are so complicated and time consuming that the packages are sitting in a drawer opened and in a million parts ! They will never get installed . Whatever you do ... do NOT buy this product !
 I bought this since some reviewers saying it works great but I was just so disappointed when I opened the package.Be warned
 We received this basket and returned it right away , because not only did the basket get smashed during shipping but the handles fall in towards the baby 's face . The depth of the basket also is n't as good as some of the other ones we looked at . While the interchangeable colored ribbons and cloth material is ok , it seems that the basket just is n't very sturdy . We later bought a Tadpoles basket and were happy with that one , even though the price was more .
 Cute , but not very safe for a newborn , I ended up using it as a toys basket .
 I guess we should have known that one can not expect quality from something so cheap . . a single liner is just not enough . . i wish we had not wasted money on this item . . I wonder why others gave it such nice reviews . .
 Bought this for my 2yro son because of the easy to clean aspect and thought it would be more comfortable because of the built in , smooth `` boy guard '' . My son is small framed . He hates this potty-says it is hard . When he does use it 99 % of the time the guard fails and we have leaks under the seat onto the floor . This is with adult assistance even . The seat may be okay for girls but not boys !
 We were given this potty chair as a gift . My son will ask to sit on it , but as soon as he does , he 'll start to whimper , because it 's just too uncomfortable . The couple of times he 's stayed long enough to actually go potty , he has leaned back , and scooted his bottom forward , making the little splash guard on this seat useless ! He pees right over the top of it , and it gets all over the floor . This will NOT work for us ! I 'm searching for a better option .
 I just bought this potty for my 34 month old son . He does not like it one bit . As soon as he tried to sit down on the potty it moved under him . He is unable to sit down on it by himself . It is very unstable for larger kids .
 I too spent more on this potty chair because I am usually so impressed with Baby Bjorn products . Clearly not a lot of thought went into this one . It slides around on the floor so that my son could not sit on it without my holding it still -LRB- seems like for the price they could have added the rubber feet that the cheap ones have -RRB- and the splashguard -LRB- as others said -RRB- makes it very difficult for a toddler to sit on it by himself . We took it back after 1 day . I am researching a replacement now .
 I bought this product since it looked simple and easy to use . However , I was quickly disappointed with it . The potty slides away when my son tries to sit on it and the bowl pops up when he tries to get up from it . This leaves a big mess on the floor . It is also more expensive than other potties . Definately not worth the price .
 Too small for a 21 month old to sit comfortably and the guard is too high . currently looking for something else to replace it.sorry that I bought it !
 I thought this potty would be great for my son since it has a high , non-removable splash guard , but that is the only good thing about this potty chair . It must be uncomfortable because it always leaves a red ring around his bottom , even if he just sits on it for a couple of minutes . It also sticks to his bottom and when he stands up to get off the potty , the bowl comes out too and spills the contents all over the floor !
 I bought too quickly and got the wrong potty ! NOW , I think that the potties that also act as step stools are a great idea . This potty only has one use . If your little one does n't take to it , it 's a waste ! ALSO , my daughter tried her cousin 's cushie musical toilet topper and loved it ! She likes going on the big toilet much better . This potty was a waste of money for us , unfortunately .
 After reading reviews of multiple potty chairs , I was excited to get this one ! Everyone raved about how unique the design was , and how easy it was to train a child . The actual potty seat insert is so difficult for my daughter to sit on , because of the design of the built in splash guard . The seat is not anchored to the chair in any way , so the entire seat can lift out -LRB- or be lifted in the case of a curious child -RRB- . There are no arms , so my daughter is turning herself sideways to get comfortable and avoid the splash guard . Would n't recommend it !
 I bought this potty because of it 's simple design & apparent ease of use . But every time my son gets up from using it , the bucket part comes up with him ! So I have to quickly grab it & hold it in place while he gets up . As you can imagine , this causes quite a hassle for us both & has discouraged him from wanting to use it . Back to the store with this one !
 I would n't recommend this potty for anyone . It is very light and has nothing to keep it from sliding around on a hard floor . When my daughter sits on it , it usually moves around , sometimes causing her to lose her balance . Also , b/c the splashguard is n't removable , she sat on it a few times , which really hurt her . I finally turned it around , but since it 's not made to fit that way , I really had to jam it in there , which makes for not-so-easy removal to empty it .
 I am insane when it comes to researching products for my toddler and knew all the pros and cons of this potty chair . However , I love the Baby Bjorn line and have never been disappointed before , so I bought this one even after ready several negative reviews . I really wanted a simple chair for my 2 year old daughter . Well , she loved the idea of it too , but was frustrated by the shield on the bucket -LRB- as apparently most girls are -RRB- . She kept trying to turn the bucket around so the shield would be out of the way , but it does n't fit that way . The chair does slide around as well , but we fixed that by positioning it in the corner . After 2 days of trying , she just could n't overlook how uncomfortable the chair was . She 's an average sized two year old , but it still was a tight fit . We returned the chair and , after much deliberation and testing , purchased the Graco soft seat potty chair . I do not like the Graco brand usually , but so far that chair is doing the trick .
 I actually didnt buy this , someone else did , but I HATE it ... I have 20 month old twin boys and they are VERY small , yet this potty is terrible ! * first of all for a standing boy , the splash gaurd is in the way and it doesnt fit turned around * It is very light weight and it `` sticks '' to my sons bottom * My sons are frightened of it , theres no real `` seat '' , its the actual pot , so they are too scared to sit on it * Its very uncomfortable , and I believe this is also the problem for our potty delays , we bought the real one that flushes , but still not bowl movement * It slides all over the floor , very scary for my toddlers * The `` arm rests '' are a joke ... an absolute joke * It is `` nice '' looking but also very small * I will be buying another flushing potty or an insert and keep this one in the car , for emergencies onlyI wouldnt recomend it for girls either , the splash guard is perminantly on , and backwards is not `` right '' and it may cause leaks , and then the kid cant sit back , And I wouldnt recomend for a sitting boy either , the splash guard is a REAL hazard for their , `` man parts '' while sitting down . It may be nice because its one piece but even thats annoying ... terrible terrible potty .
 I bought this because I thought it was nice and simple-easy to clean and no leaks . However , my son wo n't use it . He wo n't sit on it because it is uncomfortable-not enough seat and hard splash guard . So then he tries to pee like daddy and it slides away . I am going to return it . The problem is , I ca n't find a good one for a boy which is comfortable , easy to clean , does n't leak and is like a `` real '' adult potty for imitating .
 I read the reviews and bought this potty chair , figuring that based on other users ' opinions my daughter would love it . However , the high splash guard on the front makes it very difficult for her to sit down . You can not just back up and sit , you need to be directly over the potty to sit down . She has turned the bowl around , placing the splash guard to the back , but then she can not sit back and get comfortable on the seat . Perhaps it works for those with boys - I would n't know - but I can not recommend it to parents of girls .
 We purchased this potty seat online and could n't wait for it to arrive . My 19 month old daughter instantly tried to sit on it and fell into the pot - the rim around the pot part is very narrow , and therefore there is really no place for the child to sit , so she ends up in a weird squatting position . Also it does not have rubber feet so it slides around on the tile . The `` pee guard '' is not detachable , and she gets hooked on it everytime she tries to sit , which shifts the pot too , and sometimes even lifts it out when getting up . The whole thing seems very unstable and she has given up on it . As you can imagine , we have too . We are going to try a potty that has a seat with a bowl that fits underneath .
 I was looking forward to receiving this product for my toddler , and could n't wait to have her use it . However , we soon learned that the design is very poor . The potty chair slides all over the floor , leaving my poor daughter falling down and scared to use it . The cramped seat design also forces the bowl part to come out when she stands up . This is a very big disappointment for a Baby Bjorn product ! I also bought their little step stool for when my daughter can step up to use the toilet , and that thing does not move at all on the floor ! Baby Bjorn should have designed the potty chair like their step stool with the rubber on the bottom , and it would have been a much more useful product . I wish I could get my money back .
 My daughter is 2 yrs old and in the 75th % for her height and weight . She is by no meats `` fat '' . The problem with this seat is that the deflector , meant for boys , is not removable and is way to wide . My daughter looked so uncomfortable sitting in this chair since it digs into her thighs . I would not recommend this seat for girls .
 ... Its design is pretty good but I my 20 months old son are not so happy with this.Its very difficult for him to sit on his own.Plastic is not soft to sit comfortably . I always have to keep some cusion onto sides of sit and hold the potty seat and put him in exactly in the center .
 This is a terrible potty for a boy . The splash guard does n't work . And the leat leaks . I end up with pee all over the floor every time . Yuk !
 My daughter has tipped this stool over 2 times ! I am returning it first thing in the morning . I should have never let her on it a second time . If she steps down on it on one side the whole thing tips over . Please do not buy this product !
 It 's a chunk of plastic with some bits of rubber attached . Effectively serves its purpose , but for nearly 16 bucks ?!! Puleeeeeeeease !
 Although we like the look of this chair and the shelf under the seat , there are a couple of problems with it which affect its daily use . The first is that the smaller inner tray is easily removeable by our son . -- He 's been able to do it since he was only ten months old or so . It makes a big mess when he picks up the tray with all his food . We do n't even use the inner tray anymore . Also , the trays have stained with just normal use . Lastly , the chair is somewhat difficult to clean because there is a large plastic piece that does not move . We also can not remove the straps to put them in the washing machine . However that plastic piece successfully keeps him from climbing or wiggling out even when he is not strapped in . There 's something about the angle when the tray is on which makes it next to impossible for him to bend his legs to get them out -LRB- so far ! -RRB- which is great . I hope they 'll re-engineer the tray , so it 's more useable . I do like that it 's removeable by adults -- just not the baby/toddler ! -LRB- I think I 'll contact the company to ask if they have a solution . -RRB-
 I have used this chair for my now 5 year old , 31/2 year old and my now 14-month old . I was frustrated with it because the tray does not scoot in enough to be close to their bodies . I padded it with towels before with my older kids . My youngest is very small , and at 10 months sat well so I buckled her in and scooted the tray as far in as it went . While making toast just briefly , she slipped out and fell on the floor ! She was leaning way over to get her sippy cup which had fallen to the ground . The seat belt is n't anchored to the back of the seat but is connected in one spot in the back . A small , wiggly child could come out . I moved her to a booster seat because it was safer and I do n't even want to give this chair away in case that were to happen to someone else 's child .
 Description and reviews do not fit the product I received . I have made do with nylon cord and a menswear tie . The mechanism for closing gate does not work . It also seems that the sides of the room entrance where this thing is to be used are not plumb -LRB- opening measures the same but WTH -RRB- so it is difficult to fit gate tightly . One of the extensions comes loose at the bottom . The cord secures the wayward extension , and the tie works at the top for the so-called latch . I 've put together Home Decorators and Ikea furniture with less frustration and better results . Since this is to be used as a pet gate rather than for children , I will keep it but do not recommend it .
 Just not what we were hoping for . We need a barrier for the top of our steps . To be used between a wall and a wood banister . Not a good product for that , possibly for an area with two flat surfaces it would work okay.Too many parts , takes two people to assemble and fix into the area where it was to be used.Very upset , we really thought this was the answer for our 9 month old granddaughter to protect her from the stairs.We returned the product and will continue to look for a replacement.Sorry Supergate .
 Bought this `` Supergate Easy Close '' to keep the dog on the lower level of our home during construction . Reading through the different gating options it seemed that this gate could be expanded with some add-ons while being cheaper .
 This garbage came out of the box completely misaligned . There was no way to &#34; bend &#34; it back in place . It had a 4 &#34; gap that could not be tightend . The steel is very flimsy . My advice to North States - take a look at your final product before shipping it !
 So disappointing . I returned the first gate because it was bent so out of shape that the latch would never line up properly . I communicate this to the vendor and reordered the gate only to receive another bent gate . What a waste of my time . Do n't bother with this vendor .
 While this gate seems to be sturdy , it did not work for my purposes . I bought it to keep my 26 month old in his room at night time . Well he figured out how to open it in about 5 minutes . It took longer than that to put up and take down
 I dislike this gate . hard to install and to adjust - not really a pressure gate - needs to be screwed into the wall , noisy.Get the Regalo easy close instead .
 I purchased this gate and appeared it to be okay even though the box was damaged during shipping . It was not shipped in outer box . I just got around to trying to install it because we just moved . Today I noticed the gate did not meet the clasp that allows it to close and secure children inside . It looked good but there was some error . Go to store to buy a gate at least you will not have to experience the disappoint that I did .
 30 minutes later the gate is up and relatively functional , but we chose this gate among the countless highly reviewed choices on amazon based solely on the distinguishing factor of `` no assembly required . '' Not only was assembly required , the instructions are a cross between Greek and a fighter jet instruction manual.Also , the tightening process on the tension mounts is really awkward , and the success of actually opening the gate and walking thru it is based on the tightening process ; once we thought we had the right tightness , the actual opening action felt shoddy , and there 's definitely concern over time the thin plastic at the opening hinge will wear down .
 The gate came bent ever so slightly , but enough that it could not close . Wish I had figured that out before I installed the thing . Of course , Amazon refunded my money easily .
 No matter how I tightened or adjusted the closing never fully came together . Its also EXTREMELY narrow . I was using this at the bottom of stairs and it just made going up and down soooo difficult ! Sent it back and got another Cardinal Gates Stairway Special gate -LRB- which I also use at the top -RRB- . See my review there .
 We bought this to help our kids get in and out of the tub w/out getting hurt . The concept is great , but the design is horrid . You have to line the cups up and hold your tongue just right to even get them to stick for more than a minute in the first place . The suction cups just are n't strong enough , my 25 lb 2 yr old could torque it enough to break the suction and he liked to play w/the tabs and pop them lose while he was in the tub .
 This seems like a good thing but as it states it is not intended for full body weight . I think if your bathtub does not have the indentation on the outside , making a `` rim '' then this may work great . Unfortunately for us , it does n't work at all with our bathtub . This is why I had to give it a lower rating . I was also hoping it would double as a security bar for my dad who need some extra support getting in and out of the tub , as well as my toddler . But it definitely was n't made for that.I think if you have the right bathtub and you want to use it just for kids , it could work well but it did n't for us .
 The product is a great idea . It went back the day after I received it though . No matter what I tried , the Kidco Bath Safety Rail would NOT securely attach to the side of the tub . The suction would not stick and it was very wobbly . Again , it 's a great idea , but I think if it were made a little less cheaply it would work fine .
 For the name you 'd think this was a pretty nice pack n play , we 're just waiting on a recall to be fullfiled on it now , a couple of the plastic joints have already cracked and been repaired , and over all it 's fit and finish is just garbage , like the Kia of pack n plays ... do n't waste your money , stick with Graco or another company of that sort that know what they are doing .
 I returned this product because it did not stick to the car window . I am not sure if it was a problem with the suction cups . although I doubt this , because I bought two of them , and neither worked . I tried moistening the cups and cleaning them , but no results . Possibly the shape of my windows , the curve of the glass , is not in the realm of your average window for which the shade was manufactued . Toyota Echo Who knows .
 When we first got it , it stuck on window well and worked well as it 's suppose to . Then suddenly , the suction would nolonger maintain itself on the glass despite applying wetness or not . Now , it 's just plain useless . What a waste of money .
 I had a plain gray Brica car shade for my baby , and although it did a fine job of blocking out the sun , it looked pretty dull . So I ordered this . I took it down after one car ride . The sun was hitting my baby full on in the face . This did absolutely NOTHING to block the sun . Do n't waste your money . Even though it 's cute , it does n't do what it 's supposed to .
 Does n't stick well to the window , and is awkwardly bulky and small . Totally ineffective in blocking the sun and we had to return it as it would n't stick and kept sliding off .
 I BOUGHT THIS AFTER READING THE REVIEWS IN HOPES IT WOULD WORK FOR US AND KEEP THE SUN OUT OF MY DAUGHTER 'S FACE . WELL I TRIED EVERYTHING TO KEEP IT ON MY WINDOW BUT GLUE IT!BUT WHAT MAKES IT REALLY BAD IS THAT IT FELL OFF WHILE I WAS DRIVING AND HIT MY BABY GIRL IN THE FACE ! I WOULD N'T DARE BUY ANOTHER ONE , AND I ABSOLUTELY DO N'T RECOMMEND !
 Great car seat until we tried to fit it in the back seat of our Tahoe . Needed to be Rear Facing and there is no way to get the seat level without having the front seats completely moved forward . Very frustrating , since we just bought 2 car seats for the twins and now need to figure out what will fit .
 Very short harness slot height means that an average sized child will outgrow the harness before age 2 , which is way too young for the dubious belt positioner . I bought two of these mistakes because I had no idea that there were seats with heigher harness slots , and heigher harness weight limits . My daughter is using them for now , my son is in a Parkway booster . Save your money , this is NOT the last seat you 'll ever need . I was happy with this seat until my son was 2 , as it is a comfy seat for a baby . It is a lousy toddler/preschool seat . Now I 'm trying to get my son a Britax Regent , and my daughter a Boulevard , or a Fisher-Price Safe Voyage Deluxe -LRB- same as a Britax Marathon , only less expensive -RRB- The top harness slot is NOT meant for the harness and ca n't be used with the harness , it 's meant for moving the pillow up to use with the seatbelt positioners , and will snap in an accident.Again , my kids did great in this seat as babies , but I hate , hate , hate it for toddlers and preschoolers . Oh , and the cover wore out fast , the belts tangle easily , and it 's hard to tighten and loosen the straps . It is easy to install .
 We absolutely do n't like this car seat . Firstly , it is very difficult to install and when we had to take the cover off to clean it , it was like taking apart some complex puzzle that had no instructions . Even the instruction guide was difficult to follow . Luckily my husband had ordered an Evenflow Tribute Deluxe Convertible car seat and after putting that back in the car , we would n't even think of trying to use this one again . I regret the 130.00 that we wasted on it . Terrible ! Do n't waste your money .
 we bought this car seat for our daughter but was dissapointed with the product on the whole . firstly , installation took a long time and secondly her head drooped forward or to the sides when she slept in it which was uncomfortable to watch . after a couple of days of use , we tried to return the seat to the vendor who refused to take it back because they said we had used it . we have now bought a britax and are happy with it and the eddie bauer is back in the box while we wonder what to do with it .
 We had the worst experience ever with this seat ! It did not work with the latch system in my two year old Subaru so we had to use the seat belt technique . The latch to push to loosen the seat belt in the chair was in a position that was difficult to reach and pinched my thumb several times . The belt tightened by pulling down ... which was next to impossible as there was no room to pull down when it was installed in the car . The baby got stuck three times as the red release button would not release when pushed -LRB- in cold weather -RRB- ... meaning we had to carefully drag him out from under the belt . We came very close to cutting the belt on two occasions ! We finally gave up and returned to the item to Babies R Us ... this took over an hour as they could n't find the item number even with my receipt and we ended up losing our shipping cost and $ 10 coupon even though the product was clearly defective . We purchased a Britax instead and it is awesome : -RRB-
 This seat is so tall ... that if you dont have a big back seat in reverse mode it 's obnoxious . It went to the top of the headrest of the front seat in our SUV . Our son was in this seat at 6months and the seat was not reclined enough for him and he just beginning to sit up and have to support his head ... and it would always roll completely forward . We returned this seat and went with the Evenflo DLX and absolutely love it .
 I spent hours trying to figure out how to take the fabric cover off and ended up having to use a screw driver to pop the plastic caps that hold the fabric on the plastic frame !! It was a big hassle to take the infant headrest off and extremely difficult to remove the base from the main chair ! You had to almost take a hammer to the metal pole and pull it out ... it was soooo hard . My husband couldnt even do it ! I guarantee if you are a clean person who likes to wash your carseat cover more than once a month ... you will take this seat back , just like i did ! I honestly think this seat is nice but it is next to impossible to take the cover off and wash it , unless you want to get out your `` tools '' to do it for an hour!If you are the type of person who doesnt wash the cover very much and wouldnt mine the extra muscle and work to do it , this seat is perfect .
 The car seat looks very nice and seems to be comfortable ... however ... We own a Dodge Durango and the car seat is WAY to big to be strapped in right for the rear facing feature . The vehicle is VERY spacious and I did not think that this would be a problem . After getting so frustrated with trying to put it in we gave up and decided to return it AS SOON AS POSSIBLE ! Also , it is hard to remove the infant head rest piece . I was very unhappy with this car seat , especially after paying as much as I did for it !
 Okay , I have had this car seat for two years and as gross as this sounds , the padding has only been washed once due to the fact that it is nearly impossible to get it apart and back together again properly . Once my husband and I did it once , we swore that we would rather buy another one than try to wash it again . I do n't know why any manufacturer of car seats would make it this difficult to wash the padding on a carseat knowing that spills and messes are ineivitable with children . I kid you not , it takes a ton of finesse and a tool box to get this thing apart . I am pregnant with my second child and I refuse to get an eddie bauer product again . My husband and I are pretty easy going when it comes to products but this is rediculous . Probably the worst thing I have ever bought for my son . I have never written a review , but I felt compelled to tell people how bad this car seat is . Unless you like four hour projects to get this thing apart , washed , and back together do n't buy this item !
 The bank was suposed to be personalized with the child 's name and birth date , even though the data was provided , the bank was blank when it was recieved . Had I known it was n't going to be pesonalized -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , I never would have ordered it . It would have cost me more to return it to have it personalized -LRB- not to mention , the time it would take as well as the trouble , EXPENSE and AGGRAVTION -RRB- , personalization was the ONLY reason I ordered it . I 'll be sure to tell my friends about my experience
 I bought two of these for use at my mom 's house in another state to prevent me from lugging our regular seats on the plane , etc. . Seemed like such a great idea for short-term , occassional use ! However , in practice , my daughter -LRB- 4.5 yrs and scrapping the top of the weight allowance -RRB- found the straps too tight -LRB- with no extra to let out -RRB- and the shoulder straps too close together , causing irritation to her neck -LRB- and she 's rather on the skinny side -RRB- . My son -LRB- 2.5 yrs and smack in the middle of weight allowance -RRB- could wiggle all over the place even when buckled into the center backseat belt - literally lying down on the back seat while buckled!Wish someone would make a similar thing that actually worked !
 This car seat is absolutely horrible . Too many times my daughter was flat on the seat . To get her in and out of the seat is a hassle . The straps are not made properly . The straps were actually choking her when trying to take her out . DO NOT BUY
 There 's just a little too much movement for my comfort . We bought this for traveling and ended up renting one after a day and a half because I just was n't comfortable with it 's safety .
 I purchased the Tote n Go Car seat thinking how great it would be for traveling and as any extra car seat when I had to transport other kids . I tried multiple times to install this car seat and each time I could not get it tight enough so that it would n't move from side to side . I struggled for long periods of time and finally decided it just did n't deliver the ease and convenience from the desciption . I returned it because I value my children 's safety and I just could n't chance their lives in this seat ! Do n't waste your time or money on this one ! It does n't even deserve the one star !
 Good concept , but not that easy to use . I actually left it on the airplane on purpose . It was light and portable , but was difficult to secure in a safe position .
 The wire popped through this in about a week . My son used it as a laundry basket . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this in lime green and checked out the picture from the manufacturer 's website just to be sure of the color . It looked like the fresh green I needed . In fact the bag that arrived was a shocking NEON green that was almost yellow . I needed sunglasses to look at the thing . So it is basically hidden in a closet until I find a replacement because it does not coordinate with the current decor color known as lime green ... that I have all over my house . Function wise
 Ca n't place order , no place to choose color
 I HAD ONE AND WHEN WE TRANSFERRED TO A NEW HOME ... WITH BUBBLE WRAP THIS ITEM SUDDENLY SNAPPED IN TWO WHILE IN TRANSPORT . NOT RELIABLE !!!
 I received this in the mail and the teddy bear which is supposed to be in the corner of the frame was broken off . Not very good to see the week before Christmas when it was supposed to be a Christmas present .
 The quality of this blanket was very nice , but unfortunately , it did n't have the cars on it like in the picture and I was super disappointed . I had looked high and low for this exact cars blanket because it is my grandson 's favorite sleepy time blankie and his original was in bad shape .
 Such a rip off . $ 13 for a piece of plastic mat !! It is the same material as any dollar mat .
 We 've been using the small/medium Swaddleme 's since our little girl was born and they have worked pretty well up until recently . She has pretty much always been able to wriggle one or both hands out of the top of them but they still kept her from flailing with the startle reflex so they worked for us . However , she is about 12 pounds now and despite the fact that the small/medium swaddleme 's are supposed to fit up to 14 pounds , she has outgrown them . So , I ordered three of the large size , thinking that they must just run small and she 'd fit them even though they are supposed to start at 14 pounds . Well , these do n't fit either . They are way too big so the material ends up over her face . We tried folding the top down on the inside and she still manages to get the material up by her face and to make matters worse , the material gives her a rash where it rubs against/irritates her face and neck . I wish I could return these but have all ready thrown away the packaging and washed them . I will be spending the extra money and trying the Woombie next ...
 I have a love/hate relationship with these blankets . They work great at first , but I just find that the velcro wears out waaaaaay too fast . It 's frustrating when my LO starts breaking out of them all the time . I had one of these in the smaller size and I thought it was getting too small for my baby , but after having this one , I really think it was just that the velcro did n't work anymore because I am having the same issue and this one is definitely not too small .
 We bought two of these ... this particular one in cottonSummer Infant SwaddleMe Cotton Knit - Graphic Jungleand one in the fleece fabricSummer Infant SwaddleMe Microfleece , Green , Large . We used the cotton one for 10 nights , and our son managed to kick his way through the material at the bottom . It 's too bad , because the cotton SwaddleMe is nice for warmer nights ... but I wo n't buy another one . Not worth the money.We are still using the fleece one , and he has n't found any weaknesses in the fabric ... I am hoping it stays together a bit longer than the cotton one !
 Item was not as described . It was described as fitting babies 8-14 lbs . It was too small for my 11 lb baby . We had a very difficult night time experience when we used the SwaddleMe blanket for the first time . My baby had difficulties sleeping and cried all night . I got no sleep.I would recommend the seller changing the product description so other new parents and newborns do n't go through the same unpleasant , stressful experience . I sent the product back to the seller over 2 months ago and have not yet received a response .
 The item I ordered was a large swaddleme sleep sack . However , I was sent a large swaddleme wrap . -LRB- The kind with the velcro wings to really swaddle a baby -RRB- The description on Amazon and the actual product are two very different things !
 basket had all the stuff but did not see the difference in sizes , and alot of stuffing vs products in the basket , i believe buying the stuff individually would of been more economical
 Initially this seemed like a great product . I loved the fact that the bassinet came with a separate stand so that I could move it around the house . We left the changing table set up in our bedroom so that we could use it for nighttime changes and it worked great . However , our baby outgrew the bassinet by 7 weeks and the material on both the bassinet and the play yard has already started to fray . It 's especially disappointing that the play yard is fraying since we have n't moved it since we set it up the first time . I would not recommend this product .
 I love the concept of this system ; however , it is not user-friendly . If you plan to set it up and never move it or travel with it , it is great . But , if you plan to really use it as they claim you can , forget it . It is VERY difficult to put up and also to take down . The lights , music and vibration are nice features , as well as the included bassinet and changing pad . It 's just not practical if you plan to travel with it or if you are in a situation where you will need to brea it down to move from room to room.Additionally , we have only had this for about a year and a half and one of the bars has already broken . I called COMBI 's customer service and , after insisting that they could not help me until I gave them all the details -LRB- my name , address , place of purchase , etc. -RRB- , they unapologetically told me that the warranty is only a year and they can be of no further assistance . Period . End of story.Any thought I had of replacing it with another COMBI has fleeted . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I returned this product - it was hard to assemble and very flimsy . I bought this largely for the bassinet feature and to have a travel bed . The bassinet was so flimsy I would not put my new baby in it . The playard was very heavy and hard to set-up / fold down . did not meet any of my needs
 This product was great after we managed to get it put together and it stayed together for the first two months but after that when we have used it , the sides do n't stay up , it is difficult to fold up and within the first 6 months it has cracked and the side release buttons have broken . Combi customer service has been difficult and said they would replace it and then have denied saying they would replace it . I will not purchase Combi products again .
 I purchased this for the same reason most other people did ... it came with a matching bassinett and pack-n-play . Others complained about the bassinett being too small , but babies are n't supposed to sleep in one for more than a few months anyways . My baby outgrew it around 3 months old , which I feel is appropriate . I got it for around $ 149 , which I felt to be a good deal , and it is a nice neutral tan color ... the only 2 reasons I gave this 2 stars rather than 1 . First , it is HEAVY ! That is the pack-n-play -LRB- PNP -RRB- when folded up in it 's bag . That could be considered a good thing , because it is well-built and sturdy ... but it is unneccessarily heavy . Also , when you fold it up and put it in the carrying bag ... the bottom part hangs out ... what is with that ?? It makes it difficult to carry because the legs & wheels are sticking out the side of the bag to catch anything it bumps into -LRB- like if you are trying to load it in a trunk with other items -RRB- . Second , this thing is about impossible to fold & unfold . I have spent entire too much time fighting with this thing to make it do what it is supposed to do much easier . Sometimes I have to have the bottom pushed in before connecting the side rails , sometimes I have to have the bottom up ... does n't make any sense and frustrates the poop out of me . I almost broke it one day out of frustration and I am not an angry person . While I feel it is built better than most PNP 's , moving it around is not practical with it 's faulty fold/unfold design . I imagine I will break the plastic release buttons soon because so much force is needed to fold it.Third ... I never used the changing table portion of the bed , but would imagine if I did it would not be fun because of the way things are positioned . It is too low and the storage pockets are on the wrong side.Fourth ... My last complaint , but this really applies to all PNP 's ... why do n't they make a cover for these that is washable and zips on ? Or velcros on the bottom ? And have it be waterproof !! The padded bed part that folds up in 4 sides to wrap around the bed before putting in the carrying bag has 4 pieces of essentially particle board inside . As we all know ... particle board does n't do well in moist environments and will begin to mold if not kept dry . Even the little bit of drool babies have during the night can and will RUIN the padded bottom of all PNP 's . There can be mold there and you do n't know it . No way to wash them ... only prevent it from happening by using waterproof liners and sheets . There has to be a better way ... For the price of this , buy something else . : -RRB-
 We paid extra for this PNP because of the removeable bassinet feature - however , the bassinet is very small and my little 3 month old has already outgrown it lengthwise , leaving no place to lay her down in our living room -LRB- this was bought as a changer and bed for d/s -RRB- . The music/light box is affixed to the playpen frame and is not moveable with it if you want use the bassinet independantly on the pedestal - which stinks ! You want the light and music to be attached to the bassinet part for god 's sake - it 's just really bad design . Also , the light and music box broke anyway in the first 2 weeks and we had only used it once or twice . Moreover , the changing pad storage is on the side where the bassinet goes , not next to the changer where you need it to access diapers and such - again , just bad design . Lastly , the other reviewer mentioned the music ... -LRB- while we had it -RRB- was loud and funky -LRB- this is made in Sweden thus the tunes are odd and unfamiliar to American ears -RRB- , and you could not turn it off once it started . Do n't get this playpen ; it 's not worth the money and the concept was not sought through at all .
 I love the look and the function of this carrier but it hurts my neck and back . If you are in shape and muscular on top this would work great for you but if your idea of working out is chasing kids around and are carrying around a `` few '' extra pounds like me , you should stick to a stroller .
 My baby was not comforatble at all . I felt like it was jabbing right through my shoulder and I could n't wait to take it off . And though I 'm not a big girl , I found it totally unflattering . My Bjorn is a million times more comfortable ... and looks great too .
 It 's an okay swing but you may want to keep shopping around . Our complaints :1 . It promises `` 5 Songs '' but you do n't really get five songs that play in their entirety that you can switch between . What you get is five songs that play for a few seconds then start back over . Kind of schizoid sounding and annoying to listen to .2 . The toy bar comes out easily as it does n't lock into place . Your baby will probably quickly figure out how to pull it out .3 . As everyone else has said , the toys are boring and are attached by a microscopic piece of Velcro . Like the bar , your baby will quickly learn to rip off the toys and chuck them to the side .4 . As mentioned by others , there are two speeds that are identical -- slow and slow . And I do mean SLOW .5 . The slightest thing will bring the swing motion to a stand still ... e.g. having a blanket on your baby 's legs , your baby shifting his weight , the toy bar -LRB- which has been ripped out by baby -RRB- dangling from the chair .6 . Even on its `` low '' setting , the volume is too loud for a baby 's ears . I had to tape pictures of baby faces from a catalog over the speakers to mute the sound a bit . This wound up being a good thing though as it gave my baby something to look at after the toys and toy bar had been removed.The GOOD thing about this swing is that the chair and swing frame have a nice sturdy feel to them . Also , this is one of the few swings in which your baby can sit fairly upright ... so many seem to have them reclined so far back that they are putting a lot of weight on their head . In hindsight , it was n't the worst purchase I ever made ... but I would n't buy this again . Keep shopping .
 this is the worst swing ever , i got it from my baby shower not th swing i was asking for but it would work i thought . my daughter at a month and a half could pull the toy bar off and would get hit in the head by the hard toys so i had to take ir away . then at two wnd a half months and 11lbs she rolled her head to th side where idint notice untill after it happened but there are two plastic bolt covers and she wacked her head on it and got a big bruse and mark ... i called fisher price and i have to send some pieces into them but we are getting a full refund ... so i wouldnt recomend this swing to anyone who dosnt want your child getting wacked in the head or hurting themselves !!!
 I agree that this is not for newborns . We are taking it back for a swing that reclines or the glider swing . Our newborn has vomited almost every time she has been in it from the position it makes her sit in & its almost impossible to keep her head supported . If it would recline it would be a lot nicer . If it was for a bigger baby I might consider it but not for a newbie .
 This swing is not what I expected after reading the reviews . It is not snuggly so not good for a newborn
 I do n't understand Amazon 's price for this item . Babies R Us has it regular price for $ 54.99 . I can always find such good deals at Amazon but I guess not this time . I will be definitely be buying it elsewhere . As I have not purchased this yet , the one star is for Amazon 's price and not for the product itself .
 After reading such positive reviews , I was excited about this purchase . Therefore , I must do my part and warn others that this thing could n't be made with less regard for quality or efficiency.The main issues :1 -RRB- Just moving it around the house causes the frame to come apart .2 -RRB- Similarly , the curved bar that sits above the baby and holds the objects also falls off when just touching it . Granted , the bouncer is not meant to be picked up by the bar with the baby in it , but when moving it around - with the baby in your other arm - it would be nice if it stayed connected .3 -RRB- The pad that the baby sits on moves all around . We have to constantly realign it to get him comfortable . And , the safety strap is also poorly made . Its difficult to adjust as it backs up into the padding . It also runs high , securing part of his chest , which is n't necessary and interferes with his arm movement.Bottom Line
 The tubing that forms the base of the bouncer fits into plastic oval mounts and are secured by metal pins . The pins , made out of cheap stamped metal , are folded to create a spring . The problem is that these pins break very easily along the crease where they are folded , and once they break , the base can collapse . One day while my two month old son was in the bouncer , one of the tubes slipped out of the mount -LRB- two pins were broken -RRB- and the bouncer lurched forward . Luckily I was close by and held on to the seat , preventing my son from falling out . The manual said to call Kids II , the maker of the chair , for customer service . I called , left a message and received no reply . I called Boppy 's customer service several times and each time left a message and , again , no reply . I emailed customer service at Boppy and once again received no response .
 I 'm still expecting my first baby , but I did take the changing pad out last night to inspect it . Things I like :1 -RRB- the material is very soft2 -RRB- contour is nice and deep3 -RRB- hook and loop band is secureThings I do not like :1 -RRB- the cover has to be screwed into the dresser/changing table to secure it . That means you have to remove two wood screws every time you wash it . How many times can you do that before the holes are stripped ? If you make new holes each time , your furniture will be full of holes . I like the idea another reviewer had to purchase the buckles , but it seems like this could have been better designed2 -RRB- the hook part of the hook and loop band feels very scratchy , especially for a bare little belly . Maybe I 'll be able to pull it tight enough that that part wo n't touch my baby 's belly , but it would have made more sense to have the soft loop part be on the band .3 -RRB- it says that the cover is waterproof and that the foam insert is washable , but when do things ever come out of the wash the same shape they went in ? Sounds like trouble . I 'll opt for a vinyl/wipeable pad.So I will be returning this item for a different design.Update
 I put this on my baby registry for my first born . After having her home from the hospital for a month , I became very unhappy with this changing pad . My baby had very loose stools -LRB- from a strictly breast milk diet -RRB- and she soiled this pad close to every changing . I kept having to wash the cover . My girl friend recommended to me another changing pad on the babiesrus website called the `` Contoured Changing Pad '' that has a permanent plastic cover on it -LRB- that allows for a wipe clean surface -RRB- . I got one and found it to be worlds better than the E-Z pad . In fact I now have two of them , one for upstairs and one for down .
 I thought this would be okay for the changing table instead of buying a vinyl one and a cover too . WRONG ! I felt like the cover to this thing was always in the wash ! It was more of problem than a solution . And after washing several times a week it started to shrink , then I could n't get the pads back in the darn cover . And speaking of the pads , I could never get the ODORS out of it . I ended up buying the other changing pad , and a nice pink terry cover . I still wash this new one once a week , but I only have to spray and wipe the pad !! Easy & clean !
 I read the reviews that were previously posted and I decided to ignore them because they were quite negative and I truly wanted this crib set . I learned an expensive lessons , do n't ignore the reviews . The quality is very poor . The bumper lost it 's shape 2 weeks after my baby played with it . The quilt tore at the seams of each patch . The materials are very frail ! I know it 's hard to take advise from a stranger , but believe me this is definitely not worth your money !
 I too ignored the bad reviews and learned my lesson . - The bumper ties were not finshed right . It also lacked ties on both side . - First time I washed the set . The Comforter came apart at many of the seems . - Way over priced for the quality!DO NOT BUY . YOU WILL REGRET IT !
 This is the second one of these red Nautica blankets that I 've bought for my son . Both blankets came unraveled at the seam upon the very first wash . I washed in gentle cycle and used woolite . We also have this blanket in Navy and it 's great , but for some reason both of our red ones have come completely apart . I wo n't be buying any more red ones !
 Was considering this for my 6 week old twins but will look for something different.Very concerned to note the choking hazard warning and statement that it is n't suitable for children under 3 years when the description promotes it as a baby product - not a toddler product -LRB- and it does n't look that useful for 3 + year olds -RRB- . Either this product has a mistaken choking hazard/age warning or it really just should n't be for sale .
 I did n't like this product at all . It 's hard to see your baby . The material is too warm . I got the Hooter Hider and love it . It has boning material in the neck so you can see your baby easy . It breaths much better so your baby does n't sweat so much .
 Ugh ... your hair gets completely messed up when you place it over your head . If it had a Velcro or a zipper opening , then maybe it would be a better working product . I would n't recommend it and sorry that I had purchase it . This product was a hassle . I was better off just using a receiving blanket . Waste of $ $
 The mesh cover arrived with a snap missing . Very disappointing . The most annoying thing is the seller , Baby Bungalow , would not exchange it and just gave me the customer service number for Phil & Teds . Why could n't they just exchange it for new one , as if I had bought it in their store . Not cool . Will never buy from them again !!!!!!
 I have been using this gel for over three months with little to no change to my acne scars . In defense of the product , I have only been applying once a day instead of it 's recommended twice a day . Also , it says to consistently apply for 3 to 6 months so i will continue and am going to up the applications to twice a day . Will update the review ...
 I recently had back surgery which left me with a large scar on my back . I tried silicon bandages at first but it was hard to apply them on my back by myself . I found this gel and gave it a try . I applied it generously following directions 4 or 5 times every day for 9 weeks and the scar was only 2 weeks old when I started . Absolutely no difference from 9 weeks ago . I 'd give it 1 star but at least the gel makes massaging the area easier which eases some discomfort .
 I own the Zooper Boogie jogging stroller , and the Zooper Peas and Carrots highchair . I have been pleased with the quality and function of their products . The Hula stroller is not at all what I thought it would be . It is heavy , hard to open and close , the front wheels swivel after folding if you do n't lock them , and the plastic `` latch '' meant to keep the stroller in a closed position is a joke . Also the seat recline does not sit upright enough , and the storage basket is useless once the child is sitting in the seat . I would not recommend the Hula !
 My daughter sleeps in these at night for potty training purposes but since we started using this brand her bottom has broken out . Not sure what the `` Feel N Learn '' part is made of but it reacts badly with her bottom . We are getting rid of the rest of these and switching to a different brand .
 These are a cheap knock off of Huggies Pull-Ups . And once the side comes apart , you ca n't put it back together like with Pull-Ups . Over all a waste of money . Just use Pull-Ups , they 're worth the extra money ...
 This product rips easy and does not have the velcro like the huggies comparitive . The diaper seem to be cheaply made . The price was way more then the value out of these diapers .
 I used huggies pullups with my older child and started using them with my younger one . When they came out with Dora on the easy ups and our grocery store had a huge Dora display , my daughter had to use Dora not the pullups which have the disney princess design which she is not that into -LRB- I personally think the disney princesses are not a good choice for potty training age 2-3 year olds , I would assume that Dora would be picked by more children that age -RRB- . First off the smallest size they have is big for the average 2-3 year old . They did have a size 2t but from what I have seen it has been discountined . I do n't know if it is because they are a little big or the quality they do leak . I have never had a huggies pullup leak on me but these easy have on a regular basis . The design definetly got my daughter not wanting diapers and on the road to potty training but the leakage did n't make it easy for me . I would never use these for overnight use , pullups absorb so much better in an overnight situation . Now if pampaers could make a better product or huggies could make a better design then I would be happy !
 I received this item last night and decided to return it . I had wanted to see one in person before ordering , but Zoopers are hard to find . I had heard good things about the rest of the line , and the picture looked OK , so I decided to buy it sight unseen . In the meantime , I went to the local Buy Buy Baby to test drive last year 's Ingelsina Swift , which they have on sale right now . I really liked the Swift , but still hoped I would like the Zooper Salsa when it showed it . It is an OK stroller , but it just did n't measure up after seeing the Swift . Smaller seat , strange removable seat padding , recline is done by unsnapping a few snaps near the hood and is hardly worth doing anyway and a it has a flimsy mesh basket . I think this particular model -LRB- which I assume is the 2006 -RRB- is comparable to the Chicco C6/Capri and MAYBE the Volo . I was so disappointed because I think Zooper as a whole makes great strollers-this model just is n't its best .
 This is too thick and bulky to work well for my child riding in a forward-facing carseat . She likes it b/c it 's cute and wants to wear it , but it forces her head forward and when she falls asleep her head is just hanging down uncomfortably .
 This does not work . It 's not too thick and not long enough to be functional even for a small baby . It actually makes my daughter less comfortable when sleeping in the car . At best , it can be used by craming it in the space between your child 's head and the car seat as a `` prop '' but it certainly does not work well in it 's normal capacity.Would not recommend or buy again .
 Didn &#8217; t know when I bought it that it was for a toddler . I might have been shopping too quickly but think I would have noticed . It was very flimsy for support , but again , it was meant for an adult who likes horses . Oh well .
 We used it once ! The head of the animal makes it very difficult to position the baby head . Also , the material made him to sweat .
 Feels soft and comfy but does n't do it 's main function which is to support the head . Am disappointed with the product
 I needed some neck support when my 18th month old son falls asleep in his car seat so I purchased this item only to find that it is too soft to provide the much needed support . His head still slumps ackwardly to the side even when I use the lion head to try and help ease the slumping .
 I was very excited to find this product and read all the reviews . My daughter loves her little pillow , but it does not do the job . First , it sits little weird around her neck , pushing her head a little forward . Because of that , while asleep , her head starts popping in the front .
 I purchased this pillow as a gift to go along with the book `` If You Give a Dog a Donut '' , but the neck pillow that arrived was light blue with dark blue spots . The picture of the pillow shown was of a white dog with brown spots -LRB- just like the one shown on the book -RRB- . While the quality of the pillow is acceptable , the color is not . Unfortunately , I am stuck using it because I do n't have time to find something else .
 I bought the alligator and the cat for my 4 and 8 year old at Christmas . While they are VERY cute , and both kids like them , the pillow is too small . I bought them specifically for our long trips in the car and I will have to go out and buy some other kind of travel pillow , as these are too small to be a good neck pillow . Would be great for a very small child though .
 I was n't impressed . It did n't accomplish what I thought it would and did n't provide the neck protection I thought it would on travel . I can count on one hand how many times we used for our twins . I ended up giving away to a non-profit . It just does n't provide enough support .
 I placed an order on December 13 , 2012 for the Cat Noodlehead Travel Buddies Neck Pillow . It is now January 27 , 2013 and it still has n't even been shipped ... I am completely disappointed with the service , or the lack thereof .
 We bought this product for a 2000-mile road trip with our 14-month old . We found it was too thick to be helpful in keeping her head propped up in a good position as she slept to prevent wheezing . If we put it around the back or sides of her neck , her head would fall forward and her breathing would n't be smooth . If we put it around the front of her neck , it would n't stay put or she would pull it off . On the positive side , it worked reasonably well for me and my 16.5-inch neck , but we will be looking into something more wedge-shaped that goes around the front of the neck for the next trip with our toddler .
 My daughter is 10 months old and I bought this for her the month before she was born . So far , it is WAY too big for her . When I put it around her neck , her head is propelled forward in an uncomfortable position . Imagine using one of those Boppys in the car around your neck and you get the picture.As far as construction goes , very plush and fairly high quality . It came exactly as pictured.I wish I had waited until she was born because I think it would have been obvious to me that this is unnecessary . I am hoping that in a few years this will be the right size and she can get some use out of it . So far , it just sits at the bottom of her toy box .
 I bought this hoping I could use it for my son to give more support to his neck when he falls asleep in his swing . The product I received is more yellow than orange and it is way to big for him.I wo n't go through the trouble of returning it and I hope that it will work for him when he is older but hopefully he wo n't need it then .
 This pillow was very cute and soft , but way too large to fit my child 's neck . It fit my neck , but I already have a neck pillow .
 It took 2 people an hour to assemble the bed , at least two parts were defective , and after the back-breaking work we did n't feel it was worth the effort to disassemble and return it . I just hope it lasts for a month or two . I guess that 's what you get for forty bucks !
 We bought this bed for our daughter even after reading the reviews about the problems other people had ... we hoped for the best . Unfortunately , we encountered the same problems of poorly designed pieces that did not fit together the way the manufacturer intended . The right bed guard will not stay attached . I guess you get what you pay for ! It is a cute bed but just not worth the trouble .
 I was very tickled to find this bed this morning at a Toys R Us store . But when trying to assemble it I found the instructions confusing . None of the pieces are marked and the screws wo n't line up with the holes . The screws wo n't screw in straight resulting in a very rickety bed that has fallen apart . Now I am left with a pile of scratched up pieces and stripped out screws that I am taking back as soon as possible .
 UPDATE
 I , too , almost purchased a white Koala Baby dust ruffle to go with a Classic Pooh & His Honey Pots comforter . I saw it at Babies ` R ' Us and could n't believe how poorly made it was . The fabric was flimsy and the length of the drop was shorter than any dust ruffle I have ever seen . Also , there was no hem on it ; it was just sewn over ! Probably the cheapest quality baby item I 've ever seen !
 I really wanted to love these products but I could not get past the smell ! To me it was too strong and it covered up the `` baby smell '' that I love . Fortunately I found the Lavanilla baby products after this misstep and my baby smells like a baby again !
 I am not a fan of Mustela newborn products . They are over priced and the smell is so strong -LRB- think old lady -RRB- and lasts forever ! I know we each have our own personal preference when it comes to smells so I suggest you try before you buy .
 I have used Seventh Generation for a year and love them . My son was between sizes so I thought I would try TenderCare to try to get a better fit . I have had two boxes sent on different occasions and as soon as I opened a package up I smelled an odor . I opened a diaper up and sniffed the center and I definitly smelled a distinct `` petro '' like odor coming from it . My husband did also , and he is not nearly as chemically sensitive as I am.I called the company and they told me I must have received a `` defective '' batch , but the next box was exactly the same . I do n't know what the smell is , but I do know enough to stay away from it . I am sure it has something to do with the super-absorber . Seventh Generation have absolutely NO odor to them at all . As far as the tabs go , I have not had a problem with them . You have to make sure that the front of the diaper is pulled around to the back and there is some diaper material between the tab and the leg . Also , no marks from the elastic other than the norm because if there was n't any elastic you would have a mess . Make sure it is a good fit , it does n't have to be tight to work well . Who cares if they are brown , it is a light brown and matches the skin better than a bright white diaper . The baby looks au ' naturale and that is what nature is all about . They do not look dirty and whoever is telling the person in the other review that the baby always looks like he/she needs a changing is rude and could use a moral value upgrade . No rashes here , every baby is different and some will just be allergic to something in any diaper . It could also be the laundry detergent residue left on the clothing , but that is a whole other story.Seventh Generation are thin and the best for a super-absorbent diaper . They are as close to natural and safe as you can get for using a super-absorber in them . If there are any others out there I have yet to find them.I have used Tushies Diapers -LRB- who make TenderCare -RRB- and they have NO odor and are a truer chemical-free diaper because they do not contain a super-absorber so they claim . They are a little thicker because they use woodpulp to absorb the wetness . These are the best choice if you want the no-chemcial diaper without going to a cloth diaper which is by far the very best eco-choice .
 i 'm glad they are n't bleached , but i 'd rather have beige diapers that are stretchy & more comfortable for my little one 's tush , like 7th Generation . these were too stiff and did n't fit as well . and i really do n't like the sticky tabs - i prefer the stretchy velcro-like closures . not such a great bargain financially either .
 I love 7th Generation but do not care for Tushies . I found the tape fasteners on the sides either falls off from the diaper or does not stick . The cut of the diapers are very bulky and ill fitting . The diapers get soaked very quickly . NOt recommnended !
 I ordered these diapers for my one year old son just recently . I was so excited to buy them because I read that they are the most pure and natural diapers ever created . As a mom I research for the best out there for my child , but I think this time it backfired on me . These are the worst diapers ever . First of all , it 's 5 times thicker than all the diapers out there . Secondly , the leakage protection is no protection at all . My son 's pooooooo just comes out on all sides of it and covers his pants . Third , the absorbency just made me go nuts . My son urinated on our bed a lot of times just after using these diapers a few times at night . I had to change his clothes during the night and disturb his sleep because of it . The only good thing about this experience is that I 'm glad I only ordered a few . But I wish I had gotten more honest reviews from people about the truth . Regardless , I found the best one ever and it 's an award-winning diaper from Sweden . I would n't recommend buying Tushies diaper at all . If you 're thinking of using an all natural , you just might as well use a cloth diaper . This one certainly is n't worth your money .
 I would not recommend this Diaper Backpack at all ... it is big & bulky . The insulated portion is almost as large as the remainder of the storage space -LRB- neither big enough to store daily necessities . We had this bag one week and the interior tore ... we have had it 3 months and the mesh on the outside is unraveling . Definitely not a quality diaper bag .
 I added this to my registry and thought it was a great thing to have , boy was I wrong . It dries out like 10-15 wipes and even turns them brown . It also makes the wipes smell funny . Maybe it would be better if once it hits a certain temp it turns it off automatically and once they get cold it turns back on . If I could rate it a 0 I would .
 The bonus diaper organizer is cheap and hold very few newborn diapers . Size two and up diapers wo n't even fit into it . Poor contruction and wo n't fit on any combo changing table . The warmer dries out and browns wipes . Does n't comes with pop up top so you ca n't use these types of wipes . I exchanged it for the Lionheart brand and much more satisfied . I do not have all these problems with the Ultimate . With the ultimate you have the option of pop up top or regular .
 After purchasing the Especially For Baby wipes warmer two months ago for our daughter 's room , I 'm researching other brands . The brackets for the side of the changing table were too big for our table , nor did the diaper holder hold more than a few diapers . The warmer continuously dries out the bottom 1/2 inch or so of wipes , and the Pampers pop up wipes do not fit . Being that this is the only type of wipe my daughter 's skin tolerates , it really has not worked out well for us .
 That is what happened to us . The warmer dried out the wipes and I had to throw them away . I personally ca n't waste money like that .
 I bought this because of the wipe warmer , but it is terrible . The wipes at the bottom will dry out and turn brown within just a few days , and the insert for `` pop-up '' wipes wo n't stay down in the unit , so it just comes out with the wipes , making it impossible to grab a wipe with one hand . The unit is supposed to snap on top of the organizer , but mine kept sliding off . I gave up after a few weeks and just took the unit off the organizer , and super-glued a regular wipe container on top of the organizer , that I just keep buying refills for . My baby does n't seem to mind cold wipes.I still use the organizer , though , and I like it . It says that it holds about 20 diapers , but when your baby is little , and using diapers through size 2 , you can turn them sideways so that you can actually fit in twice as many in two rows instead of just one . They slide out easily and never seem to get stuck in the netting . The little pockets on the side are handy for a tube of diaper rash ointment , etc. .
 First , let me share THE SECRET TO STOPPING THE BROWN WIPES ! ... when you have used about 3/4 of the wipes , go for a refill and take the ones on the bottom and out , put the new ones in and put the others on top . Takes two seconds and because you do n't let them go all the way down to the bottom before refilling they do n't dry out . Wipes dry out becuase there are not enough in the container to maintain the moisture.Second ... BUY A DIFFERENT WARMER ! The organizer does not hold diapers past a size 1 without a cramming struggle to get them in and zip . The warmer just stopped working for no reason . The hooks are not that versitile and are awkward.I suggest buying a plastic organizer with the tray for the warmer on top -LRB- make sure it 's big enough for a warmer and not just a tub of wipes !! -RRB- .
 This product is definitely not worth your time or money ! It dried out and turned brown almost an entire stack of wipes before we could get through them ! Do n't waste your time , money or wipes on this product .
 I really like the idea of nice warm wipes but since having used this product I have found that they dry out and are of NO use . I truely am dissapointed in this product .
 I purchased this after I had my son thinking it would be useful . I found that when it got low on wipes it would burn onto the bottom . It was disappointing that it did n't work better than it did . The only good thing about this product was that it did heat the wipes nicely .
 I registered for this item , against the advice of several friends , and within 3 days , I figured out why . The warm wipes are a blessing to any parent and child , especially at 3am . However , having them turn brown , and dry up is certainly not . This item was out of the box for exactly 3 days , and returned within a week . Next I 'll try the Prince Lionheart one ...
 I HAD TO HAVE ONE THINKING THAT IT WAS A NESSITY , BUT I 'VE NEVER HAD TO USE IT ONCE . I THINK THAT ITS REALLY A WASTE OF MONEY.THE BABY HAS NEVER COMPLAINED OF THE WIPES BEING TO COLD , EVEN AT MIDNIGHT CHANGES.ITS MORE A LUXURY THAN A NESSITY .
 I recieved this as a gift and found there were too many problems.It dries the wipes out , especially if you buy the thicker wipes . I suggest going with the really thin , un-quilted kind to retain the heat.The wipes do n't stay warm very long after you pull them out of the warmer.The organizer is useless - it does n't hold anything and it does n't stick onto the crib very well.I do n't know about you , but I do n't have an extra outlet and I do n't need another cord to trip on in the middle of the night.Still , It 's an attractive case and you can buy wipes in bulk and then put them in the warmer .
 It 's not worth your time or money to buy this . It dries out the wipes and if you keep it on most of the time , it burns the bottom wipes . Now it just sits in the drawer . Hopefully we can pawn it off at a garage sale .
 I received this product as a gift . While it does warm the wipes nicely , the last 20 wipes are bone-dry and need to be thrown out .
 I thought this product was a great idea . But each time I would wipe my childs bottom she would cry , the wipes were only warm in the container , the moment I took it out to use , it was cold . Great idea , horrible product .
 My brother bought a wipe warmer for mt daughter before she was born . We had n't registered for it because we thought it was silly . We decided not to return it and actually try it out . First of all , not all wipes fit in it . Many are too wide and have to be folded to fit in . The worst part about it is that the bottom ten or so wipes dry out . The last few actually turn brown . We were worried it was a fire hazard , so we put it away . It will go in our next garage sale with a warning to the buyer !
 I 've always been against wipe warmers . They make baby get used to a certain degree of warmth , and when you 're out and about , -LRB- say at the store -RRB- and your wipes are n't warm , they 're all fussy about it . I got this as a gift however , and I thought why not . Bad idea . He expected the wipes to be warm , and did n't like them cold at all . I gave it away . However , it 's not like my wipes are all that cold to begin with . I keep them near -LRB- not close to , but near -RRB- a vent so they 're warm in the winter , and in the summer the cold feels good . In the car , they 're usually warm . For decades , baby 's have been cleaned with cold wipes . So what ?
 I found the warmer to dry the wipes out , I would put some water , although it advised not to , but it helped very little . The wipes werent always all that warm . And the bottom of wipes would turn brown . . which does happen in other warmers . Overall , I 'm not that happy with the product . Which is suprising , the brand is usally pretty reliable .
 I got this as a gift and hated it . The `` browning '' on the bottom made me nervous , because it meant that I had a device in the nursery that was constantly COOKING something ! If the wipes are drying out AND being heated , I see that as a fire hazard . AND it left a hot spot on the dresser ! I 've never heard of anyone 's house burning b/c of wipe warmers , but I do n't want to be the first !
 The wipes dry out and it is not a practical thing . I was under the impression that my poor baby would have to deal with super cold wipies and I had to have the wipey warmer . Totaly untrue ... all you have to do is rub the wipey in your hands and it will be body tempature and that is just fine for baby . My baby has never cared if his wipes were warm or cold . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . Go buy some toys , or something the baby will really enjoy .
 While it did warm the wipes , it has some problems . I noticed that the wiring was flaky ; it was plugged in , but not warming . I had to reposition where the power cord sat and it was fine . It seems to easily come off the organizer . Ours dropped once and one of the posts that makes the lid hinge broke . Depending how you have the diapers in the organizer , trying to take one out could send the rest to the floor . Overall , something I could do without .
 This thing is a waste ... do n't get it . Believe me , at 2:00 am when you are changing a diaper , the last thing you want to think about is warming up a wipe . It also dries up the wipes which is a real pain and waste of money . I would not recommend it . We used it for a few days and now it is just an expensive wipe holder .
 What a cold birthday present ! The Especially for Baby Wipe Warmer stopped heating the wipes on our little girls 1st birthday . After a year of warm wipes the sudden change was startling . I am very disapointed that the EBW does n't work anymore . We did n't use this wipe warmer hard . It did n't get moved or unplugged or played with . It just hung off of our changing table . I would buy a different brand that has a wipe pop-up feature and one that actually fits all sizes of wipes . I think the storage organizer is a waste too . The Especially for Baby Wipe warmer is poorly designed , manufactured and in general a waste of money . I 'm still trying to contact the company to complain .
 We were very disapointed in this product . The warmer dries out the baby wipes and the pampers brand wipes do not even fit . Who has time to fold all the wipes in half when filling the warmer ? The wipes on the bottom turned brown and looked like a fire hazard ! When you remove the warmed wipe from the warmer , it is luke warm at best so by the time it reaches the baby it has already cooled off . The pockets are too short to hold the diaper cream and other items . I am going to return this piece of junk to the store .
 I was so excited to get this warmer ! I hooked it up and loved the diaper stacker . It was so nice to have one.About a week later I started smelling something in the room that smelled dead . I searched and searched thinking I had lost a diaper . Finally when I ran out of wipes yesterday I turned it off till I got back with more wipes . When I walked into the room it was ` odor free ' !! I had tried everthing to get rid of that smell , candles , febreeze , lysol . nothing worked , but unplugging the warmer made it go away . That was the absolute worst smell I have ever smelt and I have 3 kids !
 We used this when our baby first came home and we loved that it kept the wipes warm . The problem is that it dries out the wipes . We were losing about 5-10 wipes each time we loaded it up because they were dry by the time we got to them -LRB- which was n't long with a newborn ! -RRB- . We stopped using it and it is now collecting dust . I do n't know if we will try it again , but we were not thrilled .
 I was happy to receive this wipe warmer as a shower gift but was soon disappointed as to how it worked . The Huggies wipes we use did not fit into the container unless we folded the edges up . The wipes all dried out after a few days & the bottom portion of the wipes all burned and turned an orange/brown color . The organizer caddy did n't fit our changing table as the bracket was too large . I am now going to research to purchase a different warmer .
 Save your money !! This product was absolutely useless . The warmer dried out the wipes , not to mention the moment the wipes hit the air they dried so quickly . Too bad cause it is a great idea , maybe spend the extra money and get the more expensive prince lionheart one .
 I would like for this to be warmer . The wipes cool in about three seconds . Also , the diaper organizer is good for keeping diapers in but the pockets are way too small . The biggest one holds a small bottle and that is what I used it for as my glider was next to the bed . All of my other suppies were to big .
 I was so excited to find a warmer & organizer at such a reasonable cost . Unfortunately I ended up spending more time than money with this . I exchanged it twice & the third time just asked for store credit . The first time I returned it was due to the brackets not lining up correctly , the second time was because the warmer had stopped working & the third time was again because the warmer had stopped working . This was very frustrating because the organizer was a big help . I eneded up purchasing a warmer/organizer from another company .
 The diaper holder is a great convenience . The warmer unfortunately is more of an inconvenience than anything else . The lid does not close tightly enough , so all the diapers dry out . By the time you get to the bottom ones , they are so dry and burnt , you may as well use cold wipes !
 The warmer does warm the wipes well , but we 've wasted a lot of wipes because they would dry out . You ca n't fit many diapers in the bottom part -LRB- as the baby grows , less room for bigger diapers -RRB- . I would not recommend this product .
 We tried this warmer for only about a week before returning it . The warmer part does n't seal so the wipes dried out after only a couple of days . The pockets in the diaper organizer part were n't big enough to hold powder or lotion .
 I ca n't figure out why everyone said I had to have one of these . They really did n't get `` that '' warm and besides after 1 month the unit started to smell funny . It also dried them out a lot quicker and found myself throwing alot of my wipes out . Not going to risk having this in my babies room !
 When our first son was born this past May , he hated cold wipes so we thought this would be the perfect answer . NOT ! The wipes always dried out and the bottom ones were burnt . Needless to say , our son got used to the cold wipes ! Not worth the money .
 dry wipes and poor design . The brackets caused the organizer to lean forward therfore the entire warmer falls off when getting a wipe out . Very annoying , and even more so during the night .
 I bought this warmer based on a suggestion from a friend and i really do n't care for it . not only does it `` cook '' the wipes on the bottom of the warmer but it dos n't have a separator as a few other brands do . bottom line , by the time you 're done pulling the wipes apart they 're cold . I 'm going to get rid of this one and get a different one . as for the metal hanger and diaper holder , -LRB- ... -RRB-
 We bought this before our sone was born thinking that this was a good idea and also after reading other reviews . But it was not worth the money . The wipes dry out and you waste more wipes this way .
 Like most other parents , I was happy at finding a warmer at a reasonable price , and this worked well for the first year but then it quit.The organizer caddy was handy . It attaches to the side of your diaper table or crib with brackets that are included . Also included are some rubber `` things '' that help you adjust the brackets for a smaller widths ; for instance , if you are attaching to a table instead of a crib . The front of the caddy is a zip-up net and inside you can fit about 15-20 diapers . There are two pockets on each side that I use to keep small bottles of lotion , diaper cream , etc. . The warmer snaps onto the caddy so that it wo n't fall off the top easily.It also has a tendency to `` cook '' the bottom wipes and turn them dark yellow to brown . It seems this is a problem with most warmers that warm from the bottom.The wipes have a tendency to dry out , but I think that is the case with most warmers . I usually just add a bit of water every now and them to keep them from doing so -LRB- although this particular brand recommends against it , but my current one recommends TO DO it -RRB- . I was disappointed to find out that there was no warranty when it quit working . I spent the same amount of money on one at Wal-Mart and it has a 5 year warranty - long enough to at least get me through the diaper stage!Specifics
 As the mother of my third baby I know how important it is to have a well organized changing station . So I thought what a great idea ... it warms the wipes , holds , diapers and all baby 's lotions too . WRONG!It does warm the wipes but it also dries them out in lightning fast time -LRB- 2 days max -RRB- ... you can add water to them to remoisten them but this results in scalding the wipes near the bottom . The compartments on the sides of the organizer for lotion , diaper rash cream , thermometer , nasal aspirator , etc ... are virtually useless ... the items do fit in there and they FALL OUT ! Small sample sizes will stay put but anyone who has a baby knows that buying in bulk saves you money . Next , the diaper storage area is so flimsy that the walls bow out away from the diapers when they are items placed in the side compartments . This results in diapers falling out of the stacker because the zipper rides up and opens . Also , I did not like the way this fit onto the crib or changing table ... the pieces used to secure it stick out and it is possible for your baby to get a hold of them.I do not recommend this product . Save your money and warm the wipes in the palm of your hand for a few seconds before cleaning the baby with them . You 'll be happier and so will your baby .
 The first problem i found with this is that the wipes would dry out and turn brown/yellow . Also it does n't have a pop up container so you have seperate each wipe individually , which is not easy when your changing a crying baby . The bonus organizer is supposed to hang from the side of the changing table , but it does not fit , the bracket is to big .
 I have had this warmer less than 2 weeks . It burned the wipes on the bottom of the stack . The last 3-4 wipes are complete singed . This is not a safe product . I feel very lucky that nothing worse burned !
 I was very excited when I purchased this item I thought it was a great idea until I discovered it would dry out the wipes before I could even use them !
 Do n't waste your money buying any brand wipe warmer , let alone this one . I used both , the Especially for Baby and Lionhart , and both dried out half of my wipes each time I refilled . Also , it does n't provide that much warmth for the wipes -- maybe `` room temperature . '' I used the wipe warmers -LRB- after returning them twice -RRB- for about two weeks , then gave up because both broke -LRB- or stopped heating the wipes ! -RRB- . I do n't even think my daughter even noticed when I stopped using them -- at least she never seemed bothered by the cold ones . Besides , I have a feeling the containers harbor bacteria and mold -LRB- after a while of being moist inside -RRB- so it may not even be healthy !!!
 pockets are too shallow and do n't hold lotions or powder ... do n't really hold much of anything bigger/taller than q-tips or alcohol swabs ... diaper section is okay but not really ideal ... does n't hold enough diapers , constantly would have to be refilling it . Wipe warmer was best feature and was okay but at the same time was n't that great ... if do n't keep full at all times seems to burn and dry bottom 1/3 of wipes in container ... if looking for a wamer , go for the seperate pop up type ... and for storage just go for baskets to store things and place on changing table or get a changing table with drawers to store things in ... also , entire item does n't really hang well on the side of my changing table , not very secure ... definately would NOT recommend .
 A friend recommended a wipe warmer after he got one for his 4th child . Since the Especially For Baby one seemed a reasonable price , we experimented with it . Unfortunately , it does n't work well with either of the wipes we tried - Pampers or Huggies . And the extra storage just did n't provide much `` storage '' . So we 've taken it back and our daughter does n't seem to mind the room temperature wipes that clean her cute tushie .
 This item is really a waste of money . The wipes do get warm , but they dry out so fast that you can only get through half a stack before having to throw them away . Further , it warms from the bottom , which means that the ones that get dried out are the ones that are the warmest ... totally defeating the purpose of the product . Huggies wipes are the quickest to dry out . Pampers wipes tend to stay moist longer , BUT ... they make so much condensation on the lid of the warmer that I make a mess just reaching in for the wipe . Bottom Line
 I RECEIVED THIS AS A SHOWER GIFT FOR MY NOW 3 MONTH OLD LITTLE GIRL . I THOUGHT IT LOOKED LIKE A GREAT IDEA , AND IT WOULD HAVE BEEN IF THE PRODUCT WAS MADE A WHOLE LOT BETTER . FIRST OF ALL THE MACHINE SHOULD BE BATTERY OPERATED NOT PLUG IN . IT WOULD BE SO MUCH MORE CONVENIENT THAT WAY . SECOND OF ALL IT DRIES THE WIPES . LASTLEY THE UNDER COMPARTMENT IT TOO FLIMSY TO HOLD ANYTHING . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT . EVEN IF YOU RECEIVE IT AS A GIFT RETURN IT FOR STORE CREDIT AND GET SOMETHING YOU CAN REALLY USE .
 As most of the customers stated , it does dry out the wipes at the bottom and turn them a yellowish-brownish color . I did not think of the idea to keep those wipes at the bottom all the time , so I did end up wasting quite a few wipes in the process . Also , I did not like how hot the bottom of it got . This made me a little paranoid to leave the warmer on when I was not in the house ... I always turned it off . But , this is the only wipe warmer that I have owned , so I suppose maybe all wipe warmers get extremely hot at the bottom . I also did not use the hanger for the wipe warmer . Unlike many of the other customers , I found it to be a little annoying and in the way . I also tried to use the insert to have an opening in which to pull out the wipes , but found that the insert usually came up with the wipe.On the good side though , I did not have that many wipes dry out , and the condensation that comes from the wipe warmer being closed seemed to keep most of the wipes moist . All I can say is that I 'm glad that I did n't buy it , and if I had the choice , I would probably look around for another one before purchasing this one . But , like I said , I guess it gets the job done for the price that you pay for it .
 I had the organizer all set up and stocked with diapers and wipes . Everything was blissfull for the first few days of diapering . Then the honeymoon was over . I went to pull a NEWBORN diaper out and the flimsy zipper broke . It would probably work better if there were a zipper on each side for easier loading . My changing table dresser combo unit obviously does not hold the unit as it needs to hang in order to fully function , so I hung it on the side of the crib . Not a good idea . They make the hangers so large that you need to use the plastic pieces to hold it up . They fell into the crib -LRB- luckily when my son was not in it -RRB- . As the stack of diapers goes down , the organizer collapses and eventually the diapers fall out . The organizer is useless in every way except wasting my time and energy . The wipe warmer works alright . It does warm them however , if you put too many in you will have quite a few burnt ones at the bottom . If you dont put enough they will dry out really quick . I have yet to use every wipe that I put in the warmer at a time . I only change it because the wipes are burnt or dry . I hate having a warmer and having to change my son with cold wipes because the wipes went bad . One revier I read a while back said to just turn it off every now and then , that is great if you leave your house for a while and dont need it . All that saved was electricity . All the wipes were dry when I returned . However if you are like me and deem it absolutely necessary to wave warm wipes , be prepared to throw out plenty of wipes . My son is now 2 and 1/2 months old and I think I have thrown out close to 250 wipes already . I gave it one star for warming the wipes .
 My husband purchased this item for our daughter . It does it 's job , though we had to change from pampers wipes to ones that are more narrow to fit in the holder . The problem that I have is that if it is 2/3 full or less , the wipes on the bottom dry out and seem to start to burn ! I pull out 4-5 wipes weekly that are dry and orange/charred from the heating element on the bottom . I seem to be refilling it more than once a week to try and combat the drying out . Also , instead of using the storage we put it on the dresser , which also gets too hot to touch if it is moved . It just seems a little dangerous to me . Not worth the money . I wish the stores or online store sold the wrap around warmer . It wraps around any wipes container that you have and plugs in . It does n't get too warm , but still manages to warm the wipes . AND it 's half of the price !
 Warmers stated `` will not yellow the wipes '' . BULL ! Not only do they turn yellow they dry out ! I had my warmer plugged it for 1 month and through it out ! Every mom thinks they NEED warm wipes . Use a conventional warm wash cloth . It 's better for baby anyways . To much chemicals . Save your money ladies !
 I HAD TO HAVE ONE THINKING THAT IT WAS A NESSITY , BUT I 'VE NEVER HAD TO USE IT ONCE . I THINK THAT ITS REALLY A WASTE OF MONEY.THE BABY HAS NEVER COMPLAINED OF THE WIPES BEING TO COLD , EVEN AT MIDNIGHT CHANGES.ITS MORE A LUXURY THAN A NESSITY .
 The container says that it fits all wipes , so we bought it . Our 2 week old screams when the cold wipe touches his bum . After putting it all together and plugging it in we realized that Pampers wipes do not fit in the warmer . It was a huge disappointment !
 First of all , this thing dries out wipes , even if you do add the 1/4 cup of water you 're supposed to add every couple of days ! It also restricts you in the kind of wipes you can buy ... forget getting Chubbs in its round container , for instance . The little storage area is a nice idea , but it 's rather flimsy and not very supportive . Your best bet would be to get one of the wrap-around warmers , which have cute pastel designs on them and mold to the shape of the wipe tub . These take up far less room and are much easier to clean , too . This one ? You 'll be continuously wiping it down , when it has n't fallen over , that is .
 I loved this product at first and I know my daughter enjoyed it for the first two months . After a while though , it began drying out too quickly and literally burning the wipes on the bottom . The last thing you want to have to do is throw away 1/3 of your wipes because they are brown and dry .
 I thought this would be a wonderful way to be nice to our baby with the warmer wipes but it seems like they feel good when I initially open the door and get the wipe but it seems like they are already cold again by the time I start using it on the baby . Also the bottom few wipes always seem to get dry and brown so we waste a few wipes with each refill . It 's an OK product but if I would n't buy it again .
 My daughter received the wipe warmer at her baby shower . Less than 2 weeks later , as I was changing my granddaughter , we noticed that the wipes were bone dry and they were starting to turn brown on the bottom as though they were beginning to burn . My daughter immediately unplugged the warmer and returned it to babies r us the very next day . As it was on her registry , they took it back and gave her a different one by another company .
 We bought this wipes warmer for our son 's room and it was awful . The wipes were always hard and brown at the bottom . We wasted more money throwing ruined wipes away . We returned it and bought the Prince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmer . We 've had that one for 8 months now and never had a problem with burnt wipes . I should have paid the money and bought that one in the first place . Do n't waste your money or time buying this wipes warmer - it is cheap and you will regret it .
 This warmer is OK . It warms the wipes and has storage for diaper creams and diapers . It is not wise to put an entire pack of refills in it as they do dry out and the bottom ones will turn yellow and brown . My biggest problem was that it does not enable you to use the pop-up wipes . You can not pull the wipes out one-handed because it will not disperse the wipes one at a time . If I tried to pull out one wipe - ten would come out due to the way the wipe companies fold and interlock the wipes . Unfortunately all of the wipes we purchased are folded to work with a pop-up dispenser . I eventually just put this away and stopped using it .
 Please do n't waste your money . It dries out the wipes so bad . I stopped using it almost immediately . I 'll listen to what other reviewers say next time .
 the directions are too complicated , my daughter is now three , i have another baby and still ca n't figue it out .
 I registered for this since we live in a two-story house and I thought that it would save me from having to go downstairs in the middle of the night . The 8 oz . Dr. Brown 's bottles do not fit in the cooler section . This is a waste as I would need to have 2 items set up , one to keep bottles cool and one to heat . I will be returning this disappointing item .
 How convenient of this product , to have a nice unit like this to keep on your nite-table so when your baby is hungry in the middle of the night you can have a bottle explode on you and formula go all over your room ... . and your baby !!!! We used this product exactly as it directs in the manual . How can they make such a dangerous product , `` especially for babies '' -LRB- as it 's called -RRB- . When it DID work before , it was very inconsistant . What is the purpose of this ? To one day burn a hole in my baby 's mouth ?
 We bought this warmer thinking that it will save us alot of time heating our daughter 's bottle . I followed the directions as stated and I still ca n't get the bottle to warm properly . Sometimes the water will dry out before the milk even gets warm . Its just frustrating that I ended up using the microwave or stove to heat her bottle . There are alot of guessing work on how much water to use even though it came with a small cup to measure the water . The small cup just does n't work since the machine will automatically shut off when the water container dries out but the milk is still cold . Waste of money . . plan to sell it on ebay .
 I could n't wait to get this home ... so my little one would n't need to cry while I went downstairs to heat up a bottle . I set this up in the nursery and did a test run . The first time I used it , nothing happened . The bottle remained cold . Then I waited the recommended 15 minutes and tried it again . This left part of the milk scortched and the bottom of my Dr. Brown 's bottle melted . This product is complex and unpredictable . I will be returning it today .
 Takes too long to warm bottles . We returned it . It can only hold 2 bottles in the cooler . We tried stacking 2 little ones on top of each other , but then the top did n't fit on and bottles did n't stay cool . Maybe it 's better for older babies who only take 2 bottles at night , but for frequent feedings , it 's not good . We returned this and got the Heathflow Munchkin warmer . Very fast ! We used our own cooler to keep the bottles in .
 We 've found with our unit that the heating element at the bottom of the burner is disintegrating and turns the water brown ! The bottles end up smelling like they 've burnt and the brown yucky water coats the outside of the bottles . Perhaps we 've been using it incorrectly , but we are very dissatisfied with it .
 In my opinion this product is a total waste of money . It is impossible to figure out the right amount of water to use because it is inconsistent from one time to the next . I will finally think I have it figured out and then the bottle will come out either too hot or too cold the next time . I bought this product to try to save time but it usually ends up taking even longer . Either the bottle comes out too cold and I have to warm it up longer -LRB- and constantly check it to make sure it does n't get too hot -RRB- or it comes out too hot and I have to cool it down . It is not much fun to deal with this while trying to calm a fussy baby . I have found that it is much easier and quicker just to use hot tap water .
 I did not have much luck with this warmer . I purchased this warmer because I liked the idea of storing the bottles in my bedrrom opposed to having to go downstairs in the middle of the night to retrieve a bottle from the fridge , but the warmer is ineffective.The warmer is built to carry an ice pack and two bottles in its cooler . The idea is when the baby wakes in the middle of the night you can just go to the warmer , pull out a bottle from its cooler , add water to the warmer , and warm the bottle . The thing is , the bottle does not warm effectively . I was using the bottles with the bags . The bottles took so long to heat . Then the warmer would cut off and my bottle would still be cold . So I would have to run to the bathroom and place the bottle under the hot water faucet to continue heating .
 This warmer heats the bottles well . However most of the bottles I have heated have leaked into the warmer . We have wasted a lot of valuable breast milk with this machine . I have tried different types of bottles with different amounts of milk and they still leak
 I registered for this bottle warmer thinking it was a great idea . I hate it . I CAN NOT figure out how much water to use to heat the bottles . I ALWAYS either overheat or hardly heat the bottles . You get these little `` cups '' to pour in the water to the warmer . It never works the same twice . It is awful when the baby is screaming and the light goes off and you pull out a SCORCHING HOT bottle , into the freezer it goes and then you wait more ... waiting iS NOT FUN in the middle of the night . I recommend people do more research than I did when looking for a bottle warmer . Overall a bottle warmer is a good idea rather than the microwave .
 Bulky , bulky , bulky ! The first night coming home from the hospital I was setting this up . Began reading the instructions and realized you could n't use this for bottles containing less than 2 ounces of milk-how disappointing ! I ended up using a pan of water on the stove . I returned the warmer the following day . I may have kept it to use later if I had a 2 story house which I do n't . So if you have a one story house , this is will take up your much needed space .
 I just bought this warmer about a month ago . I was very disappointed with it . There was WAY TOO much guess work with the water . You think you have figured out the right amount of water you need to use and then all of a sudden the bottle is hot and the milk is cold or they are both way too hot . The bottle even started to smell like it was burning a couple of times . I dont have the time to try to keep guessing . Sorry but I wouldnt recommend this product to anyone .
 This bottle warmer failed to warm the bottle every time , I would skip this item .
 This item never made it to the recipent . It was returned to the warehouse and I am still waiting on my Visa to be credited , it is now 3 weeks and nothing . Not only did I have to involve the recipent and her Mother , but I can not get in touch with anyone at Amazon.com to help me . Never again will I order from Amazon.com .
 I bought this a few years back for my daughter . It would take FOREVER for the bottle to warm up and the milk was always too hot for my daughter to drink . Find another bottle warmer .
 This product does a great job of warming your babies ' bottle , but it is very , very inconsistent . My wife and I have tried to experiment with it several times under exactly the same circumstances , with the bottle coming out at extrememly different temperatures each time . If the bottle is too hot , you have to cool it down -LRB- eliminating the time savings of having a bottle warmer -RRB- , and if it does n't heat it suffciently , the instructions state that you must wait 15 minutes to use the warmer again ! Good for people who have to go downstairs at night to get \ warm a bottle ; for others , I question its ' usefulness .
 This does save time and some of the guesswork out of warming bottles , but I have to say that I 'm a little disappointed with the quality of the product . Like others that have reviewed this product we have had problem with the water turning brown and burning so we have to clean it out several times a month . Also , the top to the little blue vial has broken off so we can store water in it . Finally , the bottom of the tray that the bottle sits in has completely broken off and I ca n't find any way to get a replacement for it.I have also let the bottle get too warm sometimes and have had to deal with my baby getting over a burnt mouth -LRB- i have tried cooling the bottle down but it takes forever and my son would much rather have a too warm bottle than wait -RRB- . I do have one good comment . I do n't know why others have said that the large Avent bottles do n't fit . Mine fit fine . Perhaps they did n't take out the insert for thinner bottles ?
 I really wasted my money on this product . I can never get the bottle heated just right . The bottle is either tooooooo cold or tooooooooo hot . I tried pouring half of the the little blue tube in for a four ounce bottle it 's too cold . I tried the entire tube it 's very very hot . I would preferr to warm the bottle in a pot than to put up with this thing . I thought maybe it 's just me -- my husband has a hard time as well , it 's always too hot . In the mean time my daughter is screaming for a warm bottle . Please do not waste your money on this product .
 It was too much of a pain to put water in every time and took too long to heat up .
 I am very disappointed with this bottle warmer . I bought it after reading everything about it . It also has great reviews , BUT you can not use bottle liners in it . I had to find out the hard way by buying it , getting it home , setting it up , then reading the small print on the directions that say no bottle liners because the may melt or make the milk too hot . Please keep this in mind when deciding what to buy . I wish someone had saved me the trouble and money .
 It always over heats the bottle even when I adjust the water . I hate it .
 We tried this product out before the baby was born and the water never even warmed up . When we put a bottle in we had to leave it in so long and put it back in , it never warmed up . By the time our baby was born this product was back in the box in the closet . If I could find my receipt it would have been returned . Much easier just to warm the bottle in the sink with warm water .
 Do n't buy this-it steams the bottle so hot that you think it 's going to melt , the basket that you put the bottle in is n't big enough for wide bottles , only standard slim ones , if you do n't scold yourself trying to get the bottle out , you probably will when you test the milk-beware . I wish I saved my money , now I just use warm tapwater instead , works like a champ !
 the main problem i have with the warmer besides having to stand there and make sure it does n't get too hot , is the water turning brown and smelling bad ... at first my husband and i thought someone had spilled something in it but after cleaning it , it still continues to do it . i have read other reviews on here stating the same thing ... i usually end up holding the bottle under hot water ... very disappointing for this first time mom
 My husband and I purchased this item once and had to return it 3 times . the first night was great . The bottles were just warm enough to give to the baby.After the first night , the warmer heated the bottles too much or not enough . Most nights I had to still go downstairs to make a new bottle . Each time we got a new warmer , the same thing happened . Twice , the little basket that holds the bottle burned and smelled up the room . Save yourself the trouble and do n't use this product .
 There are two things I do n't like about this bottle warmer . First , and most important , is the mechanism the warmer uses to determine how long the bottle will heat . You have to fill a tiny bottle with water . Once the water has been all steamed away , the warmer turns off . The problem is that by filing the water to the top of the little bottle you can heat an 8 ounce bottle -LRB- I assume . My son is n't eating that much yet -RRB- . But if you need to warm less than 8 ounces , you have to guess at how much water to put in . If you do n't put in enough and the milk is still cold , you 're supposed to let the warmer cool 15 minutes before using it again Try telling that to a hungry baby ! If you put in too much water , you then have to cool the milk which will be way too hot . The second thing I do n't like about this bottle warmer is that the cooler compartment does n't fit the Dr. Brown bottles we use -LRB- the bottles are too tall -RRB- , so that is essentialy worthless to us .
 This product is overpriced for what it is suppose to do . I had to adjust the amount of water to use because it does n't work as the directions state . I even tried warming up the bottle twice in a row . Still had cold milk . It did manage to heat up the outside of the bottle , but still having ice cold milk inside just wasted my time , especially when you have a screaming hungry baby !
 This bottle warmer does not heat the bottles consistently . We always use the same bottles , always with 8 oz of formula , but sometimes the bottle heats to just the right temperature , while other times it is too cold or too hot . Also , the regular , 8-oz size Dr. Brown 's bottles are too tall for the cooling unit . Although it works okay most of the time , do n't waste your money on it . I am disappointed with it .
 Our experience was a combination of the other reviewers . We had to experiment with how much water to use , but we did figure it out easily . The auto shut off and night light were great , but eventually we found it easier to heat pre-made refrigerated bottles in the microwave , or make them fresh with powder and warm tap water -LRB- just shake and serve ! -RRB- . If you go the microwave route , experiment and you 'll find the right time - ours was 22 seconds on 50 % power -LRB- shake , test , and serve ! -RRB-
 I am very happy with the cooler part , it is very convenient . As for the warmer part , I ca n't use it at all . Before I purchased it , I read some of the reviews -LRB- most of them were 4-5 stars -RRB- including manufacturer 's review which said that you can warm any kind of bottle in this warmer . Well , `` any '' did n't work . I use Dr.Brown bottles -LRB- which are AWESOME by the way -RRB- , and I ca n't warm them in this warmer . I tried all possible water adjustments , nothing worked . So I gave up trying , and went with `` grandma 's way '' of putting bottle in a mug and under the running hot water . But I 'll say it again , cooler is very useful , especially if you do n't want to run downstairs in the middle of the night to get that bottle .
 This product is a total waste of money . The automatic shut-off does not work , so I had to constantly check to see if the bottle was warm . I exchanged it for a different one thinking maybe I had a defective warmer , but it still did not work .
 We tried every bottle warmer on the market and truth be told , they all worked inconsistently . We struggled night after night to get the bottles right until we figured out THE EASIEST way to do bottles of formula.We stopped using liquid formula , that needed to be chilled and then warmed , and instead went with powder . Here is what we did : - Measure out your powdered formula into a formula keeper . - Fill your bottles with the proper amount of water . - When the baby wakes up just open the bottle top , pour in the powder and stir it with a formula stir.Easy ... Easy ... Easy !! Bottles can be served room temperature and you never have to worry about burning the formula , burning your baby , waiting for formula to cool , formula spills , etc.It worked amazingly well for us and I wish we had done it from the beginning !! As for breastmilk , that 's a different story but for formula feeders , this is the only way to go .
 the good points
 The cooling unit does not keep two bottles cold enough for eight hours . Only after two months of use a hole formed in the ice pack . Also , you have to figure out how much water goes into the water holder or the bottle will over heat . I was not very happy with this warmer .
 We have not had much luck with the warmer . The warmer either warms the bottle too much or not enough . It also boils some bottles over into the well and it is a pain to clean . It is better then having to boil a pan of water and safer then the microwave . We just have to basically stand over it and keep checking the bottle to make sure it is not too hot .
 This bottle warmer is terrible . Here are just some of the reasons why : Bulky.Have to measure the amount of water . NOT something you want to do in the middle of the night.Will not defrost properly.Will not heat evenly.Will overheat . This is not a major issue for formula but a PROBLEM for breast milk.Cooler will not accommodate all bottles , could n't use with Dr. Brown.This thing is junk . It 's sitting in my closed and I ca n't even bring myself to donate it to the local Church , as I would hate for someone who 's less fortunate to become even less fortunate .
 While I found having a bottle warmer in our 2nd floor nursery to be invaluable , this particular one is not the one to buy . We only used the heating component as we had a mini fridge -LRB- tabletop size -RRB- for bottles for our twins . THe problem is that it has no way to alter the amount of water depending on the amount of milk you want to heat up . As a result , it is very easy to overheat the milk and that is incredibly frustrating after you have been bouncing your baby while waiting to heat up the milk . The amount of water in the little container is only sufficient for an 8 oz bottle and my kids still do n't drink 8 oz at one time at 5 months of age nor do they need bottles at night anymore .
 After coming out of the dishwasher I squeazed the spout to get out the excess water -LRB- or so I thought ... -RRB- sour spoiled milk squirted out that collected in the under side of the spout . I had to throw it away . I only used it 3 times ! It is a bummer because I like the overall design of the cup with the handles .
 I never write reviews , so you know this is a horrible product if I 'm taking time out of my busy day to do just that . This cup constantly leaks , squirts water droplets into my baby 's nose -LRB- like other reviewers mentioned -RRB- and no matter how tight you think you 've screwed on the lid it will leak out the sides . I 've tried using it without the handles , and it 's still a mess . It leaked water in my car during a hot summer day and next time I got in the car it had mildewed and the whole car had to be aired out . My baby was constantly wet from using the cup , and I even had the owner of a retail shop ask me if she had wet herself . I looked down to see what he was talking about . Her bottle was sitting in her lap tilted to the side -LRB- which should n't matter if it worked properly -RRB- and all the water had leaked out , soaking her stroller , the owner 's floors and my daughter 's clothes . That was the last straw . Just bought a Gerber Nuk sippy cup . It 's WONDERFUL . No leaks , imagine that ! See link below.Gerber Graduates by NUK BPA Free Fun Grips Soft Starter Spill Proof Cup 2 Hand le , 6 Ounce , 2 Pack , Horizontal , Colors May Vary
 The handles are more confusing than useful for our daughter , she likes to hold the cup itself and tries to avoid the handles . And the handles were really the only thing special about this item because you can buy the sippy-cup-style nipples and just put them on a bottle . She likes that just fine , it 's less confusing - an easier transition . This item has basically sat in our cupboard the entire time we 've owned it .
 These cups are terrible . Every time my baby drops them , they start to leak from the loosening caused by the often minor jolt -LRB- I removed the handles , but still have the same result -RRB- . When he drinks out of them , they squirt water up his nose , he does n't like this . They leak in the diaper bag from loosening when lightly jostled . I have sections of floor that have been damaged by huge puddles left by these cups when I did n't notice a slow leak after baby left them on the floor . A fine product in the upright position for babies who do not drop or throw things and who do not mind water squirted into eyes and up the nose.Just to clarify , the leaking is not at the sippy spout , it is at the point where the cup is screwed together , the spout works fine -LRB- I also have 6 of them , all of them leak -RRB- . I have replaced all of my Avent sippy cups with Tommee Tippee and we really like those . I bought Avent because they are made in England and we liked their pacifiers , but this product is awful .
 My daughter has several different brands of sippy cups and these are her least favorite . She seems like she might have difficulty drinking from them , but I 'm not sure . What I do know is that almost every time she takes a drink , liquid spits out the air vent hole and shoots her in the nose . It 's a little funny at first , but she hates it.And I do n't like the nipples/spouts . According to another review here , you can take off the rubbery valve for cleaning , but I have n't figure out how to do that , it just seemed like it would break . The only way I can get them to dry inside is to put something in there to prop the valve open . And the once white nipples are now stained orange by her carrots/sweet potatoes/peaches so they always look dirty.The cap was a nice feature , but it broke.Overall , we like some of her other cups much better .
 Great bottles when used with nipples , terrible design with the sippy cup attachment . Valves are super tough to remove for cleaning , and they always are being cleaned . I recommend the First Years Clean & Simple , valve free ! sippy cups . They do n't offer them on Babies R Us online but the do have them in the store . They have them in 3 sizes , with handles and they do n't leak ! EVER ! When making the purchase do it right the first time . Not like me 4 sets later : o -LRB-
 I read all the Amazon reviews but still decided to go with the Avent sippy cup since I had relatively good experiences with the Avent bottles . Unfortunately , leaking is a real problem with these cups . Not only does the milk seem to pour out of the sides no matter how well I try to fasten the lid , but it does not flow easily for my son when he sips . He ends up with a mouth full of milk . So much for my efforts to get him to start using a cup . I orginally used Playtex and he liked that well enough . I only switched because the Playtex valve was hard to clean and easy to tear . Now , after wasting money on Avent , I 'll go back to Playtex and hopefully my son will be willing to give sippy cups another try . I do n't usually write Amazon reviews but I figured it was worth it in this case to save someone else the trouble . Unless you want milk EVERYWHERE , I would definitely avoid these cups .
 I am so disappointed by another Avent product that is just no good . Short term or long term these cups are not worth anything since they leak . My son 's cups have leaked on him , on the floor , in his diaper bag and in the car . I do n't understand why anyone if they say they have leaked would give this product anything but 1 star . Mom 's have enough too do -- running around cleaning after leaky , unreliable products is not fun especially for the price of the Avent Magic Cup .
 I too thought that since we had such great luck with Avent bottles , that we would love their `` magic '' cups . I am constantly cleaning up leaks from these cups . It seems like the lid and cup do n't seal together well enough to withstand any activity . I 'm sad to have to give Avent a bad rating , but do n't waste your money on these cups .
 I decided to give it a try despite some of the bad reviews , figuring they could be just unlucky . After trying these sippy cups a few times when my son was 6 month old , and again at 10 month old , I have to agree with these 1 star reviews ... it 's not your child , it 's not the parent , it 's the sippy cups problem : - Leaks no matter how many times I followed the instructions , re-read , assemble and disassemble . I use a phlilips avent steamer sterilizer for the bottle part only , and I thought I had warped it somehow so that it leaks from the sides . So I brought another one -LRB- and did not put it in the sterilizer or washing machine -RRB- and it still leaks !! :-LRB- - the flow is just too fast . I tried this sippy cup when my son was 6 months and he kept choking cause the flow was just too fast for him . I thought maybe he was n't ready yet , and this was a good sippy cup . I was wrong . I tried a few more times at 10 months old , the flow is just still too fast he ends up either choking or having his shirt soaked with water.It 's a cute cup , I hope it 's just a matter of bad quality control only and others have better luck with this .
 These are a waste of money . They leak after the baby removes the cup from the mouth and soaks the clothes they are wearing . They do not leak when inverted making you think all is well . It is only after it is removed from the mouth . I called customer service and they were rude . They claim the cup is designed to expel any leftover liquid in the spout the baby does not drink . Someone please tell me how to explain to my baby how it should drink every drop in the spout . Yeah , right . These cups are the worst and customer service sucks . No rebate or refundat all .
 These cups did not come with handles , and the spouts are green , not white . Not what I thought I ordered . Very disappointed .
 Avent makes the best washable baby bottles around , so we felt that their sippy cups would be just as good . Well we were wrong . Of the five cups we had , all of them leaked and have since been thrown out . The cups are five different pieces vs other brands that use three pieces , which makes them harder to wash , harder to put together , and more pieces to lose . As far as sippy cups go , these are among the most expensive you can buy and worst that we used out five different brands . We have had great luck with Greber 's and Playtex 's . Please avoid !
 I have a 131/2 month old daughter , and so far I have loved every Avent baby product I have tried.These sippy cups , however , were very disappointing and I am upset I wasted my money.My daughter is a sippy cup pro -LRB- Nuby , Munchkin , Playtex , and Born Free cups all work for her -RRB- yet she has difficulty drinking out of this cup and has to tip it straight up into the air and suck hard just to get any fluid out whatsoever . Do n't believe me ? You try it ! I certainly did . And the top part does LEAK . And yes , I have read the assembly instructions.There are superior products out there . Avent , you need a product redesign . Other parents , do n't waste your money . I would recommend Nuby , Born Free or Munchkin instead .
 I bought this cup for my 7 month old son because the description says the child does n't have to suck as hard for the water , juice etc. to come out . The first thing I did n't like was all the pieces - the cup , the handles , the ring , the spout , and two different disc inserts -- TOO MANY . Also he had a hard time drinking from it because the spout is so different from any other cups I 'd given him . I let my 2 year old daughter try them and she did n't like the spout either . I guess if you first introduce this cup and nothing else then your child may do well . But if they are used to the other rounder kind they probably wo n't like this one . Not to mention all the pieces that can get lost !!!
 These cups - the entire Avent line , for that matter - seem so wonderful in theory . But in practice , they 're pretty terrible , and I ca n't for the life of me figure out how the Avent line came to be so hyped . -LRB- A friend of mine speculates it has a lot to do with the cups , bottles , etc being pretty - I 'm inclined to agree . -RRB- In a way , these cups remind me of the nursery rhyme my mother would chide me with when I was younger , about the little girl with the little curl in the middle of her forehead . When she was good , she was very , very good - and when she was bad , she was horrid!When these cups are working right , they are wonderful ! But - These cups are STRANGE . Sometimes they work , sometimes they do n't . There does n't seem to be any rhyme or reason to them . Sometimes they leak from the spout , sometimes they leak from the collar , but the same cup will not always leak in the same way , if it leaks at all . Avent bottles have the same leaky collar issue and if you call Avent they will tell you that you must have over-tightened the collar , that the collar is supposed to be tightened using the clear plastic over-cap , not touching the collar directly . Huh ? Who would think to do it that way ? Why would you put a cap on just to tighten the collar and then remove it ? But it 's a moot point because any way I do it , loose or tight , collar or cap to tighten , sometimes they leak , sometimes they do n't . All that is after you account for the fact that the larger cups only come with the harder green spouts , which are for toddlers . This is OK , I suppose ... but the white soft spouts just SEEM nicer , my kid seems to prefer them , and the green spouts are much harder to remove the valves from because they are so stiff ! So when I bought these cups I had to then spend extra money on the white spouts , and that is all we used - which may or may not account for my next problem . I do n't know if it strikes the green spouts or not.Over time , these cups stop working . You will hand it to your child , he will suck for a bit , get angry , and hand the cup back to you . You will try the cup . All you will get is a hiss of air , no liquid . Early on , you can remove the cap and press harder to snap the valve in place ... but then after a while , nothing works . You have to replace the caps and valves . And maybe I 'm just an idiot but it bothers me to throw away things that are perfectly OK , and it bothers me that you ca n't figure out just WHICH part of the cap/valve set has gone bad , you have to either replace all your caps and valves at once or end up playing sippy cup roulette having an odd mixing of new and old spouts/valves that may or may not work when you put them together.In short , this cups have nearly driven me insane.Oh , and my favorite , favorite part about these cups - NOT - is if you use them with the nipple , your kid can push the nipple down inside the cup and spill milk -LRB- or whatever -RRB- all over the place . My guy first figured this out while we were out in the stroller and he had a cup of strawberry kefir . A pretty much full cup . What a mess!These cups also hold sour milk smell worse than any other cup I have tried -LRB- and we 've tried a lot -RRB- They pretty much have to be washed in the dishwasher or else repeatedly sterilized which can get annoying . Of course this can be prevented by washing your cups immediately , every time , but let the mom who has never discovered a squirreled-away sippy full of homemade yogurt cast the first stone ... I guess the biggest thing these cups offer over the competition is they have caps . Most other sippies do n't - actually I do n't know of any that do . But we 've switched to playtex and I 'm pretty happy with them . No leaks , fewer parts , only one part to go bad ... Avent ... ugh . I 've used and hated the breastpump , the bottles , and now the sippies .
 These leak all over the place . When looking at the top of the cup , I have noticed that ours leak from around the rubberized circle part that inserts into the hard plastic screw on lid .
 I specifically bought these cups to use as a transition from bottle to sippy cup . Avent advertises them as such . The `` sippy '' piece is interchangeable with all Avent nipples . Great idea ! Start with the nipple , switch to `` sippy '' when Baby gets the hang of it . Here 's the trouble . The caps do n't tighten enough with the nipple in place . This causes two problems . The handles spin , making it tough for little hands to control the cup , and liquid leaks from around the nipple and the base of the cap . Very disappointing.The cups may become more useful as Baby gets a little older .
 I love Avent bottles , so I just went with these sippy cups out of brand loyalty . Thank goodness we only got two . One good thing is I think they are easy to clean . Now the bad stuff
 These bottles were great for the first several -LRB- 6 or so -RRB- months , until they started leaking . If you do not tighten them just right , milk pours out of the sides of the screw on lid . If you tighten it just right , milk still seeps out through the air vent on the top . So annoying and MESSY ! I would NOT recommend these nor will I buy more . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These cups leak like crazy ! I took pictures of them leaking . I will be uploading them into amazon 's product picture page , we 'll see if it 's approved . There is a hole at the base of the nozzle , right where it meets the colored plastic . I do n't know why the hole is there , but all of the cups have this design flaw . Do n't waste your money on these cups . They are cute , but they leak and make a terrible mess . I 've tried gerber cups and those were a lot better .
 I 've heard Avent bottles leak but never experienced it myself . I just bought the toddler cups and 18mths spouts and BOTH link . Not just a littler either but with every use . My daughter can shake milk all over the house if she pleases . I find this odd b/c the 6mths cups do n't link at all . I think these products are very hit or miss . You may get a leaky cup or you they may work great . ??
 I agree with the review that suggests some cups leak and some do n't . I purchased our first Avent magic sippy cup and was delighted to find it did n't leak at all . I then purchased a 2-pack of what I thought were the same exact cups . These leak all over the place ! I ca n't see any difference in the exterior of the cup or the writing/logo . The only difference I see is when I remove the lid . There is no clear plastic piece in between the green plastic and the clear rubber disc , like there is in the first cup we purchased . I 'm not sure if this is intended or some manufacturer defect . Maybe these cups are meant for older children ? My suggestion is check the cup immediately after purchase and do n't hesitate to return it if it leaks .
 I bought 8 of these cups . My son has been using them for 10 months . I have finally had enough and am going out to buy another brand . They leak around the collar if not tightened properly . They leak at the spout when dropped . There are too many pieces -LRB- cup , collar , spout , rubber gasket , hard plastic disc and handles -RRB- which make them a chore to clean . Sometimes when my son tries to drink from them , you just hear an `` air '' sound and he is getting no liquid . He must tilt the cup straight up in the air to get the last ounce of fluid out . However , I have not had any mold growing in mine -LRB- as other reviewers had happen . -RRB- They do have a soft spout which is what drew me to them in the first place since my son was teething at the time . I am very disappointed in this product since I only used Avent nursing bottles and was very happy with them . It seems that Playtex may make a better sippy cup , so I will be purchasing some of them .
 This is not a horrible product . Some young children find the spout easier than other sippies , and we used it as a transition sippy before switching over to the Playtex model.They will leak , but hardly in floods if our experience is any indication . The BIGGEST drawback is that they are a real * pain * to clean . Very difficult to clean by hand -LRB- take something else on vacation ! -RRB- and not all that convenient even when you do have a dishwasher at hand . There are just so many parts!Plus the handle and the ring thingie do n't fit into our bottle washing dishwasher basket.Two stars . You might want to try it for an older baby or toddler who is not adapting to other styles . But otherwise give it a pass .
 We bought the older model for my first son because it looked fun and boyish . His feet never touched the bottom , so I had to put telephone books underneath so he could bounce . He was never able to swivel around either . A couple of years later when my daughter was born , we brought it out of storage and had the same problem . Our babysitter had the regular exersaucer , and my daughter loved it and was fully able to bounce and swivel in that . Now that we are having our third child , we intend on getting the exersaucer . Maybe Safety 1st fixed this problem over the last couple of years , but I would have your baby check it out in the store before you buy it .
 I was so excited when I put this together for my son . He has played in the Baby Einstein exersaucer and was thrilled with everything ! I placed him in the Jitter Buggy and he bounced a bit , then stared at me . Nothing in it really captures his attention . I want him to explore , I do n't want to have to do it for him ! The sounds can only happen one at a time , which is a major flaw to me , because out of the `` 11 toys to entertain baby '' , 4 of them are the sound making toys hooked up to the D batteries . -LRB- The cell phone has sounds and it 's own battery pack , but it just plain sucks . The company counts the 3 cars on a wire as 3 separate toys , as well as 2 mirrors . -RRB- So , if the radio is playing , he has to wait before anything else makes a sound -LRB- or it cuts off the radio -RRB- . Here is what I liked about the Jitter Buggy :1 . Great idea for an exersaucer2 . The turn signals , vibrations and horn are cool3 . The bouncing is very entertaining to baby!Here is what I do n't like about the Jitter Buggy1 . Poorly thought out anf constructed ; it could have been so much cooler and educational .2 . Not enough stimulating toys to capture baby 's interest for more than a couple of minutes .3 . From seat to floor of toy is almost too tall ... My baby is in the 50th percentile for his age 27 '' at 5 months , but he is on his toes ! The seat adjuster is all the way out ! Max height is 32 '' on this toy .4 . Seat is too wide and does n't spin freely . Once again , I had to spin him.I was just very disappointed in this , and I am returning it for the Graco Baby Einstein exersaucer .
 I received the Jitterbuggy as a shower gift . She 's now 6 months old and is not entertained at all by the buggy . I was very dissappointed with it . Not only was it difficult to put together but , there 's not enough toys to entertain my daughter . I have the Baby Einstein excersaucer and she loves that . She will not stay in the jitterbuggy for longer than 10 minutes with out fussing . Spend the extra $ 10.00 and go for the Baby Einstein !
 I was told this item was new , but the entire plastic wrap was at the bottom of the beaten up box . The cell phone and screws , to secure the pieces together , were missing as well as the rollers for the seat , so it does n't turn like it is supposed to . I emailed Amazon , but never received a reply from the company and there is no number to contact anyone . I am very dissatisfied !!!
 This is a really nice toy . My son of 7 months loves it . But I think it should have been made a little easier to put together .
 I received this item as a christmas gift for my son when her was six months old , but did n't open it until My son absolutely loves this product . It 's very interactive and the music that plays while he walking makes him want to walk with it more often.I have one big issue with this item which is why it lost three stars . The issue I have is that the hole where a child can put the balls in is big enough to where my twelve month old could reach his hand and arm into it . I was in the next room working on dinner when I heard this blood curdling scream from my son . I went in to find out why and found he had his arm up to his elbow stuck in the ball hole . It took me a bit to angle his arm out . His arm was red for about an hour or so and it also left a small bruise .
 This walker I was hoping would work for my 91/2 month old who wants to climb and pull himself up on everything . I was hoping this would do it , not so much . When I picked it up from the UPS guy the package was large but I could easily pick this up with one hand while carrying my son . I guess this should have tipped me off to how light it would be . It snapped together easy without tools which is a plus and has brakes for the back wheels but all the wheels are plastic and because the thing is so light it slides everywhere even on carpet . He likes playing with the front and the lights/music he enjoys a lot but wants to climb up the front too but due to it 's lightness it would just tip over on him if I was n't there to prevent the thing tipping over . He can not even pull himself up from the back because again too light , tips . He might be able to use it when he is older -LRB- when he is better at walking but that 's kind of the point of why I wanted it -RRB- but not sure . I would return it but do n't know if I can take it apart again and he has used the front part which he enjoys but I can not leave him alone with it or in the same room with him as he is moving fast now -LRB- crawling -RRB- . So not what I had hoped and would really like to know a walker that does n't tip and has rubber or rubberized wheels that does n't move too fast for him .
 In my experience , children that are in the early stages of walking need something a little sturdier to hold onto . This does n't offer enough traction -LRB- even with the `` brakes '' on -RRB- to make it a safe toy for getting comfortable on their feet .
 Not a bad walker but as a previous person mentioned , it tips forward very easily and the brakes do n't do anything to stop the child . The activities in front are good , and my son likes playing with it that way but I do n't really trust it as a walker .
 I bought this for my grandson who is learning to walk and have to put it away because it is very dangerous . Every time he tries to stand up with it , it tips over and he falls . Luckily he has had someone there to catch him . This should not be called a walker and I am very disappointed in Chicco for putting out a product like this . I am now in the process of looking for another walker that will not tip over . This is one of the pitfalls of ordering online without being able to try it !
 My son barely used this toy . Since we live in a small condo and this toy does not maneuver easily.Hard to turn around corners and hard to push on carpet.I got him a little shopping cart -LRB- which was half the price -RRB- . It was light and he ran all around the house with it.http : / / www.amazon.com/CASDON-611-Toy-Shopping-Cart/dp/B000V5DHT0/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1303583995&sr;=8-4And a mickey mouse ride on train which he mostly pushed around.http : / / www.amazon.com/Mickey-Mouse-34918-Plane-Ride-2dOn/dp/B000EX0DRSHe loved these other toys so much longer and used them more often .
 This product is basically an expensive toy - not a walker - if you do n't have carpet . We have a rug in one room of our house -LRB- the nursery -RRB- and that is the only place where it 's not completely out of control with its movements . On hardwood or tile , it looks like it 's on ice . It goes from side to side and looks like a drunk driver swerving all over the place . Also , the brakes -LRB- ha -RRB- are USELESS . They stop the back wheels , but the front wheels still roll , so my baby was still able to fully push it at the same speed as before , only this time , a pebble under one of the tires scratched our floors because the back tires were stationary . For how much this cost , it should come with rubber tires . Also , when my daughter went to sit down after trying to walk with it - while still holding onto the bar - it tipped and the bar hit her in the bridge of her nose . She was able to walk fast and semi-well if I was holding on to the walker to steady it , but why get a walker if I am going to just keep bending down to help ? I might as well keep helping her walk myself !
 I thought Combi made great strollers . They did 10 years ago when my daughter was born but I am greatly disappointed by this one . This stroller is light weight but it is difficult to maneuver in small spaces like the elevator . The front wheels get stuck and i have to lift up the stroller to maneuver myself out of the elevator . I am very disappointed by this stroller , do not buy it .
 We had trouble putting this stool together , but did finally get it to the point where it was sturdy enough for use . But then less than 6 months later , our son stepped down on the bottom step a bit too hard and it totally broke through . The particle board was not sturdy enough and the screws just broke through the top . Yikes !
 This product looked great when I received it , and my kids loved it . However , I use it in the bathroom so they can wash their hands , and much of the paint , especially around the raised portions has peeled off . Very upset , now shopping for a new stool with better quality .
 We loved the way it looks but unfortunately the construction is lacking . First the top step cracked at the hinge , then bottom step broke when an adult stepped on it . It 's not wood . It would n't be hard to make a step handle a hundred pounds but this one wo n't and does n't .
 I purchased the toy box from this company and I love it . The quality of the materials is great and the design is beautiful . I planned on buying this storage step up as well . However , I think that over $ 90 is astronomically over priced .
 I bought this Storage Step-up for my grandson along with the matching table and chairs . The step-stool broke almost immediately on the top where it hinges open to store things inside and we are still trying to find a way to fix it . One of the woods that holds the hinge broke completely so it made it completely useless , a child can not step on it anymore . It is an expensive item and we were expecting a better quality and long life . It was a complete disappointment . We were expecting better quality , we bought a very inexpensive plastic step-stool that is still as good as new .
 this item is extremely way over priced for its function.Look at others that amazon will sell.This would not be good for a young child
 I got these cups for my 15 mo old son . I thought that they would be great , a nice cup to take with us when we go out that I would not mind if we lost . I bought two packs and opened them right up , wash them , and then handed one to my son while he was sitting at the table . Not even two seconds later he had pulled the cap off and dumped the cup . This would be a great idea if the lids screwed on like the other sippy cups . The lids are really easy to take off . I would not recommend this cup to anyone unless you want a cup that your kids can open and you want to sit right next to them when ever they use this cup . Me I would just rather give him a regular cup he can not make any more of a mess . I love the other take and toss items and an really disappointed in this one .
 This is unsafe because it is not recommended to have anything under the baby in the car seat that did not come with the seat originally . The seat was not crash tested that way . The thickness of the sherpa raises the baby 's head just enough that if you get in a car accident the baby 's head will hit the vehicle 's seat . The infant car seats are deisgned so that the infant seat will hit the vehicle seat in an accident leaving the baby unharmed . Buy the one that has elastic that stretches around the rim of the car seat and only covers the baby . He 'll be warm enough and most importantly , safe . These should be recalled . Also , I have seen many babies not correctly buckled into the car seat . Please make it tight enough that you can just fit your fingers between baby and strap . If it 's too loose you might as well not even strap him in . And slide the clip to armpit level . I 've seen so many babies with it at their bellies . I cringe when I see this . Let 's keep our babies safe in the car . You never know when an accident will happen .
 Edited to add ~ I came across one of these -LRB- they 're actually made in my state ~ I put it -LRB- Bundle Me Big -RRB- in my daughter 's Britax seat and I did n't like how it pinched the shoulder harness and pulled them out wider than they should be . So I cut out a section of the back so there 's nothing behind her back and we 're good to go ~ I 'll try posting a foto of what I did -RRB- I 'd give this item 0 stars if I could ~ Why ??? Because this item like any other puffy item -LRB- including thick coats and buntings -RRB- behind baby in a car seat would `` compress '' in a wreck and the harness would then be loose on baby causing possible ejection from the seat/car . Please do n't use this ~ car seat covers that just go over the seat are fine.Shannon ~ A concerned parent and car seat geek !
 I recently took my car seat to be installed at an inspection site and was told not to use any of these that go inside the car seat between the baby and the seat . They compromise safety . I will be returning the one I got as a shower gift and buying one that goes on the outside .
 I bought several versions of the Bundle Me only to find out today that they should not be used because they go under the baby and interfere with the way the safety straps fit ! I am so frustrated by this ! Why are they allowed to sell products that are not safe ??? We took our car seat to the Katie Cares Safety Check today and they took all of the accessories off . We had a neck support cozy on the seat as well that they said was also unsafe . Save your money and buy a version that goes OVER the seat and baby , not under ... Kidopotomus makes one .
 I had a bundle me attached to my baby 's car seat and the hospital asked me not to use it . They said that the fabric does not always line up with the seatbelt holes in the car seat and that extra bulky fabric under the baby can cause the belt to have a little too much slack . They wanted the seatbelt to be snug to the baby and the baby to be snug to the carseat . They also said that the baby would most likely over-heat when this much fabric is under their little body in the car . The hospital staff reccomended the car seat cover that went on the outside of the car seat and was not under the baby 's body . I was concerned after these warnings and exchanged the car seat cover for one that was on the outside/top of the seat only , not under the baby .
 I think it 's a great product , quality-wise but I was disappointed that it does n't cover around the baby 's head and neck . Even if you use a hat , the neck area is exposed . If you try to cover the area , the baby 's face gets covered which is problematic because it 's dangerous and you ca n't see the baby 's face . There are cheaper versions out there that cover everything except the baby 's face . I returned this product for one of those .
 Not satisfied with this product at all . I purchased it since the bottles that come with the pump are polycarbonate . These bottles do not seal properly . If you try to shake the bottle , it leaks everywhere . Even during pumping if you hold the bottle at an angle at all , it sometimes leaks . There are not enough rings at the opening for the bottles to close completely . The least the company could do is make good substitutes for their polycarbonate bottles - since it seems to me they quietly market the fact that these bottles can replace polycarbonate bottles as a `` safe '' alternative .
 As a mom of three , I 've been through plenty of diaper bags on the search for the perfect one.With our first boy on the way , I thought it would be cool to buy a more `` manly '' diaper bag that my husband would have fun wearing . Not that the others were explosions of pink - I wanted to do something special for him . So , I ponied up and bought this bag as a baby gift for him . He was so excited to have a cool diaper bag.Well , our third child is now eight months old and this bag looks worse than a much cheaper one that 's lived through the last FIVE YEARS . The faux sueded flocking cracks off so easily that all of the areas around the strap have lost the flocking , exposing a lighter brown color.This is not a small bag , but it hardly holds anything . It 's nice that it has two wet bags built in , except that when you use the one in front , it creates a HUGE bulge -LRB- really , I studied physics - how could it displace the bag that much ?!? -RRB- . The one on the bottom is useless because the bag is already crammed incredibly full with just a few items in it - there 's no way you can stuff something up in there!The strap is pretty comfortable to carry . It 's great that it is cross-body , but overall it should be waaaay more durable than it is , and it 's really only good for short trips or families with only one child .
 If you are trying to fit 2-3 t-shirts and a laptop in this bag , you are out of luck . It will fit but you will look like you have a puffer fish attached to your waist . This is just another book bag with crappy capacity . $ 100 down the drain .
 I would not recommend this product . It splintered after one use , not exactly a safe product for a toddler . In addition , the tines of the fork are far too sharp . It 's a shame but I would stay away form this product .
 Thank goodness I received this as a gift from someone because it 's a complete waste of money . This is n't a blanket ... it 's a handkerchief ! It 's thin , way too small to swaddle a normal sized baby , and cheap flannel . You could use it as a burp cloth , but that 's about it . DO NOT BUY THIS if you want to use it for the purpose of what it claims it 's made for . Very dissatisfied .
 These are supposed to be extra-large sizing , 30x40 . I just measured one that has n't been washed or dried yet , and it measures 27x28 . They are n't large enough to wrap my daughter 's newborn in . In addition , they are not soft . Maybe that would change after washing , but then they 'll probably be smaller yet after going through washer/dryer . It is truly a shame for anyone to be selling these as soft , warm , 30x40 receiving blankets .
 These receiving blankets have been of very little use to us , as they are much to small to even wrap baby in - let alone swaddle . The fabric is also very thin and not durable .
 This product is a piece of junk . They are too small to cover the baby . The quality is so bad some of them broken apart the first time they were washed even before the baby could used it !! .
 they are adorable , but useless . too small to swaddle or even bundle , and not warm enough to cover baby .
 These blankets are way too small to swaddle . What the hell are they designed for ? It was a waste of money -- recommend not to buy them .
 I should 've paid more attention to the dimensions . I was hoping to use these blankets for swaddling but they 're too small and too thin . The fabric is a little cheap . . but hey , this is a cheap buy . I ended up using the blankets to tuck the baby 's arms underneath her , and then use something else for swaddling .
 On the plus side , these blankies are very soft and light ... . BUT ... . they are sooo small ! Did n't get much practical use for them as a receiving blankie so they were turned into changing mats !
 It lasted for about a minute . My 2 year old figured it out right away , pulled it forward and snapped it without any difficulty , leaving sharp edges . Great idea , poor quality .
 I can see how this product may work for other kids , but lem me tell you
 This shield is made of very bendable plastic . It sits on the shelf in front of the stereo receiver . Unfortunately it 's only about 4 inches high , and when my son pulls on it , it just bends right down and does n't stop him from turning knobs and pressing buttons for even 1 second . Not a useful item in my opinion .
 We bought this guard because our 12 month old was persistent about playing with the buttons on the TV . He loved to watch CSPAN and turn the volume up real loud . After approx . 2 weeks he pulled on it and it snapped , cracking all the way across leaving a sharp edge . For 2 weeks we were spared CSPAN but we are all caught up on politics once again . A complete waste of money .
 returned - you can push the buttons right through the thin plastic - this is a complete waste of money !!
 Look cheapo and flimsy . One tug , it was torn . For the price that I 've paid for it , I could have gotten a much better one with extra ten dollars . Dont buy it .
 The pampers size is a little on the small side . This size 1-2 is even smaller than size 1 of other brands .
 We thought it would be a great time saver . Turns out most of the products we were going to use in it -LRB- i.e. Medela bottles and pump accessories , feeding bottles and nipples , etc. -RRB- specifically say , `` Do not place in a microwave steamer '' . Save your money and use a 3 or 4qt pan you already have and boil the items for 5 to 20 minutes .
 I have to admit , being a first time mom , I wanted the BEST for my baby . I wanted the bottles , the pump and pacifers to be sterile . I found the same problem with the condensation . It was more of a hassle than a help . When my lactation specialist informed me it was n't neccesary to sterilize everything after each use , I did n't see the point ... Hot soapy water works just fine . Save your money for something you will need ; like diapers !
 Too bulky , I ended up returning it . I love the Avent bottles but found this to be useless . I sanitized my bottles in the dishwasher instead with sani rinse cycle .
 I used this item 3 times , now its collecting dust . Most books that I 've read and my doctor agrees that it really is n't necessary to sterilize bottles . They only need to be washed in very hot soapy water . My son goes through tons of bottles a day and its not convenient to sterilize them in this item . You can only fit 4 bottles in there at a time . Save your money and wash you bottles well by yourself !
 I bought this product thinking it would be a very good purchase with the bottles included , but I soon came to realise that the avent bottles leak b/c the top does n't seal properly . This happens with all 4 bottles and is very disappointing since I thought Avent was a good product recommended by mother 's worldwide . The sterilizer has been the best part of this purchase as it definitely comes in handy when you do n't have a full load in the dishwasher and you want a clean bottle in a matter of minutes . I would n't recommend the bottle especially with being a first time mom - it just adds to the stress and lets face it , who needs more stress with a newborn !!
 This is probably the most useless baby item I have ever recieved . It takes a quite a bit of room in my cabinets and I have never once used it . I do n't know - It seems that hot soapy water works just fine to wash my baby 's bottles . Do n't waste your money or your cabinet space . There are at least 1000 other items I would recommend before this one .
 I thought this would be a great way to get my bottles clean but you still have to scrub them clean first yourself , THEN prepare this thing to stick in the microwave for x-amt of time , THEN wait for it to cool ... . too much to do prior to getting a bottle ready for a fussy baby ! &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; If your baby has an immune promblem , then this may be great for you , otherwise , skip on this and just buy a nice bottle brush ... . I like the one by Munchkin . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; BUT if you still decide to get this , check it in the store first , because when I got mine home it was USED - it had obvisiously been returned -LRB- someone else thought it was useless too I guess -RRB- with milk residue on the bottles - yuck !
 I ca n't stand this product ! It 's a pain to fit four bottles , nipples , and rings in ! Have trouble getting the lid on and off ! I have had a problem with it spotting bottle nipples white mostly the gerber one 's ! Had trouble tell what wattage my microwave is ! It 's a lot bigger than I thought it was making it hard to store ! The only things I do like are sterilized no worry bottles and it cleans pacifiers !
 After watching the news , I never will put plastic in the microwave again . Putting plastic in the microwave and then using the plastic to eat out of or drink out of gives you a greater chance of getting breast cancer later in life ... I do n't know about you , but I do n't want my baby getting breast cancer .
 If you 've dropped the bottle and nipple in toxic waste , this might be more helpful than washing in hot water with antibacterial soap or a dishwasher . Otherwise , I think washing the bottles is better .
 First of all , this product is unnecessary . but , if you order it like I did , just know that it will not come with the 2 9 oz . bottles and getting the bottles is a hassle because Amazon is the primary . I had to reorder several times and ship it back to Amazon many many times because bottles were ALWAYS missing . Amazon FINALLY sent me two bottles separately . . very very annoying
 I got this sterilizer because of the Avent name . My main complaint is that the lid does n't lock into the base when closing . You have to use alot of power for it to close . I have to place it on the floor and stand on it for the sides to lock .
 Just wanted to inform all parents out there that AVENT products contain BPA / Bisphenol A. I 'm returning everything to Babies R Us . It 's in their pacifiers and bottles and I 'm pretty sure their breast pump as well . Needless to say I am returning my sterilizer , bottles , pacifier and pump . I then decided to go with Born Free bottles and sterilizer , Soothie pacifier and the Gerber Nuk pacifiers , and Medela pump . All their products are BPA Free . You do the research and decide if you will buy or continue to use their products . I 've already written the President , my senators , and Oprah . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe .
 I got the as a baby shower gift and I 've only used it once . It 's too small to sterlize everything -LRB- breat pump bottles , pacifiers , nipples , breast pump , etc -RRB- . I ended up using a big pot to boil the baby things . It takes a couples mins . longer to boil and have the things cool . Plus , I have the extra space I need for all of my son bottles , nipples , pacifiers , etc. .
 I am breastfeeding but offer my baby bottles every now and then . This was pricey - there was another brand that was much less , but this one attracted me because it holds the Avent pump pieces . Well , this just means that there are some slots that the pump clicks into . I have not bothered with that ` feature ' since the pump sits in it fine even if you just lay it on the rack -LRB- ie the pump will fit in any sterilizer ! -RRB- . My biggest peeve with this is that the bottles and pump are covered with condensation when you take them out - if you leave them on a bottle dryer it takes more than 24 hours to dry them . I rinsed this every time I used it but there are water stains in the bottom still - it really needs to be scrubbed out . It is just making extra work!I am putting this away after using it for two weeks since my Doctor said that it is really not necessary -LRB- the dishwasher or hot soapy water are fine , he said -RRB- . So for me this was an expensive countertop decoration .
 The Express Microwave Steam Sterilizer works OK , but I did n't need it . All that was needed was to boil all of the bottles once before the first use , then wash them with hot soapy water after subsequent uses . The Advent bottles that come with the steamer do not seal well and leak when you shake up the formula . I wish I had not purchased this ... it was not needed and now takes up space in my cupboard .
 I do n't understand why people like this product !?! I bought this because I did n't want to boil my bottles anymore . I use both Avent and Dr.Brown bottles and everything seemed to fit just fine ... . so what - After 4 minutes I had to rewash everything and then boil it because EVERYTHING I put in the sterilizer came out FULL of condensation and with a VERY VERY strong smell of plastic . The only way to get rid of the smell and the condensation was to re-wash , re-boil . I put the product in the dishwasher several times hoping it would reduce the plastic smell and tried the process again -LRB- several times -RRB- . The results were exactly the same . So basically , whenever you feel like washing bottles , then sterilizing , then washing again , then boiling - then and only then should you use this ... product !
 I 'm a new Mom , which means I 'm boiling everything the baby touches . I 'm not knocking Avent . I love the bottles and the breast pump , but this sterilizer is hard to use -LRB- only a Ph.D. in engineering could get the bottle parts in the M.C. Escher design outlined in the user 's guide . -RRB- and it turns out we do n't need it . Our pediatrician and lactation consultant assured us that the diswasher gets the bottle parts hot enough to sufficiently sterilize them.Now I only use it for the breast pump parts , which again , is working great for us .
 This sterlizer is just not worth the time . You are better off just boiling some water and throwing your bottles in there for a few minutes . For the money , its definitely not worth it and I wish I never registered for it .
 I added this item in my baby registry but was not of any use at all . I didnot know that most manufatures recommend not to microwave or steam sterelize bottles . The same is true with nipples . Latex nipples ca n't even be boiled . So if your child has difficulty taking the bottle and you try out different brands and different nipples , this does not work.This is the one thing in my registry which i could not use much . I will not recommend it to anybody who wo n't be able to stick to this brand of bottles , becuase if you choose to breast feed the baby makes the choice of the bottle he likes : - -RRB-
 I bought this item and realized that my microwave was 1500 watts and it is for 500-1100 wattage microwaves . I called and the rep told me i could use it with my wattage . Dont do it , it burned up my microwave somehow . Avent says this is not possible , but what a cooincidence .
 I found that the lid was almost impossible to get open after use . and the bottles had to be sqeaky clean before going in to be sterilized because they would still have residue when they came out . too me this sterilizer added an un-needed step . I never used mine . It kept me breastfeeding anyway made me decide bottles were too much of a pain . Use the playtex diposables nurser system - it 's sooo much simpler anyway , less accessories , less clutter . I 'm way dissapointed with all of my avent products .
 This is one of the best baby products that I own ! I actually sterilize my Medela breast pump parts in it every day ! It is fast and easy . I ca n't imagine boiling water every day to sterilize my bottles and pump parts . Now , Medela says that you should n't use this for their products but I have never had any trouble and I have used it with both my children .
 Because I live in a small house and do not have a dishwasher , I was v. excited about this product . However , after I bought it , I checked to see how it would fit into our microwave which is a smaller size . Alas , it did not fit , so I am taking it back .
 I bought EVERYTHING out there when I found out we were having a baby . This looked like it would be a timesaver . Wrong . It was used once maybe twice , and I never felt confident that it sterilized her bottles enough . Out of all my purchases this one was the least nessessary . I felt better just washing bottles in the dishwasher and then boiling on the stove .
 I liked Avent Bottles , my daughter Liked them too ! Then I found out about Bisphenol - A being used to make the Bottles . After re-searching Bisphenol - A , I discovered that exposing my baby to harmful chemicals with the potential for long term affects later in life , was definitely not for me !! There are other options out there , all glass bottles are safe , as well as Born Free , Mam by Sassy , Green to Grow and Adrini . Do your own research . I 'm really surprised the non Bisphenol - A Free bottles have n't been recalled yet ! I 'm sure it 's just a matter of time , before enough people are educated .
 OK - I admit that I registered for this product and thought it would be an important item to ensure my baby 's health . Then I spoke with the mother of six children -LRB- who are all grown and very healthy -RRB- who raised her children while doing mission work in West Africa . Guess what ; she never had the benefit of sterilizing her bottles . She laughed at me and the rest of the overly protective americans she sees purchasing these items . Her suggestion - Hot soapy water and a cold water rinse - and lots of love .
 We found that this was a waste of money . It is just as easy for us to sterilize the old fashioned way . You ca n't fit all of the bottles you need sterilized in the steam sterilizer at the same time . Also , when you get the bottles out of the sterilizer , they are soaked with steam , meaning I had to wait a while for them to dry out and cool off . It may be useful for someone but not us .
 I could n't wait to put this border up to make my baby 's room complete . It was not the easiest border to put up , but we did it . We spent a loooong evening trying to get it right . It did n't have enough self adhesive paste on the back so it kept peeling up around the sides . The next morning we could just peel the whole thing off . We ended up having to go out and buy wall paper paste and put it up that way . I think that if the walls were really smooth it may have stayed up better . We have textured walls which was what probably made it almost impossible to hang with the amount of paste that is on the back ... Good luck !
 I am primarily breastfeeding , but I thought this would be useful for sterilizing pump parts and the occasional bottles , etc. . I discovered Medela Microwave Steam Cleaning Bags instead , and this thing went in the closet . I feel badly for the waste of money ... but the bags are SO much easier !!! And not space consuming . Plus you can use them during travel , at the office , etc. . Much more cost efficient and useful !
 I bought this steamer on March 2004 . I felt that it was a great investment because I am now sterilizing the bottle whereas , before I did n't have time . I 've used it about 4 times and it just stopped working . I got a receipt and contacted the Avent representative because it 's got 1 year warranty . They told that you have to clean it every so often with vinegar . If they feel that we did n't clean it , they would not replace or fix it . I sent it in to them , they returned back to me saying that it was my fault and I have to eat the loss . This really sucks because I used it only 4 times . How convenient would the machine be if you have to always vinegar it . I agree with `` New mom from CT '' , this thing does n't dry for you . I have to always tranfer to a rack afterwards .
 I just had to have this item when my son was born because I wanted to sterilize everything he touched . I primarily breastfed so I used it for my breast pump and the occasional bottle but you had to wash everything thouroughly before using it and I feel that a dishwasher could get the same steaming affect . I also feel that once your baby is a little older you realize that they do n't need to live in a sterilized environment and it really is better to just thouroughly wash things with an antibacterial dishwashing liquid . I think if I were not a first time mom I would have realized that this is a useless item .
 I found this very difficult to clean and because of this it smelled when it was used . Although I thought it was useful I always wondered if it was really doing its job .
 Unfortunately , this product is not what I had hoped it would be . There are definitely too many parts to set up and assemble . You can save yourself time , money , and space in your kitchen by boiling water and drying it on a $ 2 rack !
 At first we were thrilled to receive this sterilizer as a gift as we have twin girls and use A LOT of bottles but then we realized that after they were sterilized , they were left with condensation on the inside of the bottles and nipples . We thought that we needed to `` air them out '' for a short period to get rid of it ; however to our dismay , letting them `` air out '' was not the solution . The only way the condensation clears up is if you have the bottles upright and not the on the rack , which to us seemed to defeat the purpose of them being `` sterile '' if we had to have them upright on the counter to get rid of the condensation . We have tried everything we could think of to `` fix '' this problem ... but it continues to happen . We do not recommend this product at all and were VERY disappointed especially since it is n't cheap and our friend wasted thier money on this gift !! Two thumbs down !
 This item does do what it 's supposed to do , sterilize the bottles . But after they are sterilized , they are still soaking wet , and take forever to dry out . You still have to wash all the bottles and parts in hot soapy water before putting them in the sterilizer . For me it just ended up being much easier to put all the bottles and parts in the diswasher , because they get sterilized in there and you can fit more in there . I wish I would have known this earlier because I would have never opened the box . It 's a waste of counter space , and not worth the money . Your dishwasher does just as good a job . Even if I did n't have a dishwasher , the washing out of the bottles in hot soapy water and drying them on a rack is just as good . They take the same amount of time to dry in the sterilizer as on the rack .
 I never use it . Sure you sterilize your bottles and nipples before there first use but you do not have to sterilize the bottles and nipples after every use . You can just was them in your dishwasher or hand wash with very hot water . Our sterilizer just sits in a corner collecting dust .
 This sterilizer i `` had to have '' and was the biggest mistake . my daughter is only 3 months now and i packed it away in her closet . it took up a lot of space . putting the stuff in it was like a puzzle . the old fashion way is easier . or better yet check your dish washer for an extra heat feature i was doing twice the work . looks bulky is bulky and think about one thing whats 6 bottles ? not enough for one can of formula anyway .
 I am a Ultra PICKY 1st time mom and after my intensive research , I thought I got what I need ... . NOT this one!This thing ONLY FITS AVENT bottles . There is no way you can fit others . They should clearly stated on the description ! I have to return it .
 I was shocked , b/c Avent is such a superior brand . However , I purchased 1 unit , and after about 12 months , it just stopped working . Since warranty period had elapsed , I purchased another one -LRB- because I was SO dependent upon it -RRB- . But , after 4 months of use -LRB- I used it for 1 month , then it sat in storage for a year before I started to use it again for my second child -RRB- , this one stopped working too - in fact , it shorts out the circuit in a newly wired kitchen . Since it was purchased well over a year ago , the warranty is again expired . I do n't think I 'll try it again ... I bet the microwave steamer would be better - less electronic parts to deal with .
 I loved using the Express Steam Sterlizer ! However , after only 3.5 months of use , a part must have gotten fried . It stopped working and shorted out all the outlets in our kitchen . At least I was entertained by the sparks ! I followed all the cleaning/descaling with vinegar directions , but the product still failed . I would have expected a little more for $ 70 ! Now , I bought the Especially for Baby electric sterilizer . I do n't like using it as much , but we 'll see if it lasts longer -LRB- at least it 's cheaper if it breaks -RRB- !!
 If you have a microwave , buy the microwaveable version of this Avent bottle sterilizer . It is much simpler , and can be transported easier as well . We tried the elctric version and found it to be a pain .
 I was initially excited when I bought this product . Hoping to have the misery of boiling bottles taken out of my daily routine . After two trys , I found myself cleaning the interior , and packing everything back up for a return ! I immediately purchased the microwave sterilizer and have not looked back since . In my experience I think the only advantage to the electric sterilizer is that it can accomodate two more bottles , than the microwave version . Otherwise it is nothing but a hassle.The thing is huge and bulky . Placing bottles inside is easy , but getting nipples , rings and caps in is cumbersome and made me uneasy . You have to slide some rings around the stem , but some go on the top rack . If I am in a hurry the worst part is placing my hand all the way down the steaming cauldron to grab a nipple , since they are placed right at the bottom a little above the hot water reservoir.Sliding the trays in and out is a major inconvenience . I dont understand why they placed a lock on the stem body . All in all , the microwave version is the opposite . Easy to use , compact , great for transportation , comes with 4 9oz . bottles and above all , economical .
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower , i did have it on my registry thinking that it was going to be the best sterilizer . but its so complicated . you have to take all the trays out , you have to continuously clean the inside . It was back in the box ASAP and got the Mocrowave Express one and that one works wonders ... . AVENT EXPRESS STERILIZER is the one to pick .
 We hardly used this unit , and used the dishwasher instead . I tried it 4 times and the fourth time , it shorted out and would no longer work . Do n't buy it !
 As a new mom I thought I had to have a sterilizer . I bought this one and used it only twice . After it runs , everything inside remains wet . If not promptly removed and dried , it 's a breeding ground for bacteria . I then read in several books that sterilizing is no longer considered a must . Washing everything in hot , soapy water is much more efficient and cheaper !
 ok the product must be very good , but the seller is just very baddddddddd . they sent me the oldest one , is it not like the pic , amazon gave me my money back , just had a very bad time with this one
 I got the Avent sterilizer as a shower present . The first one malfunctioned , so we got another . We used the second one occasionally w/o any problems for a few months . Now once again it malfunctioned , requiring us to have it replaced yet again . When it worked , it worked well , but I avoid spending the money .
 Having our first child we wanted to get everything right . We bought or were given just about all the Avent products . We loved all the products but we felt the sterilizer was a waste . You have to wash the bottles/nipples , the sterilizer does not clean the products . Hopefully you use soap and hot water and according to the nurses at the hospital , our pediatrician , my obgyn and friends using hot water or a dishwasher is a suitable form of sterilizing.I wish I would 've known that before I opened the package .
 This steam sterilizer was a waste of money . I used it once , and it left spots of water all over everything . It might have been sterile , but it seemed dirty . It also took forever to dry . I 've been much more satisfied washing the bottles , etc. . . with hot , soapy water , or , occasionally , in the dishwasher . I did n't think I 'd wash the baby 's stuff by hand , but I 've been happiest with the results when I do this . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it probably does sterilize the bottles . On the other hand , I wish I had saved my money , since I do n't use it at all .
 This is my first purchase of a bottle sterilizer . I found a patch of black particle at the base of the Avent unit after using of the first time . I am concerned that it may potentially affect my baby 's health in the short/long term . Has anyone else encounter this before ? I am sending this unit back .
 This bottle warmer does the job , but keep a close eye on the timing . I found that you can not leave it alone for even a few seconds without it scalding the bottle . As for the on/off switch , there is no automatic shut-off which would be helpful and would prevent this overheating . Do n't waste your money , find an alternate solution .
 I was hopeful about this product as I like other Avent products . It lacks an on/off switch which could be a potential danger . It also tends to overheat bottles . I took mine back and got a much less expensive model that works much better .
 We have unfortunately left this warmer on on several occasions . There is no on/off switch , therefore the unit has to be unplugged to turn it off . When left on , eventually the water evaporates and is left empty and HOT . It seems there are cheaper units that do the same thing with on/off switches and even auto shut off options like the `` Quick Serve '' by The First Years . We will be buying that one and throwing the Avent one out .
 While the warmer works ok on its primary mission of heating the bottle , there are two features that should be included :1 . Auto shut off .2 . There should be a light that indicates if it is on or off . I do not mean the heating element light .
 An OK gadget , but a large coffee cup with water heated in the microwave works just as well . It does not have an automatic shut off , so the water in the unit eventually evaporates leaving the exposed heating coil . Must unplug the unit after each use to prevent this !
 This warmer is a HUGE disappointment ! It overheats the bottles unless you stand by it and unplug it right away , and there is no on/off switch so it has to be unplugged to turn off , seems very unsafe , I have to leave a note on it for babysitters . I wish I had investigated more before I bought it . I love the Avent microwave sterilizer so I thought this would be equally good , but I was wrong .
 This thing is very hard to figure out . One setting gets the bottle too hot too fast , try another setting for 15 min 's and you still have cold milk ! I tried to use it for 3 months ... finally gave up . Save the money . Warm water in the microwave and stick the bottle in that ... Sometimes we need to listen to our mom 's and grandma 's - they didnt have these and we turned out fine !
 I 'd really give it no stars . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk . Save the $ 10 and also get the cooler feature with the First Years Night and Day system . This piece of junk does n't warm up as fast as it says . The bottles are always still cold . The warmer lights flicker on and off indicating that the bottle is done but it 's never warm . And there 's no auto off like the night and day system .
 Heats up the bottle in much less time than the directions say -LRB- I boiled my first bottle -RRB- . The lack of on/off switch is unsafe . My hand slipped pulling the plug from the outlet and I hit the warmer and knocked it over -- scalding water and all ! I was -LRB- thankfully -RRB- holding my baby away from the counter - but this could have been a disaster .
 So we have used this bottle warmer for over 8 months now . I have to say , with all the sleep deprived parents using this item , often in the middle of the night , you would think that Avent would be wise enough to put an auto-shut-off feature on this little doohickey . But , no . I exclusively feed my baby breastmilk , and that stuff is like `` liquid gold '' -LRB- from what everyone has told me , and I 'm inclined to agree -RRB- , and I ca n't even tell you how often I have put a bottle in the warmer to warm it and then forgot it was in there for like 15 minutes . The milk gets boiling hot in that time , and then it 's useless and I have to pour it out because it 's not supposed to be heated to boiling . I know people are probably going to read this and wonder how one could forget that they put a bottle in the warmer , but now that our baby is sleeping through the night , it 's more for when my husband is giving her a bath , I will get the bottle ready for him as he gives her a bottle after her bath and puts her to bed -LRB- his time with her during the week -RRB- . So many times I have forgotten it was in there and burned the milk , but also - and this is the really dangerous part - the light will shut off for like 30 seconds at a time -LRB- what they call `` blinking '' , if you can believe that -RRB- , and so often it will look like it 's turned off when there is no bottle in it , but it is n't , and it will just keep heating the water in there until it 's all gone . We have found it on after a couple of hours away from it because we did n't notice the `` blinking '' light because it was off at the time , and there is no other indication that it 's on from the front . The switch is on the back and it 's not clearly marked `` on/off '' either . I ca n't imagine how it has n't caught fire for other people or melted the plastic when the water is all gone . Thankfully , I have noticed it before the water was completely gone , but it was almost gone . How unsafe ! Anyway , I still use it because I have n't found one with an auto-off feature , but will be looking for one . I have to set the timer on my microwave now whenever I put a bottle in because half of my brain cells disappeared when my baby was born apparently , and I 'm way too distracted to remember it 's on . BAD DESIGN !!!
 This product is garbage . It has no ability to heat a bottle to specific temperature , and will eventually get the temp to near boiling if you are not careful . No different than water in a pot on a stove , you have no temp control . It 's going back . I do n't understand why it is do difficult to find a product that will get the temp of a bottle to the right temp , and keep it there .
 This warmer was aweful . I bought it for my kitchen , used it once and started walking to the other in my bedroom . Yes , it does have a fill line , and the directions are pretty easy to follow . It takes forever to warm and it has no on/off switch . This was as much a safety factor as a convenience issue . I returned it and bought a cheaper warmer that works much much better .
 I registered for this product and received it as a shower gift . It gets too hot and also does not have an off/on switch . You have to unplug it ! The water also evaporates really fast if you leave it on so that it will always be warm -LRB- for easy access when your baby needs it -RRB- It was pricier than all the other warmers . I took it back and bought one for half the cost at -LSB- local store -RSB- . It is much better than the Avent one and much cheaper .
 I LOVE the Avent bottles , liners , nipples and steriler but the bottle warmer concerned me because the 3 levels all seemed to warm the same , there was no timer to tell how long bottle had been in -LRB- my milk got way too hot -RRB- and the advertised 4 minutes for heat up time is not necessarily accurate according to the instruction manual . This is the only Avent product that I have used that I am totally disappointed in and that I have returned to the store .
 I really like all of the Advent products ... except this one ! I did not do my homework and check reviews prior to purchasing this item and was sorely disappointed . I liked the warmer because it was compact and fit the Advent bottles and even though it was more expensive that the others I was ` sold ' on it because it was made by Advent . However , I returned this product and would not recommend it to anyone unless the following items were perfected :1 -RRB- The thermostat in the warmer is very inconsistant , so you can not rely on the specific times listed in the manual for the bottle to be at the right temperature -LRB- sometimes too cold and sometimes too hot -RRB- -- which can seem like a lifetime when your baby is crying .2 -RRB- The markings for the water level are not that easy to see -LRB- especially in the middle of the night -RRB- .3 -RRB- There is no timer so you need to keep track of how long the bottle is in the warmer -LRB- I used a kitchen timer to help me out here -RRB- .4 -RRB- And , the MOST inconvenient feature of all ... You must unplug the unit after each use . This is a real hassle and a safety issue if you forget or if the plug gets wet while on the counter . And , if your outlets are hard to reach like mine you wind-up pulling on the cord to get it out.All in all - Advent is a great company and makes a great product ... this however is not one of them .
 I received this warmer as a gift and had to return it . The warming of bottles was very inconsistent , there was no way to accurately measure the amount of water needed for each bottle and you had to unplug it each time you used it . There are other great warmers that have pre-measured water holders that allow for hassle-free bottle warming . Avent has great products however they need to work on this product .
 I just bought this and I plan to return it . I thought it somehow miraculously heated your bottle by just having you plop your bottle in and voila , it would be ready to go 4 minutes later . Plus , I thought that it could be used to warm my baby 's food in the future . Well , it does warm up both the bottle and food , but first you have to add water ... but it has to be a specific amount of water and if you add to much or too little everything can get thrown off . What a pain !! Also , if you warm up a small jar of food you may get scalded when reaching in to grab it . The instruction manual suggests that you put something under the jar to prevent this . For -LSB- the price -RSB- , I thought this thing was supposed to be make life much easier ! After reading the manual , I 've decided that it 's basically an extremely overpriced water boiler . For convenience , I suggest moms just boil water once a day and put it in a thermos . This way , you can just pour it in a bowl and use it to heat bottles or food whenever needed and save yourself a whole bunch of $ $ $ .
 This is probably one of the only baby gadgets I have that I am absolutley not pleased with . Many moms made a good point about the on/off switch , -LRB- which was n't my concern -RRB- . And yes , I pour the water in right after the bottle is in place ! It just does n't heat the bottle up fast enough ! It 's much faster to heat the baby water in the kettle on the stove , and make fresh bottles for every feeding !!!! Some of the new inventions do n't make your life easier . Then again , every MOM is different , and you have to go with what works for you and your baby !!
 This bottle warmer is a terrible design . It 's way overpriced and worst of all it needs to be unplugged each time a bottle is warmed . Everyone says Avent products are the best , well this product will not help that reputation at all . I would NOT recommend this item , I actually went out and bought a different brand 's bottle warmer .
 I was very disappointed with this product due to the fact that the only way to turn it off is to unplug it . That is something I do n't always remember at 3am . It also takes a long time to warm . I soon found the easiest way to make a warm bottle is to use my bottled water cooler , half hot and half cold and it 's the perfect temp . Done in about 5 seconds , instead of 5 or more minutes . I only wish I still had the box because I would return it and get the -LSB- money -RSB- back and use on something alot more useful !
 A friend of mine was terribly disappointed in the Avent bottle warmer , so went out and bought The First Years brand . She RAVED about it so much that I went out and bought one -LRB- I was using the stove-top to heat the bottles to that point -RRB- . I love it so much . Yes , I ocassionally have to run bottles through a second time to get them heated up nice and warm - but it is still easy and convenient . It was -LSB- inexpensive -RSB-
 I got this product , it worked ok but within 30 days it broke . I dont recommend this product !!!
 I registered for this item at my baby shower.When I used it , I burnt my breastmilk each and every time even when I used the lowest setting . It 's very dangerous and can make the bottle too hot and dangerous for baby . It is much safer and easier to warm a cup of water in the microwave for 30 seconds and then place the bottle in the cup of water . Same concept , $ 40 cheaper and much easier !
 Does not get any stars ... I wanted a convienient safe way to heat a bottle . . granted this product does heat quickly ... but if you turn your back for 1 minute you have a bottle that is to hot ... many times I had to sit it in cold water while my child screamed . There is no shut off on it so it must be unplugged or the water evaporates and is then a fire hazzard . You would think it would only heat to a certain safe temperature ... but it is scalding if its in for more then 3 minutes , there are to many distractions in life to use this product safely ... I do not allow anyone sitting with my child or even other family members to use this product ... I tell them to just sit in cup of warm water ... very unsafe product ... and dangerous .
 THE LIGHT ON THIS GOES ON & OFF MANY TIMES BEFORE I THINK THE FORMULA IS WARM ENOUGH WHICH IS ABOUT 3 MINUTES , PLUS I LEFT IT PLUGGED IN ACCIDENTLY MANY TIMES BY ACCIDENT ... THIS HAS NO ON/OFF SWITCH & THE LIGHT IS MEANINGLESS ... THIS PRODUCT NEEDS IMPROVEMENT !!!
 i had this . . when you put the bottle in you have to be right there to warm it up . . if you wait too long -LRB- even at lowest setting -RRB- i 'm talking after 5 - 10 minutes - it 's too hot and then you have to wait again for it to cool . it could burn the baby 's mouth if i did n't test it first ... i gave it away . .
 After everyone told me not to buy this - I bought it . The bottle would get hot but the liquid would be cold ... just not worth the effort ! You are better off using room temperature water for formula or using hot water to heat up .
 1 . no on off switch2 . no on indicator so if you forget to unplug , you may not notice .3 . uses lots of water to heat so takes a lot longer than the kind that uses steam to heat the bottle4 . does n't automatically turn itself off5 . Water gets everywhere when you take the bottle out .6 . overheating easy to do.I love most of their stuff but wish I had n't bought this one . I bought another brand recently and am much happier with that one ! Heats the milk faster , has an on/off switch . Automatically turns off when the water is evaporated . Much nicer .
 I bought this product and I never really used it and when I did the food either got too HOT or not warm enough . My best suggestion is to use a pot of water and heat your baby food or just use the microwave . This product is not worth it .
 Consider another bottle warmer before getting this one.Cons : ~ This bottle warmer needs an auto shut-off . There have been too many instances where my husband or I would forget to shut the unit off . The unit is then out of water and incredibly hot . I can only imagine that this is a fire hazard . A lot of times I find myself in the middle of the night worrying if I had turned the unit off or not . ~ The instructions tell you to fill the warmer just above the milk level with water . The instructions also say that you should have the basket in place . I have found it difficult to see the milk level when using the basket . ~ The floating bottle problem . If you have 2oz of milk in the bottle and you add water the bottle tends to float , which causes the milk to heat unevenly . ~ This warmer could also really use an alarm/timer of some kind . I find that a lot of times I just ca n't stand around waiting for the bottle to warm . The result is scorching hot milk . ~ If you damage the cord you have to discard the whole unit . ~ Pricey !! Pros : ~ It 's pretty compact and does n't take up much room on the kitchen counter . ~ It has little tabs on the bottom to wind up the cord when not in use .
 I didnt really care for this . I couldnt tell when the bottle was ready and the light would go on and off and not warm the bottle or else get it to hot . Might be user error but I didnt care for it .
 What a useless gadget . You can accomplish the same bottle-warming task in the same - or less - time using hot tap water and bowl or large measuring cup . This bottle warmer does n't even have a timer , so you still have to watch the clock while it 's heating your bottle . Depending on your bottle size , it takes 4 + minutes to warm , and you have to stay on top of it ... miss your timing by a little bit and you 've got scorching hot milk on your hands . My bottle warmer found its way back to Target .
 I used this for a short time . It was more of a pain for us.I hated that you had to keep on top of it or you would never know how long it was in there . A timer would have been nice -LRB- and cheap enough to add -RRB- . I hated how I had to unplug it and plug it in every time I wanted to use it.Yes , it may be the best there is out there , but that does n't mean too much . It still has many flaws.Now I love Avent items but this one they dropped the ball on . There is so much they could have done with this that they did n't . Oh well .
 Definitely think it 's not worth the money . It does heat the bottle way too hot so be careful ! I hate that the light goes off throughout the heating and you never know how much longer you have before the bottle is ready . It needs a timer . I just do n't think it 's worth the $ 40 . And you ca n't see how much water you need - I always end up over filling it .
 No beep-beep timer on this ; no auto-shut-off -- so a frazzled first-time mom or dad can easily wind up with a bottle of scorched breastmilk . SO UNCOOL . And , crying while pouring the milk down the sink , you * still * might not learn your lesson with that first bottle . If you own the product and its design flaws bug you , call Avent and tell them . If you do n't own the product , you 're better off placing your milk bottle in a bowl of hot water , which at least wo n't scorch anything . If you still think this product is one you want , by all means go for it , but , especially if you are warming breastmilk , DO NOT WALK AWAY FROM THE WARMER UNTIL THAT LIGHT FLASHES .
 We used our warmer for the first time , and have continued using it because we are afraid to melt the bottles , however , the water boils as soon as it gets hot , and the boiled wateer spills all over the place . I 've burnt myself numerous times to count , and get frustrated each tim I do it ! I have reread the instructions , and we are doing it right ... i would suggest buying a different warmer !
 I tried this product and found that it created hot spots ... I checked the temp of the formula and it was ok , then for some reason I checked it again , and it was way too hot . If I had mixed the bottle , it would probably be ok , but the fact that it seemed to heat inconsistently scared me , and I just do n't use it anymore . So if you use this product -LRB- or probably others like it -RRB- just make sure you check the bottle carefully and make sure it is not too hot !
 My husband and I bought this thinking that it would warm up our bottles . Since I have had this warmer I have overcooked and undercooked the milk . It has never heated up my daughters bottles warm enough in the 4 minutes , and it overheats it if you use a higher setting . I was extremely surprised when we got it home and noticed that there was not an on/off switch . Had a read the reviews before purchasing this warmer I would not have done so . When your baby is screaming because of hunger having to wait another 2 minutes to get it warm seems like eternity ! I use Advent bottles and the microwave sterilizer and I am completely satisfied . I think the warmer though needs a few changes .
 I find this item was truly a waste of money for the person that gave it to us !! I used it a couple of times , but found it much easier to heat bottles the old fashion way ... or to breast feed was much easier ... and QUICKER .
 Very disappointed in this warmer which boils everything to scalding hot . Even at the lowest setting , it is up to YOU to make sure to remove the bottle in time in order to not overheat the bottle , which makes this product useless to me .
 This is the only Avent product that is a big letdown . It has no on/off switch which is a huge design flaw . I have to unplug after each use . I must REMEBER TO UNPLUG otherwise it is a fire hazard . Who needs to worry about 1 more thing while your baby is crying ?
 Yes , it warms your bottles.But not without some inconvenient flaws . Although a later model has an on/off switch , if you do n't shut if off , even when the light indicating your bottle blinks off ... the heating unit does n't . Which means you have be on your toes to remove it or your bottle become too hot , and the milk will rise up and start to leak out of the screw cap into your water in the unit . Is it my bottles ? I have Dr. Browns and Avent.The light will switch on and off for the different bottle sizes at timed intervals . Meanwhile the unit keeps heating and will continue to do so until you turn it off . So you really have to be watching it.Also , it 's inconvenient to have water in the unit . Once you 're done , you could opt to leave it in there -LRB- it gets yucky and white with milk as the aforementioned problem occurs ... -RRB- , or you have to pour it out each time . Yes , the unit is small and light , but it 's not a convenient `` pourer , '' especially with the cord and the removeable basket.Finally , while maybe there is a line that shows you where to fill the water to , there is no accessory to easily pour the correct amount of water into the unit ... use your cups , glasses , etc. . But it 's still one more step each and every time you warm a bottle.Did I mention that , yes , you can warm baby food in it ... but use a pair of tongs to get it out.My husband and I used this unit for 6 months until we discovered the `` First Years '' model at my sister-in-laws house . Not only does it stop heating when the bottle is done and therefore shuts off automatically , it has a measuring device attached to the warmer to dispense water into it , and then it uses steam to warm the bottle so the water is completely gone when it 's done . It also warms baby food jars , but it has a convenient over-the-edge hook-on basket so you do n't have to worry about lifting it out with your hands -LRB- or tongs -RRB- . This model needs some trial and error to get it to the right temperature -LRB- the directions are right for the most part , but will differ with respect to the bottle having been refrigerated , etc. -RRB- ... but once you figure it out , you 're set . And at half the price , I wish we had found it first.In my opinion , Avent does many things right but not on this product .
 Ok , what a piece of -LSB- ... junk -RSB- . Besides all the lack of features , on/off switch and such this thing is piece of junk . In the manual it says , and I quote '' 8 -RRB- When the water has reached the correct temperature , the light will come on and off to indicate that the water surrounding the bottle is being kept at a constant temperature . '' end quote.That would lead you to believe that you can leave it and it will keep the milk at the right temp . reguardless . Well , when I checked it the milk was at 120 -LSB- ... -RSB- degrees!So basically this is just as accurate and helpful as placing it in boiling water on the stove . If you dont take it out just at the exact time you will have CURD ! Then again , maybe I am asking too much . Whatever . Dont waste your money.B .
 I bought this along with all other avent products and it is a total waste .1 - Why should I have to time it when I paid $ 40 . Standing around waiting for 5mins to elapse at 3am is not my idea of fun2 - Why cant the darn thing shut off itself ? Now I have to remember to unplug it from the wallDefinite waste of money I 'd return it if I hadnt thrown out the box . Now I 'm in search of another warmer and I have to live with the fact that I bought a 4oz avent bottle for $ 40 : - -RRB-
 This is an awful product , and a waste of -LSB- money -RSB- . The problem with this warmer is that it does n't have an automatic shutoff , and it does n't control the temperature . If you put a bottle in , and get distracted -LRB- and what parent of an infant does n't get distracted -RRB- , the water just keeps getting hotter and hotter . I have used a thermometer to measure the temperature of the water around the bottle , and after turning my back for less than a minute , the water went from 120 degrees to 160 degrees . The only way to control the temperature is to unplug the product . Not too safe!Don ' t bother with this product . You can do the same thing it does with a pot of water on the stove and a ... meat thermometer .
 This unit must be unplugged to turn off which is a nightmare to remember at night and to try to do holding a baby in your other hand . Remember - put it on a GFCI outlet ! Once it is left on for awhile -LRB- my husband left it on for hours -RRB- , it does n't work right again as it melted the unit .
 I got this product as a gift . However , I never use it . It is simply much faster to warm up a bottle with some hot tap water !
 i use all of avent 's products and would rate all of them highly with the exception of this product . i agree with the other moms about the lack of an auto-off feature , the confusing light that tells you when the bottle is done but quickly goes off and continues to heat the bottle if you do not watch it closely , etc. . But what i found most dangerous is this
 This warmer is one of the most expensive ones to purchase and the least favorable to use . It is very easy to overheat a bottle in this warmer . It lacks an auto shut off feature which most other warmers have , which would be convenient when changing the baby 's diaper . It also requires more water than other warmers which is not favorable as I have spilled the hot water several times . I would not purchase this warmer . I plan to return it .
 Once I tried it , I was a believer , it was very inconsistent . The same input resulted in different output almost every time . I 'd rather warm the bottles with hot tap water .
 I 've burned 2 bottles so far - for this price they should put in an auto shut off - do n't buy it . Get one w / the shut off option .
 It does not have an on/off switch and the warm times are not specific which leads to over warming . There is no fill indicator so it often overflows when you put the bottle in . I was very dissatissfied with this product .
 I found this product to be a waste of money . I can accomplish the same thing by running the bottle under hot tap water . It also takes forever to heat up the bottle and you have to constantly check on it or it will overheat the bottle . I also found the no on/off switch to be very inconvenient . We have forgotten to unplug it many times . If I had to do it over I would n't bother with this product .
 The lack of an on/off switch is not a big deal . This bottle warmer has a light that goes on and stays on till it reaches a certain temperature then goes off , then on again when it starts cooling down . This allows it to maintain a constant temperature . What bothered me is that after it heats the bottle and the light goes off I would expect the milk to stay at a constant temperature and not to continue overheating ... and it overheated everytime . I could not change the baby and leave the milk in it for an extra minute or 2 or it would get way too hot . Now on power level number 2 it was pretty much the same thing it just took longer to heat and with a crying baby every minute seems like forever . Number 1 is way too weak unless you let the milk sit there and know you will use it in a half hour then it is just warm . I returned mine and switched to powder formula and use sterilized room temperature water . No warming , no headaches and my baby loves it .
 When your infant is crying because he 's hungry and you 're only thinking about how you want to be back in bed , you will not necessarily hear the very quiet `` click '' another reviewer mentioned unless you are right on top of this unit . Did it already cycle through once ? Twice ? I do n't know . I never could catch it since it was in my kitchen and I was usually trying to soothe my child in the living room when the light went out . Yes , it was in plain sight , but that doesnt mean I caught it at the right time.What I do know is that leaving the bottle in there , reagrdless of it being 4oz . or 8oz. , makes the formula very HOT . Even if you have it on the proper setting according to the instructions . Then you have to wait for it to cool down before feeding your now screaming hungry baby.This went in the trash . The only reason I gave it two stars is because it did heat the bottle faster than if I waited for water to boil . Otherwise , I just started giving my son formula made with room temperature water and had not one problem .
 I like several of the Avent products , so I thought this bottle warmer was probably worth the extra money -LRB- it 's one of the pricier models offered -RRB- . After owning mine for about a week , I returned it to the store where I bought it and purchased a much less expensive model that actually works better -LRB- the Munchkin brand -RRB- . The Avent warmer worked okay , and the variable heat feature could be valuable , but the darn thing did not have a timer nor an automatic shut off . I became very annoyed trying to keep track of the time , etc. which defeated the purpose of having a bottle warmer for `` convenience . '' I will say that it warmed evenly -LRB- about the best on the market as far as heating evenly -RRB- . However , on a couple of occasions I did n't get the bottle out right at the 4-minute mark and it over heated the contents ... very hot . Had this item had a timer or an automatic shut off feature it would be a much better value . Definately not worth the extra money !
 I bought this warmer thinking it would help me with middle of the night feedings , but after testing it out once , I promptly returned it . I should have listened to the reviewers and not thought they were being petty . This thing has no auto shut off , the user has to set a timer for how long to leave the bottle in and even though there is an `` off '' switch , you still have to unplug the machine . Not very helpful at 2 in the morning when you are half asleep and have a frantic hungry baby . For the amount of money I paid , I would have expected much more than a glorified hot plate . I ended up getting the First Years version for less money and while that one is not perfect , it beats the Avent model . Too bad too , because I have been happy with the other products in this brand line .
 There is no off switch or automatic off ... which in the middle of the night unpluging the thing is not always done . So we have burned ours up . I would not recommend this unless you can always remember to unplug it . However , it does heat up breast milk or formula fast .
 The recommended setting for avent bottles is the highest setting , which -LRB- according to my measurements -RRB- keeps the water at just over 175 degrees F , for as long as the unit is plugged in.Recommended durations are on the side of the unit , but if your bottle is n't full , the duration is much shorter and you have to guess.I always end up putting the bottle in warm or cold tap water for a minute to `` fine-tune '' the temperature after I take it out of the avent bottle warmer , so this product does n't save me any work , just a bit of time.If you leave the bottle in too long , it will keep climbing towards 175 degrees F . Some sort of safety feature is missing . Certainly a shut-off switch on a timer would be good , and easy to make . Ideally the heating water would cool so that the bottle and the heating water would converge towards 98 degrees over time.Summary
 This is the WORST bottle warmer invented ! Besides the high price , it is horrible . Not having an on/off switch is a safety hazard . You have to stand by the warmer to make sure you take it our immeditely when the light shuts off . Otherwise the warmer will continue to get hotter and hotter . So for those of you Mom 's who think its a good warmer , think again ! I bought the First Years warmer and it works wonderful . It steams the bottle and shuts off automatically . And you can leave it plugged in . Sorry Avent you lost my vote on this one !
 I borrowed this warmer from a friend . I had planned to use Avent bottles , but ended up using Dr. Brown 's . I can definitely say this bottle warmer does n't work well with Dr. Brown 's bottles . It may work OK with Avent , but I do n't see how it could be that much different . The bottle warmers that use steam to heat seem to be more effective -LRB- and quicker -RRB- !
 I use Avent bottles and love them . However , I am not thrilled with this bottle warmer . First , it does not have an on/off switch . Second , if you do not stand over it and constantly check the temperature of the bottle it will overheat the bottle . This unit does not have a timer or an auto shut-off so you have to watch the clock while heating the bottle or the water continues to get hotter and hotter . I am disappointed in this product . I plan to toss mine out and either use tap water or another brand bottle warmer .
 have had this warmer for only 3 months and it does not get as warm as it did a month ago . seems to be slowly dying . also , the no on/off switch is a major hassle . having to plug and unplug every feeding is terrible . for 40.00 i would have bought something that was more well thought out .
 When I started using formula , I would mix several bottles up at a time and keep them in the fridge . I thought the bottle warmer would be great for warming them up quickly . It 's not really that great after all . There 's no on/off switch , so my husband and I were constantly forgetting to unplug it -LRB- which can be a fire hazard -RRB- . It seemed to never heat the bottle by the amount of time indicated in the instructions -LRB- it would always take longer-with a screaming hungry baby-that 's not good ! -RRB- . We always seemed to either put too much water in it or not enough -LRB- an included measuring device would be very handy , but there 's not one -RRB- . However , there is a fill line in it but if I filled it to where the formula in the bottle came too -LRB- like the instructions say -RRB- , it would still overflow . I have n't used it in a while , so I may try it again when I start my baby on babyfood . Overall , we were very disappointed with it .
 Not knowing what to look for in a bottle warmer , I was attracted to this model because it was small in size and did n't take up a lot of counterspace . I have no complaints about its warming capabilities , but after using the warmer several times , I found I really needed a few more features than it offered : The unit does not have an automatic timer , which means YOU have to keep up with how long the bottle has been in the warmer . And when you are trying to deal with a fussy infant , it 's easy to lose track of time and overheat the bottle.The unit has no Off/On switch and must be unplugged after each use.Another small annoyance is the bottle does not sit flat , but floats unevenly in the water while heating.I finally purchased another model which included these features .
 Here 's what I do n't like about this warmer
 Of all the great products made by AVENT this one is the only one I dislike . I gave it a `` 2 '' because the unspecified water measuring for bottle warming lead to bottles floating and possible chamber overflowing -LRB- a messy cleanup for early a.m. feedings -RRB- . It lacks an on/off switch and must be unplugged every time -LRB- which at 3 a.m. is not always easy to remember -RRB- , thus the placement of the unit must be near an easy to reach outlet . The warming time , according to manual , is not always correct and overheating is usually the result if you walk away.It does have a few good points
 AVENT has great products however this one is not one of them . Here are a few reasons I feel this way
 Well , I too bought the bottle warmer and did n't think for a second that it does n't include things like automatic shut off or timer . I thought that is the whole purpose of the bottle warmer . Basically after 3 months of using it I gave up because I find myself forgetting to turn it off and having the milk too hot . I now use my electric kettle . My very pretty and expensive -LRB- I may add -RRB- bottle warmer became a gadget collecting dust .
 I decided to purchase this warmer because it seemed to be the best one out there . However , I am not impressed with it at all.First of all , you need to plug it and unplug it every time you use it , which is hard to remember at 3 am.Second of all , you need to stay next to it when you put a bottle in so that it does not overheat the formula . This is really hard to do when you have a screaming baby in the middle of the night and you need to change your baby while the bottle is heating up . I do n't know how many times I came back and the formula was too hot.Thirdly , it takes a little bit of time for the formula to heat up . It seems like an eternity at 3 am in the monrning with a baby screaming for food!We used it for the first few weeks and quickly forgot about it . We now use the microwave . It 's a lot faster and easier to use . Of course you still have to test the bottle and take the nipple off before putting it in the microwave , but overall it works a lot better and it is very quick!The warmer does fit most bottles , and is easy to clean , but that 's about it . I was very dissapointed .
 I CAN NOT BELIEVE PEOPLE BUY SUCH A GADGET ! I ALSO HAVE THE ADVENT BOTTLES AND MANY OF THEIR PRODUCTS ... SO FAR SO GOOD . I HAVE NO COMPLAINS . WHEN MY BABY WANTS HER BOTTLE , I STICK A WATER FILLED MICROWABLE BOWL -LRB- NARROW AND A LITTLE TALL -RRB- IN THE MICRO ON HIGH FOR A MINUTE.I REMOVE MY BOWL , NOW WITH BOILING WATER AND PLACE BABY BOTTLE . I HAVE THIS DOWN TO A SCIENCE . I WAIT 2 MINUTES AND WE ARE DONE.THIS ITEM DOES JUST THAT , WHY SPEND SPACE ON COUNTER TO HOUSE THIS UNIT ?????
 I do n't think this is worth $ 40 . You can achieve the same outcome with hot water , a pot and stove . And I agree with other complaints about the lack of a timer and uneven float with the bottle . Spend the $ 40 on something your child will get more use out of !
 i am looking for a warmer that will warm frozen breastmilk . Will this model do that ? I have previously purchaesd the night and day warmer and i am taking it back cause you can not heat plastic liners . So does this one heat frozen breastmilk ?
 This Product line has always gotten 5 stars from me , but not wih this item . It 's a WASTE ! You 're better off just warming up water and letting the bottle sit in it for a minute or two . And least you wo n't be outed twenty or thirty some odd bucks . This can be very dangerous to baby if you are not careful . I purchase one for myself and one for my cousin since our babies are one month apart . I used mine a few and it over heated the bottle and I followed the directions and everything . At first it feels warm but when you shake the bottle sometimes you feel the temp of the bottle getting warmer and that tends to happen because the center of the bottle gets the hottest . It has NO timer or on/off button so you have to babysit the thing . BE CAREFUL you may scortch babys mouth with the hot milk . Lord forbid if you forget that it has to be unplug it will overheat and konk out like the one I purchased for my cousin . After that she cursed me out and went to warming milk on the stove .
 In a nutshell
 It needs to be a little more practical . I brought this product with the expectation of it being a step one and done type of product . It turned out to be a step one , two and three ... . I do n't have time . My microwave is easier becuse I have one button to push for baby food and milk .
 The warmer is indispensable to me , yet if I had to select a warmer again , I would reconsider the purchase . It is an overpriced and `` dumb '' appliance when you consider the only way to turn the warmer off is to literally pull the plug .
 I chose this warmer because I was using the Avent bottle system and thought it would be designed the best to warm my bottles . The only good thing I can say about this warmer is it is consistent . It warms the bottle in the same amount of time each feeding , no surprise hot bottles . But the warmer does n't have an on/off switch . Every time you warm the bottle you have to plug it in and remember to unplug it when you are done . This did n't seem like a pain the first week . But when you have a crying squirming baby and you have to reach across the counter to jerk the cord out of the wall everytime it gets to be big deal . The second disappointment was that it was more expensive than all the other warmers and there does n't seem to be anything special about it . It lacks features the others have like auto-shut off and a chiller/cooler . Now my baby sleeps through the night but if I had to do it over again I would have bought the Dusk to Dawn bottle warmer . It would have made 2am feedings a little more bearable .
 I purchased this product and ended up throwing it in the closet rather than the garbage . It is basicalled hot water in a cup and the bottle floats . Read the online reviews prior to purchasing products , so many experienced Moms have saved me time and money with their reviews-thanks to them !
 This warmer is not worth the money . I bought the Quick Serve Bottle Warmer which is manufactured by the First Years . The Quick Serve Bottle Warmer is only $ 17.99 and it is much better than the Avent warmer . Unlike the Avent Warmer , the Quick Serve takes a small amount of water to create steam to warm the bottle . The Quick Serve automatically shuts off after the bottle has warmed up .
 I got this warmer thinking it would be much easier to use this than to boil water in the middle of the night to warm up the milk . I tried it yesterday and was really dissapointed with it . The fact that it will not shut off by itself , nor that it has a timer , make this an awful product . The last thing I want to do in the middle of the night is keep my eyes on the clock to make sure I do n't overheat the milk . I returned it today and will read up on other brands to see if I can get a better one .
 This warmer is excellent in every way except one thing - it lacks on / off switch . I ca n't believe that they would n't implement this critical feature as many parents of new born babies are so consumed by babies , prone to forget about unplugging . It is more amazing because this really is an excellent warmer & expensive . When choosing a bottle warmer , please consider the fact that you will be very very tired , busy and occupied with the baby that you are likely to forget about silly but critical things like unplugging power . My wife and I can tell you this for sure . We had a fire in the kitchen as my wife fell asleep after turning the switch on . The smoke alarm saved the lives of the mother and the boy ...
 I 'm a new mom and I am a big believer in the Avent line of products . This bottle warmer , however , is not one of their more stellar efforts . The instructions say that once the bottle has reached the appropriate temperature -LRB- which the device is supposed to know , based on the amount of time for which you 've set the dial -RRB- , the warmer will maintain the warm temperature until such time that you 're ready to use the bottle . Well , it does , in fact , warm the bottle , but the machine just keeps making the bottle hotter and hotter ! I put a bottle into the warmer and got distracted by my little one for a few minutes . When I went back to get the bottle , so that I could feed him , I was shocked to discover that it was so scalding hot that I could barely touch it ! Not only is this inconvenient , it could also be very dangerous ! After only two uses , this warmer has a new home on the top shelf of my pantry , where it will likely sit until the end of time . Save yourself the money and just warm your bottles by putting them in a bowl of hot water . Much easier , less time-consuming , and cheaper !!
 My baby is an Advent baby . I love all the Advent products , but was a little disappointed with this one . The bottle warmer , is maybe too good of a warmer , as it tends to overheat the milk even before the recommended time limit . The timings really should be precise .
 Before using to warm actual food or milk for my son I tested it out . In the recommended time it was hot enough to leave blisters on my wrist when I tested it !
 First , we read the directions and we follwed them . But this never seemed to work the same way twice . Sometimes at 4 min . the formula was too hot and sometimes at 6 min . it was n't hot enough . There was no rhyme or reason to it , we had it set the same way every time . We used it for a month and then threw in the towel .
 This warmer is an absolute joke . Thank God I was able to return the thing and get my money back . It would be a great product if it had a thermostat that allowed you pop in the bottle , and it 'll only warm it to the safe level and keeps it at that temparature . But it does n't . Any jug with hot water will do the same . In the end we prefer to use the Microwave now ... it 's quicker and thus more reliable as the bottle is warm in 30s .
 I don t know why anyone would buy a counter top warmer . They say that microwaving a bottle `` zaps '' the nutrients in the mix . Well , there are no nutrients in water . My wife and I first heat the bottle of water in the microwave then add powdered formula mix . We have it down to a science and after heating the bottle for about 5 seconds at a time you can figure out how long it takes exactly . He 's 8 months old and we 've been doing this since the beginning . For you liquid formula people ... Oh well !!
 This bottle warmer does n't have an on/off switch which is dangerous if you are a drowsy new mom . My biggest complaint is that it overheats breastmilk and ruins it if you do n't stand there and watch it . Breastmilk is like gold and to have ruined so many ounces of it is just heartbreaking . It does fit their bottles but it 's hard to tell how much water to put in around your bottle . This company is so pro-breastfeeding - they should really have a more accurate warmer on the market .
 I registered for and received the Avent bottle warmer simply because I realy like the Avent bottles and assumed the bottle warmer would also live up to my expectations , especially given the price . However , I was sorely disappointed for many reasons already stated in previous reviews . There is no automatic shut off and I have overheated more than one bottle . Ca n't tell you how many times I have turned the dial to 3 to warm the bottle -LRB- in a hurry for hungry baby of course -RRB- only to come back a few minutes later to realize I forgot to plug the machine in OR how many times I have forgotten to unplug it and only realize when I go to warm the next bottle . I understand I could use a power strip that I can turn on and off , BUT it 's one more thing on my counter and WHY should I have to go the extra effort ? Also , you have to use a separate timer -LRB- e.g. , microwave , kitchen timer , etc. -RRB- if you want to hear a beep to let you know the bottle is ready . In a nutshell , it is missing the on/off switch -LRB- mine is REALLY new -- must have done away with this switch -RRB- , hate that you ca n't leave it plugged in , and it does n't have an auditory signal to let you know your bottle is warm -LRB- IF you remembered to plug it in ! -RRB- . I bought the Munchkin brand warmer out of frustration and research that I should have done before hand and I LOVE it . It was exactly HALF the price , you can leave it plugged in -LRB- no need for power strip -RRB- , has an automatic shut off -LRB- no overheated bottles -RRB- , and has an auditory signal that beeps 5 times when the bottle is warm . It works just as quickly and I have never overheated a bottle . Also , it uses steam instead of boiling water , which I like better because when it has completed warming , there is no liquid at all left in the machine to continue heating bottle . Also , it does not take up any more counter space than the Avent warmer . Do n't assume more expensive is better because it is certainly not true in this case .
 The device is pretty good however it is very hard to time the warming and very easy to overheat the bottles.a few weeks after my son was born we went to my in-laws where we duplicated most of the necessities and I bought the IQ version of this warmer . It is so much better . Has so many setting ! A few friends that copied our registry i had switch to the iq version . Spend the extra money !
 This thing certainly `` warms up '' but no reliable thermostat to ensure that the content of the bottle remains at a reasonable temperature . If not careful , the bottle will get get way too hot ...
 The light is intermittent , it only comes on when its heating up and the shuts off when the heater has reached its intended temperature therefore when you look at the warmer you can not tell from the front that its on . I think there should be two lights , one to show its on and another to show its heating up etc. . Because of this poor feature , the warmer has been left on accidently many times.The bottle does not sit flat , but floats unevenly in the water while heating.Avent , you need to improve this before a fire is caused because a Mom had a screaming hungry infant and forgot to turn off the bottle warmer .
 I bought this warmer because I have the Avent bottles , which I love . I thought that because the bottles were larger than normal , I 'd have to buy the Avent warmer ... NOT TRUE ! I 'm not sure about other models talked about in previous reviews , but there is an on/off switch on the back . Though this warmer does heat consistently , I hate using it . It does not have a timer like most warmers , so you have to constantly monitor the bottle and keep checking it to make sure the milk does n't overheat . I find this difficult when you have a hungry baby on your hands . All the instructions have for warming times is a chart that can be difficult to decipher , at best.TRY OTHER WARMERS BEFORE YOU BUY THIS ONE ! -LRB- The First Years has a really good one that shuts off automatically when its done -RRB- I wish I knew then what I know now !
 Save your money . You can heat a bottle faster under hot running tap water or by heating a bowl of water in the microwave and sitting the bottle in it . This bottle warmer is definitly not a necessary item . It is expensive and it takes too long to heat a bottle .
 This warmer works wonderfully for warming bottles . It can hold standard or larger diameter bottles easily by adding or removing the plastic basket . It also has a cord storage area under it -LRB- able to wrap the excess cord around and secures itself -RRB- . But the only problem was that it has no power switch to turn it off and on . I have left in on numerous times when running off to work . I have come home later to find it on , hot and without water -LRB- if it was not completely full in the beginning -RRB- . It 's not simple to pull the plug out of the wall either . Sometimes had to wiggle at the plug to get it to come out . Other times could not pull hard enough and had to get daddy to pull it . Did it 's job , but for the price it did not do it easily enough for me !
 Save your money and skip this warmer ! For the cost of this warmer you would think it would have an on/off switch . I had it for 1 night & at the 3o ` clock feeding I forgot to unplug it . It continued to work after that but , what a fire hazard ! It also didnt warm our 4oz bottles very well . We had to warm it 2 times . I went with the 1st years night and day warmer and love it !
 When I received these pacifiers , it was obvious that the packaging had been opened and resealed . The silicone on the pacifiers was old and scuffed looking . I did n't even consider using them or letting my baby put one in her mouth . Also , although the listing says ` size 1 ' , these pacifiers were for babies 6 months and up . Complete waste of money !
 This bag is really cute but it 's way too small for all the things I need to lug around for baby . It 's okay for quick trips places but not for a long outing . The two pockets on the inside of the bag are too small to really be useful for anything and it 's just hard to keep things organized in this bag . I 'm searching for something else .
 Good points
 I ignored all negative reviews and went ahead and ordered it . It looks stylish and fun for a diaper bag and wipeable to boot!Well , I took it out of the plastic wrapping , the bottom of the bag was un-stitched and falling apart !! Great ! I felt the quality of the bag and was glad it was already torn , because it would n't have lasted more than a few weeks . I was really upset that this did n't work out . I really wanted it to . Needless to say it 's on it 's way back for a refund !
 I bought this to attach to a safety gate I already had . I needed to put something up so that my dogs could not lick my daughter -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . My safety gate is 7 ' X 2 ' . Do NOT buy this if the area you are trying to cover is smaller than the net . It 's pointless and it looks horrible . I am worried my baby would fall in and get caught in the excess netting .
 Once we took this net out of the box I knew it would n't work . Our balcony railing was not only longer , but shorter in height , than the net so we had to wrap it around the top railing . The `` strings '' used to secure the net did not look strong enough to me and the whole set up looked ridiculous . I am searching for an alternative .
 I bought several of these for a deck rail . The deck rail was 2 ' x 8 ' openings between the main support rails . We attempted to configure it in every manner possible and just could not get it to look any less that tacky . We broke down , took off the net and reconstructed the rail on our whole deck . Not an ideal fix-all like it proclaims . Wasted my time and money on this net , when we could have been spending the time getting it reconstructed rather than playing with hundreds of eye screws , nylon ropes and attempting to make it look better .
 I have a very petite 13 month old and my house is a bit older , the spindles on my bannister are too far apart and she could easily fall through them . I needed something so I thought I would try this . There is no way to secure this tightly to the bottom of the spindles on the railing . Because the fabric is so flexible and the rope ties are too my daughter at 13mo old figured out in 2 min that she can just slide the fabric up the spindles . The clear plastic sheeting is far superior -LRB- and 3 times the price -RRB- . I have the clear plastic sheeting up now and it is much safer .
 I bought this item for my stair railing to protect my 1 year old from the wide spaces in between the rails . I was disappointed when I received the net . It is flimsy and would not protect my curious 1 year old boy who might accidently or purposefully push or lean against it . I was would not recommend this item to be used on an upstairs banister .
 I received this product and upon taking it out of it 's packaging was overwhelmed by the smell of chemicals on it . It smelled like someone had drowned the two of them in bug spray -LRB- like as in raid for wasps type bug spray -RRB- . We let it air out for a few days but nothing helped . In the end we disposed of them . Just horrible !!!! I wouldnt let me child anywhere near these .
 I was VERY disappointed when receiving this product and returned it immediately . I needed something to cover 22 ' of banister , and this was not going to do the trick . It seemed flimsy and I did n't feel safe putting it up . Instead , I went to Lowes and purchased a 25 ' segment of Poultry Fencing -LRB- who would have thought ?! -RRB- . It is MUCH more sturdy and for $ 15 was a better use of my money . We zip-tied it to the banister and I am so surprised with the quality . I do not recommend this product . Go to Lowes , get a better deal for a safer and better alternative . And , it does n't look as bad as I thought !
 We bought this for our banister . Did not work for our needs . You basically get a stack of string to tie it on with . We tied it on and it left gaps everywhere and our daughter could basically slide her hands over the top and Yank it down . Also where the banister meets the wall we got it as close as we could but since it ties on we could only get it about an inch from the wall at the closest . Our daughter easily pushed right past it . We returned it for a refund after just a few days .
 This diaper stacker is a joke . The diapers come out 3 at a time , the shelf for the wipes container will buckle if you have a full container , and the plastic is very flimsy . I brought this because of the great reviews this product got . After just one day of using this I decided to pack it up and return it . I do n't believe this product is ment to withstand the test of time .
 We got this item as a gift and at 1st it was great !! We stored everything in it full sized diaper wipe bin on top diapers and the holing area and creams , meds , and other gadgets in cubby holes on sides . Let just say it cracked in half . I would not ever buy this again .
 This is a cheap piece of plastic crap . Small diapers do n't fit , and only small stuff fits in the sides . Its very flimsy and so not worth $ 12.99 .
 We registered for this and happened to get 2 at our shower . One was broken before we even opened it . The other broke as soon as we went to use it . JUNK ! Do n't buy it ! Use a basket instead .
 Be aware this product does NOT fit all Prince Lionheart brand wipe warmer containers . I have the premium PL wipe warmer and it does NOT fit ! If you plan to use it to hold normal plastic container of wipes , then you 're fine .
 I thought this would be a great way to keep diapers and other items close at hand . I was able to use it for a short time until the plastic piece that the wipes container sits on broke . They need to use a better plastic . I did have a problem with more than one diaper coming out at a time , like others have , but learned if you pull upward a little usually only one diaper will come out at a time . If the company would use a stronger plastic I think this could be a very useful item .
 Be careful when buying . This did not clip onto our crib or changing table because teh crib has a `` sleigh '' top and both are rounded and did not work witht the plastic .
 I do n't even know why I registered for this.We change our baby on a dresser . The crib is behind the changing table and besides , hanging it over the crib would clutter the crib.It 's no good if it is n't going to fit over the rail of your changing table . If it does , maybe it 's good for that.But is n't that the whole point of a changing table ? To have shelves and stuff where you can put things?I just use a dresser and a shelf next to it and it works great . This product might be helpful with the right furniture , but I gave mine away .
 I received this item as a gift and to me it was a waste of money . First of all you really do not need this item if you have a diaper stacker which I do . Larger size hygiene products such as lotion / powder does not fit in the side slots unless you plan on using smaller or trial sizes . It would work best for diapers if you do n't already have a diaper stacker.It 's made of plastic and does not hold very much and it also looks as if it were to fall off a changing table or crib it may break or crack ... . I returned this item .
 After purchasing the depot , I found it does not work well on my changing table -LRB- dresser style with fold out top -RRB- . I had to put it on the side and was not pleased to find out that it is not possible to use unless it is hung . More bad news ... I purchased the Ultimate Wipes Warmer , which will not fit on top of the depot while it is hanging on the side of the changing table . Perhaps these products work fine with a typical changing table , but keep in mind they do not work with a folding top dresser type .
 I registered for a diaper depot and will not be keeping it if I receive one . One of my friends tried to buy it for me and had to return it because it was broken in the package . She then found all of the ones in the store to be broken in their packages . This is not a good sign that it will be of any use long-term if it is being made with plastic that is too brittle .
 The diaper depot is not the best choice if you have more than one size of diapers in your home . It seems specificaly designed for those homes in which there is one baby and no toddlers . It is just as easy for the toddler to get into the diapers and have them all over in no time . I would recommend thinking through your own family situation before purchasing this product .
 We purchased this product the same day that we purchased the wipes warmer . When we got home we tried to attach the depot to our Storkcraft Aspen Changing Table , however , it would n't fit . Not that I minded , because as soon as it was out of the box , I realized that it was a complete waste of money . It is just some hard plastic . This diaper holder did n't hold our daughter 's newborn size diapers and the side compartments would n't even hold more than one item . Needless to say , it went back the very next day . If I were you , I would pass on this item and get a diaper stacker to match your nursery and get either a changing table with a drawer , or hang an organizer onto the wall for other necessities .
 The diaper depot description does not explain that it * must * hang from the side of a changing table and can not stand on its own . My changing table is the top of a dresser and does n't have those crib-like sides that the depot can hang from . Because the bottom of the depot is 2-sided it can not stand on its own.Also , it is too small to hold the Lionheart brand cloth wipe warmer .
 I was excited to find this product since my little girl was getting longer & needed more room atop our changing table . Well , what a big disappointment when the wipes warmer did not fit snugly . We have the Prince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmer , which is shown on the side of the box fitting nicely . Yeah , right . It teetered over the edge and looked as if it could fall off at any moment . Needless to say , I returned this organizer thing and made my own with a little ingenuity and only a few bucks . My prototype organizer works better and was much cheaper !
 Great idea but a few more pennies could have been added to construction . It would be a better idea to put the money toward a changing table ... really .
 I ordered this to hang on the end of my Ikea changing table -LRB- as a few reviewers have noted , if you have a combination changing table/dresser , this may not work for you -RRB- . Unfortunately , it arrived and was cracked and crushed at the top . So , I sent it back and requested a replacement . AGAIN , cracked . So I sent that back and asked for a refund . I found the same product -LRB- for $ 14 , a little bit more but not terrible -RRB- at Babies R Us . I opened two boxes at the store to inspect them and BOTH were cracked or chipped . I do n't know if this is because of the type of pastic being used , a defective batch from the factory , or simply bad luck on my part . But , I am going to pass on this product although it seemed like it would have worked well otherwise . Disappointing .
 i searched high and low for an organizer that would fit on the side of my grand daughter 's GRACO pack and play and i thought i had finally found it . it 's heavy and bulky which made it not sit straight up against the mesh on the sides of the pack and play , it kept caving in and stuff would fall off of it . i have the Prince Lionheart Wipes Warmer that was supose to fit in the slot on top of this Prince Lionheard Diaper Depot but it DID NOT ! everytime i would pull a wipe out it would move the warmer out of the &#34; too tiny &#34; slot and it would fall on the ground . newborn and size one diapers did n't fit in it either because the opening is too big and two and three diapers would come out all at once , the hanging containers on the sides slide out too easily and only a small size bottle of lotion would fit it in -LRB- who even buys the small size products anymore ? -RRB- the plastic is very thin and cheaply made . it was worth it for me to pay shipping to return it . back to the drawing board !
 I bought this item to hang onto the side of our pack n play . It did n't work for what we wanted , and we sent it back . Thanks to amazon 's awesome return policy . If your looking for something like this for your pack n play , I 'd recommend something else . This does n't fit over the edge of the pack n play .
 I bought this because I wanted something at table-level for holding the wipes . When I tried to install it on my changing table , I discovered that the end of my changing table was too thick . Measure the thickness of the end before you order ; if it 's more than 1 inch thick , do n't bother with it . -LRB- Mine was 1-1/4 '' thick . -RRB-
 I spent about 6 hours trying to install one of these locks , I finally gave up - you need a magnifying glass to read the instructions and see the pictures , and none of the pictures seem to correspond to the instructions - I wasted $ 20 on these locks which are now sitting in a bag in my garage . I 'm usually pretty good with assembling things -LRB- I 've installed my own ceiling fans and built my own shelves ! -RRB- - but these are impossible - dont waste your money .
 I installed the totlocks on the bottom cupboards in my daycare area . They are not visible from the room and do a great job of making the cupboards notaccessible to the little ones . I keep the magnet on a top shelf that is easy for me to see and reach . Having used a combination of drawer/shelf protectors in the past , I love that these are unseen and do not make anymarks on the front of the wood .
 I lock you can not put on the cabniet , unless you have unlimited time , patience , and cabinet doors , will not keep little hands out . We have owned these locks for over a year and have yet to master installation . They are furstrating to install and damaging to cabinet doors.Go for simple and affective . Five minutes to install is far safer than not installed at all .
 After we finally figured out the instructions for installation -LRB- the pictures were so tiny -RRB- , we installed one correctly . Then , when we tried to install the second one , we found out that our doors are n't solid . The small magnet part fell all the way to the bottom . After 30 minutes of trying to extract the magnet from the door , we finally installed that , but the parts just did n't fit well together . This was more trouble than it was worth , and we purchased the old-fashioned ones . It was also much more expensive than the old-fashioned ones . Oh well , we probably would have lost the magnetic key in a few months anyway .
 I have never seen such pitiful instructions before , especially on a baby safety item . The instructions are vague , and the pictures are so small , you can hardly tell what to do . They did n't align right , and I ended up drilling 3 holes in my cabinets , and then gave up because of frustration . I had read the reviews before I ordered , but figured that the instructions had to be better than I had read . I was wrong ! I will always take others ' advice from now on . If it were n't for the trouble , I would have returned them immediately . I have not even installed them .
 I had heard that these locks were supposed to be so good and childproof , and bought them despite the cost . When I tried to install them I just got really frustrated with how many holes you have to drill per lock , the tedious measuring you have to do , and I accidentally drilled all the way through the door in one spot ... My own fault , I know , but the huge drill bit size and the multiple holes per lock makes this too possible ... I got so annoyed I gave up , and quickly and easily installed some `` regular '' white plastic locks instead , and will return the magnetic ones . My son is only 1 so he may still figure out how to open the white locks as he gets older , but until then I will spare myslef the frustration of trying to install the magnetic locks on 13 doors ... ! If you do buy these locks , make sure a very patient and precise person can install them ... ! Good luck !
 These latches work well enough , and it 's nice that they are invisible once installed . But installation was a painful process , involving copious use of profanity on my part . Some notable issues : - The microsized instruction sheet is nearly useless . - The screws are way too small . I had to use a # 0 Phillips to tighten them
 This fell off in about a day , it sticks so well to the furniture i ca n't get the adhesives off my entertainment center but it did n't stick to the guards at all . WHat a waste of money .
 I would rate this product with ZERO stars if I could . This product has got to be THE worst item I have bought since my baby was born . I followed the directions of installation to the tee , and it did n't last on my hearth a month . My 10-month-old has already pulled it off . Basically , anything that goes on with adhesive tape will be pulled off by the average baby . Lesson learned . If it worked well , I would n't mind the fact that it is a real eyesore on my living room . Unfortunately , it is an eyesore that has no practical function , and I have wasted my money .
 I bought this for our fireplace -- gee fireplace on the picture . I cleaned the surface and then lo and behold these pads have tape on them to hold them to BRICK ??? I used books to help the tape stick and the foam fell off in a couple of weeks . Even before the twins learned to crawl over and pull it off . Oh and by the way I would n't stick this on my furniture either . It is going in the trash .
 I like the concept of this product . It is very cushiony and easy to install . BUT , my toddler pulled it off the same day . We finally used a super glue like material to get it to stick . Now we only have to re-apply it once a week instead of several times each day .
 We ended up giving this away . The stickers it comes with is a joke . We went with another brand -LRB- just one long piece -RRB- and it worked out much better since our brick fireplace is rounded . If you do go with this one , make sure to get the removable caulk as the stickers do n't work AT ALL .
 Too much modification to fit my fireplace hearth . I gave up .
 An expensive product that does n't even work . Like many other reviewers I felt the adhesive does a poor job of staying onto a brick fireplace . My 18 month old is constantly pulling off and I have to put back on , so there 's no real point for this product . Also there is n't enough cushion provided to cover the edges of my fireplace . I had to buy two boxes , an expensive investment that I 'll end up replacing
 While I loved how thick and cushioned this product was , the double backing tape was not strong enough to adhere to my brick fireplace and stand up to my daughter pulling on it . I ended up using another product that uses double backing velcro which she thus far has not been able to remove .
 Well , if my 10 mth old baby could n't rip these off the brick hearth , I 'd be much more pleased with this product . They look good and blend in with my brick so much so that most guests do n't even notice them . The concept is great but functionality is very questionable . Maybe the manufacturer should consider stronger adhesive .
 I bought this item for my sister-in-law and then later one for myself and we both feel it is n't all that great of an item . I felt it was a little pricey for what you get . The cushion does n't stay on very well . It comes with double sided stick tape to put it on the edge of the fireplace and it comes off very easily . My 8mos old is now crawling and grabbing edges of tables etc. to pull himself up and he pulled it right off the fireplace . It has good cushion to it , but just does n't stay in place . My sister-in-laws came up off her fireplace just like mine did and she was n't that impressed with it . If you can find another product , I would try it first . I have seen some in magazines , they cost more , but might be worth it if they stay in place .
 We put the guard on ... following directions , cleaning and all , and what happened ? Half of it fell of , and the rest of it was pulled off by my daughter ! If its supposed to keep my baby safe , then how come she pulled it right off ? This product was a complete waste of money , and I could n't return it or get my money back because it says `` may not stick to all surfaces '' . What kind of customer service is that ?
 I bought this product on-line and installed it on my fireplace . My -LRB- at the time -RRB- 11 month old toddler immediately pulled every last piece off -LRB- `` NO '' is such a hard thing at this age -RRB- . I tried a heavier duty double-sided tape . Same result . Last week , 15 month old toddler , promptly smacks head on now bumper free fireplace . After an emergency room visit -LRB- no stiches , thank God -RRB- I decided to anchor guards into place with screws and anchors . Not the proper way these things are supposed to be installed . I am going to buy another set and super glue them to fireplace . Granted it is no one 's fault that my son hit his head . But definitely agree that super glue needs to be supplied as standard item with this product . The product is fine but from reading reviews , everyone seems to agree , the anchoring system supplied is inadequate . I know that in the instructions they say a more durable type of tape or fastener may be necessary but at this point it should be considered standard .
 The guard is made up of two parts , the foam and the double-sided tape . Fortunately , the foam is high quality and very dense . If it would attach properly , I 'm sure it would work well . However , the double-sided tape is a joke . It comes in a solid sheet that needs torn off . It is very difficult to remove the paper cover without ending up with a ball of tape . If this product had better tape , I would rate it a 5 . But with this tape it is definitely a 1 .
 The concept is great , but the product is n't . The pads have a lot of cushioning , but they do n't stay on the hearth -LRB- we have a brick hearth -RRB- . My son constantly pulls them off - the adhesive needs to be improved greatly .
 I wish I read the reviews on this product before I bought it . My 11 month old daughter also loves to pull off the foam . Not only did I waste money but I wasted a lot of time purchasing , installing and running over to my daughter hoping she does n't pull a piece off and choke on it.If I could rate this product with 0 stars , I would.Update 12/07 - my son who is now almost 3 had the same issues with this product . The glue has left such a mess on our fireplace and I 'm still trying to get the glue off . HORRIBLE PRODUCT .
 This item is a waste of your money -LRB- pretty expensive too for what little amount of materials come with it -RRB- ! Almost as soon as we installed it on our fireplace , it fell off . All my 81/2 month old had to do was touch it and the guards fell off . I 'm returning it !
 We got these becasue our new house has a brick fireplace with an elevated ledge . Our daughter was just learning to walk when we moved in and as part of our baby-proofing we decided we needed something for the fireplace . This was about the only option BRU had and it was a waste of money . It did n't fit together right and then the adhesive did n't stick to the brick . Plus when it was on our daughter seemed to be drawn to it ! It never failed she wanted to go right to it and try to get it up . So we just took it up and she 's been fine without anything on it . In fact , she 's pretty much left it alone since we took this off .
 This is worth it for the safety but Im going to warn that it dose NOT work on rock fire places . They only way I could get it to stick to the fire place was with gorilla glue and then still , it would fall off . Now its off completley it it was hard to get most of that glue off , my fire place looked like it had dung clung to it.Too bad it didnt work for me .
 We got this & it was a POS . As soon as you get it , you 'll see . You can go to Home Depot or any home improvement store . Find edge covers , there are some that are pretty padded . It will take some work to get it to stick to brink , just as this product DOES not ! Have fun , just do n't waste your money on this !
 I find that this item is terrible . Yeah it may protect them from their precious heads , but they have more fun pulling it off ! They are n't sticky at all , so they do n't hold good . I just do n't think it worth the money or the hassles and trouble .
 This product was not only expensive , it does not work ! My son constantly pulls off the pieces . The pieces are too short in the kit and he is able to get a grip on them and rip them right off.They should make the strips longer and provide a better adhesive . I plan to write a letter and complain to the company . Do n't waste your money please !
 I wish this product would work . It does n't . The pieces are easily pulled off by my twins . I ended up buying a kidco gate to go around the fireplace ... I should have used this money to go toward that option in the first place . I really think it is the only thing that would work with most kids -LRB- maybe some kids are n't interested in pulling/playing with everything but mine are -RRB- .
 I would rate this product with ZERO stars if I could . This product has got to be THE worst item I have bought since my baby was born . I followed the directions of installation to the tee , and it did n't last on my hearth a month . My 10-month-old has already pulled it off . Basically , anything that goes on with adhesive tape will be pulled off by the average baby . Lesson learned . If it worked well , I would n't mind the fact that it is a real eyesore on my living room . Unfortunately , it is an eyesore that has no practical function , and I have wasted my money .
 These are very cushiony and I 'm sure would protect against injury , but my dog easily pulls them right off . Additionally , the adhesive had to be soaked with goo gone and scraped off of our fireplace and coffee table -LRB- not good for wood finishes -RRB- . I 've noticed in other reviews people commented that the tape came right off . I guess it depends on the material your fireplace is made of .
 This does n't work with any fireplace except for brick . I have a stone fireplace and it was awful , the worst ! I had to return it ! It should say on the box that it only works for brick , so I 'm assuming since I do n't have a brick fireplace .
 It is cushiony , but it really does n't stick to a real brick fireplace . It 's extremely easy to pull off -LRB- i.e. bad for crawling babies -RRB- , and looks uneven when applied , since it sticks to all of the bricks differently . Not a fantastic product , since the goal is to stick to the edges well .
 My son was able to pull this off right away . I 'm constantly retaping it to the fireplace . When it does stay on , it 's great . Have prevented a few bruises/cuts .
 These guards are a bit pricey for what you 're getting . The adhesive that comes with it is a joke . With a surface as porous as brick , there 's simply no way it will work -LRB- the box it comes in even shows a ceramic hearth so maybe that 's what it 's intended for -RRB- . My husband bought some heavy-traffic carpet adhesive and that has worked pretty well . Our little one can still pull the foam guards off if he wants too , but the carpet adhesive is so sticky that they reapply with no problem . Also , we were disappointed that the pieces do n't fit together better . There are obvious seams across the front so it 's not the most attractive look . However , they do serve their purpose .
 I bought this product to protect my son . As soon as he could maneuver himself over to the fireplace , the first thing he did was rip the strips off . They dont adhere well to brick and did not fit together properly . It was a total waste of money .
 I 'd give this zero stars if it were an option . Not only did this guard not adhere well to the edge of my brick fireplace - but my baby became fascinated with pulling at it . The little guy managed to get it loose with little effort and once loose - it never adhered again !
 Although the foam is dense enough to protect little noggins from sharp hearth corners , the pieces just do n't stick ! The `` heavy duty '' tape is a joke as my 11 month old daughter can easily remove the foam , which defeats its purpose . The paper backing was also extremely difficult to remove from the tape , making the whole process an exercise in frustration . Do n't make the same mistake I did . Do a little research and find a product that actually adheres to the fireplace hearth .
 After reading oodles of positive reviews I was excited to use this tub for my newborns but they are just now able to fit into it at 3 months -LRB- 11 lbs -RRB- . The center divide was much too wide for their little legs to surround -LRB- my boy cried because it was crushing his boy parts -RRB- and their arms could not fall over the arm rests . As it is , it 's so slick , I have to use a hand to hold them in place or they 'll slide around and fall out of position . I do n't like this tub at all and wish I had bought something smaller . I thought I was being frugal by buying something that would be usable for 2 years . I 've used it twice and I 'm ready to chuck it !
 I got this tub through my baby shower and I love it at first until I tried it with my newborn -LRB- 1 week old . The tub is too big to put it on any table or sink ! I can only fit it in my bathroom tub and even that you still have to bend down and hard to reach your baby since the tub itself is so WIDE ! Do not recommend for any newborn . I 'll probably save it till my baby is at least 6 months old or just give it away . . I ended bought another newborn bathtub made by `` The First Year '' , it 's fit her perfectly with convenience space !!!
 I love the tub ; however , it 's HUGE ! We had no where to store it . It barely fit in our bath tub when we were not using it . It 's as big as a laundry basket . I would have rather gotten a smaller one because once my son was sitting up , he bathed in the sink and our tub . So after 6 months we did n't use it any longer .
 This is definitely not a tub for a child who can sit up on their own . I bought this tub for my 11 month old , because I did n't think her other one was safe . This tub is huge and seems like it might work well for a small infant , but not for a baby who is sitting up . My daughter immediately tried to pull herself up and stand , and she ended up hitting herself on the oddly placed bump in the middle of the tub and started to cry . She also kept slipping from side to side and seemed very uncomfortable . There is a bump that is meant to go between the baby 's legs and keep them from falling forward , but my daughter did not seem to appreciate it one bit and slipped to the side instead . I would not reccomend that anoyone buy this tub , unless for an infant . but even then I can not reccomend it , because I did not use it with an infant .
 I chose this tub based on the reviews I read here . Granted that I had a preemie , but she is 5 months old and 12 pounds and the tub is still way too big for her . The molded plastic seat does n't hold her right and she does n't feel secure . I used my friend 's tub last week and my daughter loved that one . I do n't know the brand , but it had a mash sling to hold smaller babies that you remove when the child gets bigger.Also , this tub is very large overall and is hard to store .
 I was so excited to buy this bath as my baby is also big -LRB- 14lb at 3 montths -RRB- and she HATES it.We have been bathing her in the sink and she had a great time kicking her legs around . The bath has a place for her bum to rest , which means that she ca n't kick her legs out straight the way she wants to . Also , when the water is high enough to cover a decent amount of her body , it reaches her ears . Bathtime has gone from the best time of the day to the most dreaded . Do not get this bath if your baby enjoys kicking .
 After reading all the reveiw on this , I believed I HAD to have this tub . It is bulky and a pain to use . Our daughter never liked it . Buy the sponge - it is a couple of bucks and really all you need , in my opinion.We just sold it in our garage sale - I think we probably used it about 3-4 times before we gave up because of the hassle .
 I ordered this tub based on the positive reviews . However , the tub is WAY TOO BIG ! . You might as well use your own bathtub because the euro bath is the same size . By the time you fill it , clean it and find a place to store it -LRB- if you can -RRB- you wont ever want to bathe your kid again .
 I wo n't buy this tub because they are trying to charge $ 21 for shipping . The item itself is only $ 24.99 . You can order larger and heavier items with less shipping charges . Did all of you actual pay that ridiculous amount ???
 We registered for this site unseen based on the reviews . It greeted us on the porch of our house when we arrived home with the baby . At first , I thought a refridgerator had been delivered ! -LRB- Okay ... slight exaggeration . -RRB- But it was HUGE . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 From the moment this tub arrived I did n't like it . I returned it and purchased the First Years Tub -LRB- Blue -RRB- . More $ $ $ does n't always mean better quality . This one proved that to me .
 When my daugther try to stand up she always felt and hurt her button because the plastic thing that are on the middle , tha t suppose tober there for security , last time she hurt herself really bad even that I was really close to her ...
 Registered for this for our baby and when it came I was shocked at how VERY LARGE it was . Certainly it would be a pain to store when not in use . Sent it back .
 I was so excited when I got this tub . The reviews were great and I expected a great product . Boy was I wrong . From the time I opened the box I knew I 'd hate it . The tub was filthy , not something I would expect from a new product , it had scratches and nicks all over it . After having cleaned it up I tried it out with my daughter . It was too big for her , she slid and I had to prop her up with a towel to make her comfortable . I could n't believe it , I mean she was eight pounds-four ounces , it 's not like she was a small baby . It frustrated me and made her bath time uncomfortable , I can tell she felt it too . I would hate anyone to go out and buy this tub , it 's truly not worth the money . What a horrible product !
 I bought this bath tub for my baby because it said it could be used for older babies , which is just what I needed , as the home where I live does n't have a tub or shower , and I did n't want to just sponge bathe my baby when he got older -LRB- I want him to enjoy an actual bath -RRB- . This tub is TOO big.It 's too big to fit in a sink.It 's too big to fit on a bathroom counter.It 's too big to fit on a kitchen counter.It takes up too much room on the floor -- and then lifting it to drain it is too much work.I could n't use this tub.It is only made for someone with a huge home .
 I 've found the manufacturer 's claims this item is `` durable '' to be untrue . The tub literally cracked under my son 's foot when he stood in it -LRB- yes , he was within the recommended age range -RRB- . Fortunately , my son was not injured but he could have very easily been pinched or severely cut by the hard cracked plastic jutting out of the tub . The tub did not experience any excessive wear , other than daily baths , and was stored hanging in a closet . I contacted Primo by email to report the incident and provided them with pix of the defective tub . They wanted me to destroy the tub and then pay freight shipping charges based on a 30 lb . item for a replacement . I told them I was n't interested in a replacement if the defects in the manufacturing process had n't been changed or improved and I definitely was not paying for a 30 lb . shipping charge when the EuroBath could n't even weigh 10 lbs . Here 's where it gets unbelievable - after that I still am continuing to receive rude and harassing emails from some anonymous person at Primo . Primo and the EuroBath have been reported are now being investigated by the Better Business Bureau and the Consumer Product Safety Commision .
 This was the ONLY bathtub I purchased , based on all of the stellar reviews , and BOY was I disappointed !! My baby was only 6 pounds full-term , and this tub was HUGE !! Even with the so-called supports the tub has , she still slid all over the place , and I still had to lean over the side of the tub and hold her very carefully ! She hated it and so did I , and to this day -LRB- 18 months later ! -RRB- she HATES the tub and we 're still doing sink-side sponge baths !! If I had to do it again , I 'd get one of the smaller tubs that has the sling-type support ! IF YOUR BABY IS A PREEMIE OR IS JUST ON THE SMALLER SIDE , DO NOT BUY THIS TUB - IT IS JUST WAY TOO HUGE AND REALLY HAS NO SUPPORTS !!!!!!!!!!!! UPDATE
 This tub is HUGE . It is hard and slippery . It hardly fits in the tub because it 's so huge . I think it would work for a baby that hardly moves in the tub . Otherwise , it would be too restricting for baby and would frustrate baby . It is too large to store anywhere . This is one baby product I regret purchasing . Total waste of money . I have to wonder also why there are so many 5 star reviews . This is the only product I 've seen on Amazon that has so many customer pictures with captions , hmmmmm ...
 I bought this tub because it received really good reviews - but it is gigantic and really takes up half of my bathroom.Also , because of it 's size you do n't transport it and end up keeping it in the bathtub anyway!I found it 's just easier for my daughter to take a bath with me !
 Tub arrived absolutely filthy , cracked and with many scratches . It looks like it was tipped upside down and kicked around a warehouse floor . Amazon generally packages items very well . This job was atrocious . The tub was put unwrapped , unboxed into a mammoth cardboard Amazon box . By the time it made it to my home , it was rendered totally unusable . I do n't know if this tub was trashed before or during shipping but now I 've got to deal with returning this beast .
 Even though it is supposed to be designed to grow with your child , this tub is just too big for a newborn and unnecessary for a toddler . There is no mechanism to secure a newborn in the tub . My daughter just slips and slides around . Also , it is just an enormous tub that does n't store well . You might as well pad an adult tub . I wish I had gotten another tub .
 We always thought a baby needs a big space during the bath to relax . When my nephew ; s parents registered , they found this one and got it . It seems to be the biggest one out there and it works for every stage in your child 's development.When he was born , his mom decided that he was too small for this tub and decided to use the kitchen sink . We expected he would be able to use it when he grew a bit.At three months he outgrew the sink and they tried the tub . That was the only time it was used . They prefferd to hold the baby with one arm so he could moved however he wanted , without being limited by the tub . It just was n't comfortable.They have a big , spacious bathtub in their bathroom and , at 5 months , my nephew loves to lay there by himself splashing and `` swimming '' . But we still hope to use this one when he gets a bit older and can sits well by himself ... so we do n't need to use that much water :-RRB- .
 My husband registered for , and we recieved this bath when our daughter was born . From day one , I absolutely hated it . My daughter was born 7lbs 15oz and 20 '' long - She constantly was sliding around in this thing , or when she would kick and splash her legs would go around the `` post '' that was supposed to separate her legs and it would hit her privates hard . She just could not relax enough to enjoy her bath , and she LOVES to be in warm water.Even with a sponge support she cried every second she was in the water . A towel , sponge support , anything at all that might help A -RRB- make her not slip around so much and B -RRB- make it not so hard . Once we switched to a softer material tub by Summer Infant -LRB- I might also add that the tub is MUCH smaller ! -RRB- my daughter loves bath time again . She will kick and splash , play with toys , etc. I would not recommend this bath tub . It 's a good idea , but the material is just too dang hard and it 's not comfortable for little babies .
 I bought this because of all of the great reviews , but no one addressed the issue that the baby slips down when they are using the angled infant side of the tub . Most baby tubs have some sort of padding or rubber mat on the infant part to prevent any slippage , but this one is just slippery plastic . So I was having to hold her and wash her at the same time . I do like the other aspects of this tub , so I have not replaced it yet . Currently I just use a towel underneath her and that seems to be working well .
 This bath tub is humongous . It needs its own bath room . Too big to put it on top of a kitchen sink . Since the only place I found for it near water source is inside our bath tub , which places it practically at ground level , my back is killing me.Unless your are planning to remodel your bathroom to fit this monster , go for something else . Definitely not for a 700 Sqr Foot apartment in the city .
 This was too big for our two month old and he was very uncomfortable . His neck is still unstable so I had to hold his neck the entire time while taking a bath rather than it whacking on the hard plastic . Also the protruding centerpiece is a good place to crush a baby 's balls so watch out especially if he 's too small to fit in the tub properly ! I think this tub would be good for older infants or toddlers but not for our two month old . Hopefully in the future we can use it again .
 Hi there , I had high hopes for this tub . My baby is growing out of the sink :-RRB- And I wanted to have better control of the water temperature in the bathroom tub.Anyway . I thought this tub would have a similar seat position as the Infant Bath Seat by Primo -LRB- in which my baby feels great -RRB- but it does n't !!! His neck is all broken with his chin going into his chest . He naturally pushes on the back of his head to not break his neck . That does n't feel relaxing at all even though he loves being in the water . You can see it on some of the pictures that some people posted . I do n't see how it would get more comfortable as he gets older , the shape of the top of the lounge chair is just too rounded/curved ... The only way would be when he transitions to the oposite/seated side.I guess we 'll continue in the sink for now and splash the kitchen all over .
 This tub does not work well for small newborns . My now 10 week old is just over 9 lbs and still ca n't be bathed in this tub as she slides down and gets all scrunched up in the ample space on the infant side . Even rolling up a towel and placing towards the bottom under her bottom does not work . Also not good that there is no cradle space for baby 's head . Important in the first 3 months when they ca n't hold their own . I end up trying to hold her with one hand and washing with the other which makes me and baby all uncomfortable as soaping and rinsing with one hand is difficult . Also tough to get the back .
 Looked very bad . Very poor quality plastic . Felt bad to see the sticker `` Made in USA '' . There was a crack in the product , does n't look like damaged while shipping . Felt like sellers are using amazon to clear of defective product .
 We used this tub twice before it started leaking ! water flooded out the plug hole and all over the kitchen counter . We thought maybe the plug was n't secured so we tried it again next bath time , same thing!It 's now going in the trash -LRB- try shipping this huge monstrosity back ! -RRB- where it belongs.Shame , because I really like the concept . My son also slips around in there , and the middle part meant to secure him just makes him uncomfortable .
 It does get dirty very easy . after a week of use , you will find that the tub has black streaks on it and it 's extrememly difficult to remove them . We 've decided to ditch it and buy another brand instead.Also , it is just too huge ... too many extra stuff in the tub . After using it , we figured out we just want something simple ... just need a tub , no need to have anything inside !
 It 's a great tub , but it does not fit into my reg . bathtub .
 My 9 month old son loves bath time with the Fisher Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub . It 's got anti-slip for infants and same goes for the toddler position . Only thing I did not like about the tub was that it 's too shallow and my son is big for 9 month . -LRB- I 'm guessing the depth has something to do with safety -RRB- . My brother who just has his daughter said his Primo tub was too big so he wanted to switch.Pros . . it 's bigConsit 's too big and waste a lot of water . over twice as much water as the FP whale tub . Which I would not mind if it was bit deeper so my son can get a better submersion but it 's not any deeper than the FP whale tub.Main problem is that Flooring is too slippery so my son was startled everytime his bum slipped against the floor . He loves bath time with his Fisher Price Whale tub since he was an infant . Always smiles and never wanting to get but yesterday for the first time , I saw him startled and whining to get out of the tub . Never once saw my son slip on the Whale tub . In fact he would rotate and splash around while taking a bath without a problem . With Primo tub he stopped dead on his track , scared that he would slip.I supposed you can put a towel to offset the slipping problem but I think I 'd rather look for another tub .
 I had high hopes for this product after reading all the glowing reviews.This is why it does not work for us -1 -RRB- Our tall -LRB- 86 percentile -RRB- 7 month old fits rather uncomfortably on the side for babies 6 month and older . The protrusion to keep the baby slipping is real close to her body and she has to sit really upright and in no other position . A bit more recline is needed and the protrusion needs to be less wide .2 -RRB- Our baby is always trying to stand up - and the shiny and highly slippery surface means she falls down hard . A well designed product would have a non-slip surface ! 3 -RRB- The drain hole is tiny - takes a long time for water to drain out.Cheap - and highly over-rated . I 'm looking for alternatives .
 My 7 months gets too active during bathtime so I bought this to replace myFisher-Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub . It is bigger which is great but it is also very slippery for an active infant . My infant would crawl or tried to stand up causing her to slipped hitting her body and head into the safety supports which are hard plastic mounds . Bathing became difficult and painful for her so I stopped using it and got something with a flat even surface like aHoppop Bato Bath Tub , Limewhich worked out quite nicely . I would only used this if my infant just lay during bath like a newborn but she does n't . I would also recommend getting some anti slip stickers if you 're still going to get this . Will give it another try once she can stand on her own .
 I bought this tub for my daughter -LRB- now 1 -RRB- . She is a small , petite girl and I always felt like she was too small for this tub , even now . I stopped using it . It is very big and bulky and the hard plastic is slippery and there is no cushioning for her head . I did like the soap holder and the fact that the tub can be used with older babies as well . But it just did not work for us .
 Its huge . It doesnt fit on my bath . Its even a tight squeeze inside the tub . When I bathe my baby in the tub it kills my back so I have to put the tub on the floor which is a tight squeeze because my bathroom is so small.The bath does have 2 sides . One end is for smaller babies . They can lay down and cant slip down due to the mid section . The other side is a lttle small.I dont use this bath much because of the size of it . My daughter prefers to beable to swim in the main bathtub or shower with me .
 I bought this tub because I felt my 8 month-old had outgrown his old tub -LRB- First Years Infant to Toddler Tub -RRB- , but THE PRIMO TUB IS TOO BIG . My son moves around a lot in the tub , and everytime he moved he slipped , nearly going under each time . It was scary and I could n't wait to get him out , and back into his slightly smaller , but much safer , First Year 's tub.My son is now 10 mos , and I just tried the Primo tub again , this time with non-slip , suction cup circles that I bought specifically to use with this tub . He did fine as long as he just sat and did n't try to move ... that lasted maybe 5 minutes ! As soon as he tried to turn around or stand up , he slipped and went under . I was right there , and caught him immediately , but it was scary.I actually still think this could be a good tub , but it 's just not for little ones . I 'm going to guess and say maybe for 1 year-olds and up . Needless to say , I 'm sticking to my trusty blue First Years tub .
 I did n't know any better - first time mom - I registered for this huge thing . It 's slippery when you put a newborn in it & they do n't fit in the seat properly , my son was very uncomfortable and cried . I used a smaller tub now , but will keep this for when he is older and can use the other side of it . For now , I have to figure out where to store the huge thing .
 I really wanted to love this bath , but I do n't . It is just too big even in my rather big bathroom.My baby was n't really into this tub either.I 'm still keeping it in case if we have another baby.If you are having a first baby , I would recommend using Infant Bath Seat from primo.It is easy to use , clean and store . My baby liked it better .
 I ordered this tub new and the tub has water marks and orange mildew on all the edges , under the edge and around the drain plug . There is also calcium build up around the drain plug . This is far from a new product it has been well used . I do n't know if the tub is any good because I will not be bathing my son in this .
 THIS THING IS BIG AND BULKY AND SLIPPERY WHEN WET . BEST ONE IS Summer Infant Mother 's Touch Large Comfort Bather
 Arrived caved in from shipping . If a plastic tub ca n't endure shipping , how can it handle a growing toddler ? I had a nightmarish experience returning through Marketplace , horrible experience for a cheap overpriced tub . I ended up ordering the hoppop bath , which I love . The PRI tub certainly was n't worth the $ 50 I spent . Go to Bed , Bath , & Beyond to see it in person and pay $ 24.99 if you really want it . I still prefer the hoppop that I purchased through Amazon .
 After reading such great reviews I registered for this tub . It never worked for my daughter . Everytime I put her in it , she wiggled right out of the holding seat . She was a big baby , so it 's not like she was too small for it . I just used the safer bather mat in the regular tub and she loved it . When she was old enough to sit up I tried again , but by this time she preferred splashing in the big tub so I gave mine away .
 A lot of people recommended this to us , and we coughtit , but next time we definitely wo n't . when your baby is n't sitting yet , you are better off with a smaller tub that has a better surface for the baby to lie on . When you kid is sitting , all the shaping of this tub is in the way of his legs and his toys ! Better to use big tub or ikea baby tub . Very bulky too :-LRB- -LRB-
 Overall , I was disappointed with the Stokke Sleepi Bumper . I purchased this -LRB- and paid a premium -RRB- to have the Stokke-brand accessory with the expectation it would complement my existing Stokke crib and mattress set . I ca n't imagine why , but the bumper did n't fit the Stokke mattress . The bumper has straps that must go under the mattress , but they 're too short to allow the bumper to sit on top of the mattress . As a result , the bumper has to squeeze between the mattress and crib sides making it bunch up . In addition , the bumper is too short to tie on the top of the rails and it 's a very soft material , so it slides down and bags on top of the mattress , providing no buffer for the crib rails . The color and fabric are both classic and lovely , but this bumper just does n't function as well as others I 've seen .
 We received one of these when our first son was born , when they were all the rage . It is such a hassle ! Its difficult to figure out how to insert the diapers , and then you wrap the diapers in all this plastic -- if you were feeling guilty for not using cloth diapers before , this will send you over the edge ! I tell you , just get a stainless steel/aluminum waste basket with a tight closing lid . You 'll save a bundle over the next few years because you wo n't have to buy the special Playtex bag inserts , and it stops odors just as well .
 I 'm a first time mother , got the Diaper Genie while pregnant because it seemed like such a great product , and actually used it for a whole year , all the while assuming that the faint poop smell on the baby 's bathroom was inevitable , even using this state-of-the-art , top ten greatest invention known to new moms , system . Then I got a new nanny who refused to deal with the Diaper Genie claiming that she did n't know how to use it , and who just threw soiled diapers in the kitchen trash can . She then empties the kitchen trash can about twice a day -LRB- ours is a rather small can with a lid -RRB- . Hooray !!! Gone is the poop smell in the bathroom , and there is not even a trace of it in the kitchen , since we empty the trash can so often !
 I would not recommend getting the Diaper Genie . Once my son started solids , I had to put the Diaper Genie in the garage because of the smell . Who wants a nursery smelling of poopie diapers ?
 When I first got it , I thought could not live without it . Well after a few months , there was not enough Lysol that could get rid of the `` stinky/pee diaper smell . '' And to top it off it 's a pain ... to insert new `` bags . '' My recommendation
 They make it sound so easy ... open the lid , push the bag down , throw the diaper in , close the lid , and turn the crank . I had to open the lid , remove the lip , push the bag down -LRB- otherwise the bag would rip -RRB- , throw the diaper in , put the lip back on , twist the lip -LRB- the top handle would n't twist the bag -RRB- , and then close the cover . After only a month , the lip had worn so much that I could n't even put it back on . I had to empty this thing every 2 to 3 days . I finally decided to throw the thing out and buy a better diapering system and I am very happy with the Safety 1st Neat System . I would never recommend the diaper genie to anyone !
 This is horrible ! It does n't work properly . I have to spin the diapers manually because all the top spinner does is cut the plastic . It cuts too close to the diaper , so it 's impossible to tie up and get rid of . It does NOT keep odor out either ! Too messy as well . I highly recommend you DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT ! Also , big diapers do n't fit easily into the pail . Yuck ! Go for the Diaper Dekkor , especially if you have multiples !
 I would give this product zero stars if I could . We bought this for our first baby . I threw it away after 4 months . It was more trouble than it was worth , it was easier to walk to the outside trash can than to deal with this thing . In addition , it only holds about 9 diapers , or a days worth for a newborn . And we literally never could get the refill in correctly , and my husband and I both have advanced degrees ! If we ca n't read the instructions and figure it out , something 's wrong with the product ! I was very disappointed .
 My husband and I could not get this thing to ever work properly . I heard that if you can get it to work properly it is a real must have , but over 50 % of the people that I have talked to about their genie hate it and tell people not to use it . SO JUST BEWARE !
 We got the diaper genie as a shower gift . It was okay the first year . Then it became a pain in the -LSB- rear -RSB- to push in the diaper and twist it for the next diaper . Many times it unraveled for the first diaper after you started a new link . Plus it started to smell . I too had sprayed lysol and cleaned it , but the smell still stunk up the room . I even changed to the toddler refill , but was not satisfied . It 's okay for infant diapers but not recommended for toddlers . We needed something better for toddler diapers , so we switched to another brand . Much happier now .
 We purchased this for our daughter and at the beginning worked great held plenty of newborn diapers . From the beginning refills were a complete hassle and always had trouble removing the bags when the Genie was full . After several months when our daughter was on solids the smell was awful and the lid broke . So if the lid was not properly closed the room would smell like bad diapers immediately . Overall its just not worth the hassle spend more and buy something like the Diaper Dekor .
 First of all , nothing completely controls the odor . Diaper pails have to be changed very regularly . The drawback for me was buying the special bags -LRB- which can be pricey -RRB- and emptying the contraption . Each time you put in a diaper , you twist the top and the diaper becomes a link in the plastic bag -LRB- like sausages in a link -RRB- . When it is full , you open the bottom and remove the chain of diapers . The bag often becomes unraveled and you see how much more bag space you could have used if you just used a regular diaper pail . This was trendy in the 90 's but impractical now . I recommend something that uses standard trash bags , with a triple sealed lid and an air freshener !
 As a first time mother , I registered for this for my baby shower . Now as a mother of two , I know better ! This diaper pail is okay at first . As the baby grows , so do their diaper size . Diaper Genie does n't hold as much diapers as it did when you had a new born . You are forced to buy their refills . The thing that sold me on this product was the odorless advertising . Not true . With lysol , stick ups , and all , this thing still stunk . I now own a different type of diaper pail , and am much happier . Consider the pros and cons before buying .
 I was happy to receive 2 of these at my baby shower - 1 for upstairs and 1 for down . While I was breastfeeding it worked great because the diapers were not smelly . Once my baby was on food , the diapers were smelly and I found my Diaper Genie not holding in the odors . I would walk in my baby 's room and think he had a dirty diaper , when in fact it was the Diaper Genie . I do n't have a problem with the refills and emptying - JUST THE ODOR ! I would not recommend this to anyone and now have to find an alternative . Several co-workers told me they had the same problem and got rid of theirs , too . I tried baking soda and Lysol , but the odor will not go away .
 I registered for one of these and got it as a shower gift . While it provides a place to place soiled pampers , it does n't do much more . Changing the bags can be quite an event . Furthermore , and most importantly , IT ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT CONTAIN ODOR !! No amount of bleach will take the odor away , and I cleaned it every week . My daughter 's bedroom consistently wreaked , especially on warmer days . It is just awful . I had to leave it on the porch and take the pampers out as I changed her ... what 's the point in having it ? I am going to try the Diaper Champ and hope I have better luck with it .
 I tried this product based on the convincing positive reviews . I am very disappointed . This thing is so hard to operate one-handed . I do n't like to leave the baby on the changing table for even a second , and with this device you have to have both hands to push diaper in , and then twist . I just set the diaper half way in now & hope that I remember to push it through , and twist it when I have a spare minute , but it 's a pain . I know a bunch of other mothers who also have used the genie , and were not impressed . I wish I would have taken their advice in the first place .
 I had this diaper genie and after the first use i got rid of it , What a pain it was to dispose of the dirty diapers . I found it much easier to just take dirty diapers and wrap them in plastic grocery bags and dispose of them in my outside trash . I am now expecting my 2nd child and have never thought about buying another diaper genie .
 We really liked the diaper genie at first . It did a great job of sealing odors out ... until the baby started eating solid foods . Now I have to open the windows every day to air out his room . The odor is so strong that it makes us gag - and we 're USED to the smell !! No , we definitely would have gone with another brand if we had known this . Do n't be fooled by the fact that the genie is such a popular product . They sell extra thick and scented bags for the stronger-smelling toddler 's diapers , but it DOES NOT WORK and is more expensive . Once the baby starts eating solids , it 's not much better than the old-fashioned open diaper pail . The genie is also too short to be convenient , unless you put it on a box . You can not empty with one hand -LRB- while holding baby in the other -RRB- .
 I got the diaper genie at my baby shower . I thought it was a great idea . But after the few refills that we got at the shower we never bought anymore , I just think its kinda silly to have go buy somthing to throw a dirty diaper away . So we just use our regualar trash can and we have no odor problems .
 The only reason people buy this is because of the name `` Diaper Genie '' . It 's sounds innovative . It 's really not . I would recommend the Diaper Champ . Works MUCH easier , holds more diapers -LRB- I empty mine 1x a week -RRB- , and uses regular trashbags .
 I received this as a shower gift but when the time came to use it , it did n't work like they say is does . It does n't start to twist the diapers until there is enough diapers in it to reach the bottom . Everytime you put another diaper in , the one before it untwists and they fall together . So your `` sausage '' has one huge link and several small links . I went to another type of diaper pail and gave mine to someone else .
 We thought this would be a great item to have . Unfortunately , we were wrong . Our biggest problem was that we could n't get the bags installed correctly . Everytime we put in a dirty diaper , closed the lid , and turned the knob , it did n't work . It would cut through the bag instead of twisting it . My husband got so frustrated with it , he refused to use it . Plus , when you calculate how many dirty diapers a baby has in a day -LRB- especially a newborn -RRB- , a 25 count refill really is n't economical for people who are on a tight budget .
 I absolutely hated the Diaper Genie . Not only was it expensive , but it was difficult to put those refill bags in , and every time I went to put a diaper in it I had to twist and turn it . Not to mention how awful it was to empty the thing . The smell nearly knocked me over . I do n't recommend anyone to buy this . Its easier to just put the diaper in a bag and throw it outside in the trash can .
 I agree with some of the other reviews - works until you introduce food . Diaper Genie does not seal out the odors ! And once this thing gets a dirty diaper placed in it - watch out everytime you open it - what a stink !! I have sprayed it with Lysol , used Clorox wipes , Febreeze , etc. nothing makes this thing smell better . My husband even left it outside to air out for several days . Did n't help at all . I ca n't understand why everyone is so crazy about Diaper Genie .
 Ignore all your friends and do n't get on the diaper genie wagon . Use one of the other disposal systems on the market . The capacity is small -LRB- esp . when diapers are bigger with your childs age -RRB- . The wide mouth d.g. is too complicated to change refills and even the basic `` twistaway '' concept when disposing of diapers is too complicated for babysitters -LRB- the d.g. usually ends up in shambles -RRB- . The razor to cut away the liner when emptying dulls over time too , so you end up getting out the scissors to cut out the liner . Smell is a problem too , even w / the new -LRB- expensive -RRB- toddler liners . Thumbs down on the DG .
 I just had to have this product , and was given it as a baby gift , but after almost a month of trying to `` understand '' it , I give up ! My husband and I just ca n't seem to figure out how this thing works , and we are fairly intelligent ! The twisting and turning just ends up with all the bags tied up . I prefer a regular trash can next to the changing table . Yes , it does require frequent empties , but so does the diaper genie , and the regular trash can is easier to understand . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 Nothing personal against this particular diaper genie - it 's the whole concept that 's a waste of time . My husband told me when I was shopping to just buy a metal tin can and put plastic bags in it but I would n't listen ! I had to have the DIAPER GENIE , so I rcv 'd it as a baby shower gift . Not even one month into using it , it broke . It was stinky and complicated to place the trash bags in and out of . Trust me , throw the diapers away in a trash can . Or place the diaper immendiately in a small baggie and then throw AWAY in the trash can . Do n't waste your money or a registry item on this .
 I am very disappointed with this product . I have heard all the bad reviews but thought maybe it was the people using it , well I guess I am one of the people using it because I think it stinks . It may be okay for the larger diapers but for the infant diapers it does not hold them right you have to push it down and then everytime I twist the cap it rips and I have to start all over . At first I thought maybe my husband did n't put it together correctly but after taking it out and putting it back together 3 times I figure if it is that hard to change each refill it is not worth my time . With a 3 week old I ca n't be bothered with anything that takes that much effort to work .
 Being a first time mom I got exited and registered for alot of things . Diaper Genie should n't have been on my list !!! It really does n't make it easy , I rather use a regular trash can !!! Overall I would n't spend money on it .
 I have used this product quite a bit . It IS cumbersome and it IS expensive ... This is an innescessary , wasteful product .
 I was given this as a gift . I hate that I have to place the diaper in , then push down between the clamps , then twist just to dispose of the diaper ! Then to empty the thing there is like 3-4 steps just to do that !! The Diaper Champ is much better ! I went to Babies R ' Us to use their Mother 's Room and they even had the Diaper Champ in the changing room . The salesgirl said the Diaper Genie did n't hold alot and that 's why they used the Diaper Champ cuz it was more easier and holds more diapers . The Diaper genie is not worth your time and money and refills
 The tabs that are supposed to hold the rolled up diaper as it gets wrapped in plastic are not long enough to keep the ultratrim newborn diapers in place . So you just end up having to jam one dirty diaper on top of the other.You would be much better off with a waste basket and a plastic bag . To operate the diaper genie you have to stuff the dirty diaper way down a sleeve until the diaper is held between the tabs . There is no clear indication from the outside to show where these tabs are . I had to open the bottom of the device and look from that end while stuffing a diaper from the other end to learn how far to push the diaper.When it is time to empty the mess , the cutting hooks that release the tube filled with dirty diapers do n't actually cut the plastic . They just tear huge holes in it without separating the tube . I assume this is another consequence of the tabs allowing the newborn size diapers to rotate instead of holding them in place.Besides being a badly executed design , the diaper genie is also flimsy . The button on the top door already popped off -LRB- but it could be popped on again -RRB- and it takes two hands to close the bottom door , one hand to hold the barrel , another to align the door just right with the latch.All in all , this product is a disgrace . It will be thrown out on the next trash day along with the mess inside .
 This thing is sooo annoying , it took us forever to figure it out and it fills up in a second , and our baby is only 5 weeks old . I ca n't even begin to imagine how quickly it will fill up when the diapers start getting bigger . I 'd go with something simpler and we will probably end up getting something different soon .
 We got this for our shower and we did n't like how it worked . The first couple of dipers would `` un wrap '' because there is nothing to keep the `` spin '' wrapped . It would unwind itself and it caused too many problems . It still had the smell at the end of the day . We returned it and went with the Diaper Champ . So much better and no `` refills '' to buy .
 Busy moms think of the time used to assemble this product , empty it and refill it . We bought this item because we thought it would prevent problems with a curious dog in the house . The dog never bothered it but it was a pain emptying it and refilling it.Our dog never bothered the scented disposable bags that we eventually went to .
 the diaper genie does n't even deserve one star . i 've only used this item a few times . it 's not worth the hassle every time i change a diaper . i have more important things to spend my money on than special bags . i would n't get this item again or recommend it to anyone else . i 'm happier with my kitchen bag .
 I registered for the Diaper Genie because I was told it was great , I wish I had done research on this purchase like I did with all my other larger purchases . Like others have experienced , it contained the smell until my little one started to eat solids . It takes 2 hands to use , which can be a problem when you are changing your child and they have a really messy diaper that you need to dispose of immediately . I also got tired of spending $ 5 on the refills , this is definitely where Playtex is making their money , it is a racket!I purchased the Diaper Champ and have been very happy with it , the smell has been 100 % contained . It is easy to use , especially one handed . If you are considering buying The Diaper Genie please read the rest of the reviews , as I am not the only one who feels this way .
 I had heard so many good things about this , that I was thrilled when I received it at my shower . It was n't long , however , before I was more annoyed than I could have ever expected . Within a month , the clips that hold the cutting blade broke off , so I had to store the blade elsewhere , which I decided was ok , because I started putting a stick up in that spot to help with the unbearable smell everytime I opened the lid . About 2-3 months later , the hinges on the lid broke , so it was really a pain to get the lid on properly after putting in the diaper , which would allow the smell to escape into the room . The cutter never seemed to cut through the bag properly , so I was always having to pull the bag apart when emptying it . Eventhough I would empty the thing every couple of days and wash/disinfect it a couple of times a month , it was always smelly . The refills run about $ 4 - $ 5 each , and when you realize that they really do n't last very long , the expense adds up very quickly.I was at a goodwill store last week and saw 3 genies that all looked like they had the same broken pieces I had problems with , so it was good to know that I was n't the only one with that issue , but frustrating to know that it was obviously a pretty big problem with this product . I have now switched to the Safety 1st pail and am much happier . Definitely look at competitor reviews before buying this product .
 Years ago when the Diaper Genie first hit the market . I was given one as a gift for my baby shower . It did not work the way I thought it would . The Genie was supposed to dispose of the diapers by sealing them so that no odor would be present . This was not the case . The smell seemed to linger in the room longer then just disposing of the diapers as normal in the trash . Also the smell that the Genie left after opening the Genie to dispose of the long tied knots of diapers was horrible . I had to clean it several times just to get the smell out . Needless to say when I had my second child and once again received one . It remained in the box and it still sits in the box after five years . I would definitely not recommend this item for new moms . Too much hassle .
 This is one of the worst things that I have ever bought . This diaper pail holds VERY few diapers . I find that I have to empty it out every two days . This is VERY ANNOYING as it is a bit of an ordeal to change the bag . Enough so that I end up just throwing the diapers in the normal trash becuase I am so sick of changing the diaper genie that is always full.As far as problems operating it , if you read the instructions , then it is not hard to figure out , but the bottom line is that this thing is more trouble than it is worth . If they made one 4 times the size , then maybe I would be interested .
 I registered for the diaper Genie when my daughter was born . I did not know of any other product out there . It is now been 6 mos and I am ready for a new product !! The diaper Genie is very stinky esp when the baby starts solids . You can never get rid of the odor . The darn thing broke the first time we tried to use it !! It has these clamps that hold the diaper in place so one can twist it . Well now I 've got 2 missing -LRB- I think they fell out when it was being emptied -RRB- . Needless to say mine does n't make a poopie sausage anymore . Also , it really does n't hold as many as I thought it would . I definately think there are better products out there .
 I thought that the diaper genie was the greatest to begin with . Poopie sausages , great . Now that my daughter is 16 months old the diaper genie is going to be replaced with something , anything would be better . I change the bag about every other day and let it sit outside opened for about 4 hours every week and wash / lysol every time I change take a `` poopie sausage '' out and yep , it still smells every time I open the lid . I spray lysol on top of the closed bags !!! Believe me , I have tried everything to make this work . For the first 12 months it wonderful , now it just stinks .
 I bought the diaper genie for my first child and with a second on the way , I am not going back to it . You have to open up the bottom of the pail to get the trail of individually wrapped diapers out of the pail . We ended up putting one of our own garbage bags in the diaper genie along with the special diaper genie bags -LRB- that are not cheap on their own -RRB- so that we could carry the fifteen or so diapers out to the trash can.The order was minimized from the regular trash can that we were using before , but it was definatly not worth the hassle or price of the special bags .
 The diaper genie is not hard to use and it contains odors just fine until you open the lid . The stench is worse than any diaper you 've ever handled ! While you 're emptying it , it stinks up the entire room . You 'll save yourself a lot of money and hassle by wrapping your diapers in the plastic bags you bring your groceries home in , or buying bulk ziploc bags and locking away that odor once and for all !
 Waste of money , cause you got ta keep buying the refills for it , and there 's still some smell . No pail keeps the odors away 100 % . I changed it for the Diaper Champ . Now I just use regular shopping bags ... WAY BETTER !!!
 I was given one of these for my first child . From the moment we got it home , it was a pain ! The refills are difficult and expensive . Who wants to spend four or five dollars on each refill when you can use other diaper pails and use regular kitchen bags . I got rid of my genie after one month . I am so glad I did . I have now moved on to better .
 This product is a big waste of money and time ! It is so messy and hard to handle . You practically have to put your whole arm inside the thing to get the diaper in far enough . When your ready to empty it you can never get the stupid cutter to work right . Not to mention the constant odor ! I learned the hard way about the Diaper Genie . We eventually started just throwing the diapers in the trash . I would definitely recommend the Diaper Champ now that I am about to have my second child . There are no expensive refills to buy and it only takes one hand to operate . Definitely a much better product than the Diaper Genie !
 I bought this diaper genie about 18 months ago for my home daycare . It took me about a month to figure out how to totally use the thing -LRB- using and empting and refilling -RRB- . I hate buying those darn refills all the time the money adds up quick . But , it still stunk ! I would have to empty it about every other day . It is a pain to hold the full diaper genie up over the garbage bag and try to ring the opening with 20 soiled heavy diapers falling out of the bottom . Also I noticed that there was also maget flies in some of the closed off diaper . I have had the thing outside airing out more than I have been able to use it . ...
 Take heed of all the negative reviews here . I wish I had ! This poorly engineered product is difficult to assemble and use . The resulting plastic `` snake '' when the cartridge is full is unwieldy and hard to dispose of . It took me a long time to figure out how to use the Diaper Genie , and even longer to figure out how to change the special cartridge . The final straw was when the cartridge ran out without warning -LRB- I wish the last couple feet of plastic were another color or something -RRB- , leaving me with a mess to clean up.Skip the Genie , and buy the Diaper Champ !
 I 'm surprised this product is still so popular ! All of my friends have one so my husband and I were going to get one for home . But after reading reviews on the diaper champ we went with that one instead , and are we glad ! My mother bought the diaper genie so we use it when visiting and hate it . It does control the smell but figuring out how to use it , especially in the middle of the night , takes a degree in engineering . Using the refills and emptying the pail is difficult . Plus , why would you want the added expense of buying refill bags . The diaper champ at our house is far superior . Just use any bag you have , it holds twice as many diapers , and there is no smell at all . The next time we visit my mom we 're bringing her a diaper champ !
 We used the Diaper Genie with my daughter and her room constantly smelled like a Port-o-let . It was awful ! When I found out I was pregnant again and would have two babies in diapers , we purchased the Diaper Genie II system . I love it ! With more than twice the diapers , it contains the odors better , guests can figure it out , and since there is no twisting , the cartridge refill lasts much , much longer ! The extra $ 10 you spend on the Diaper Genie II will be saved in cartridge refills in no time ! I highly recommend the Diaper Genie II .
 At first the diaper genie was great , but after about a month it started to stink when anyone would open it up , even with cleaning once a week or every time I emptied it . And just getting it started was a pain because you would have to wait to get 4 or 5 diapers in it before it would start twisting right . Also the bottom would n't stay closed , everytime I moved it or picked it up it would open and all the diapers would tumble out . Overall I would n't recomend it to anyone I know .
 I am a mom of twin boys and like many others , had been told that a Diaper Genie was the way to go . What a waste of money ! It took a while to figure our how to put it together , -LRB- as my husband is wrapped in the plastic -RRB- and the instructions were not clear . Within the week we had the boys , the diaper genie went out the door . We bought the biggest lifesaver for any new mom ... The Dekor Plus . It holds a ton of diapers , -LRB- especially for twins -RRB- and you can also use it later as a trash can . The liners are a little pricy , but they last forever ! I have only gone through one box refill since the birth of my sons . -LRB- they are almost 5 months -RRB- We only have to empty the pail 2-3 times a week . Not bad for double the diaper duty . And the smell ? What smell ? This pail is the way to go ! New moms
 At first I insisted we buy one of these to do the obvious . . eliminate diaper stink ! But after putting it together , putting in a refill and dealing with nasty juices and MAGGOTS I wished I would have listened to my husband . I do n't recommend anyone waste their time OR money on this thing . Instead go to your local Wal-Mart and buy the diaper pail they have made by Cosco it 's only $ 8.95 . It has a foot pedal -LRB- excellent for when your holding baby -RRB- and you can use regular grocery or small garbage bags in it . Best of all ... IT DOES N'T SMELL . We clean ours out 2 times a week -LRB- when the bag gets full -RRB- . Our son 's diapers are n't small either , he wears a size 5 and LOVES spicy food -LRB- hint -RRB- . So do yourself or that new Mom a favor and DO N'T buy this !
 This pail worked well when my son was breastfeeding only and in newborn or size 1 diapers . After about 3 months , the pail began to stink around the clock , even though I cleaned and disinfected it . As the diapers got bigger , changing the liner became a constant chore . I replaced the Genie with a plain old-fashioned diaper pail . Sure , I have to take out the diapers daily , but there is no stench , no two-handed twisting , and no expensive liners to buy . The use of this product was so short-lived that it simply was not worth the money . Skip it .
 Confused on why this product is so highly recommended . We found minimal odor supression and after 2-3 weeks of use -LRB- and regular removal of dirty diapers -RRB- that the Genie itself smelled so bad that we discontinued use . We 're back to the diaper in the baggie method .
 I registered for the Diaper Genie because I heard great things and also looked at the reviews . It started to work fine for about a week or so . When I tried to put the diaper in the Genie it was very tight and when I tried to turn the top it would be hard . Everything would go good until , I was probably at the 10th or so diaper , then it just would n't work right after that . On several occasions my husband would say he fixed it , but the same problem would happen again . Now maybe we just had it all wrong , but I really do n't think so . I do n't recommend the Diaper Genie . It is now sitting in my son 's room in the corner with no use out of it .
 I bought this genie for my baby when she was born & it never really was all that great , but just recently the cutting mechanism broke so I threw it away , I 'm sorry to say the negative reviews are right on the money with this invention . I 'm going to try the diaper champ.I 'm happy that there are a bunch of folks out there who love & `` ca n't live without '' this product , but I think there are far more people who hate it then love it . Happy mothering !!!!! -LRB- or fathering -RRB-
 My friends and I feel we 've been victims of marketing , led to believe a diaper genie is a baby item we just could n't live without . But after 7 long months of parenting , I still do n't feel like I could n't live without it . In fact I rarely use it . For the expense and the effort of loading it and emptying the Diaper Genie , I 'm happy to continue emptying our simple nursery garbage can .
 As a 1st time mom - I heard `` You have to get the Diaper Genie '' , so I did . Well , I 've been using it for 10 months now and I wish I would have gotten a regular diaper pale . The Genie stinks - literally !! No matter how many times I clean it , it still stinks and my son 's nursery always has the faint odor of dirty diapers , and it gets especially strong when his bedroom door is closed for awhile . And , when I open the lid to put another diaper in it - the smell just comes right out.Also , changing the refill and emptying it are a pain - not difficult , just another chore to do . I would just prefer to pull out a garbage bag and tie it off than go through the hassel of the Genie . Plus , the refills do n't last as long as I thought the would , and the price adds up after awhile -LRB- at $ 5.00 each -RRB- - I think garbage bags are much cheaper . Hope this is helpful to new moms stocking their nursery !!
 I received this as a shower gift and thought is was great until I tried to empty it . The can fills up before the liner runs out . This is a good thing because you do n't have to replace the liner that often . However , it is difficult to get the liner to work again after you empty the can . Also , the first time I put a really full diaper in it , one of the clips that holds the diaper as you twist the ring broke off . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a great concept BUT you have to stick the diaper so far down inside the opening to twist the plastic shut -LRB- to lock out the odor -RRB- that I would end up with poop all over my hand !! We began using it just for wet diapers and threw dirty ones in a plastic sack and tied it up . Now we do n't even use it at all , it 's not worth all the trouble for wet diapers only .
 I bought the diaper genie for my second child thinking I had missed out on a great product with my first . The diaper genie was great once I figured out how to reload it and until my son started on solids . Now , when I open the door to my son 's room after his nap , I ca n't tell if it 's the diaper pail or my son that needs changing . I 'm giving up on buying the expensive refills and going back to my old method of wrapping the stinky ones in a plastic bag and immediately taking them outside to the trash . This is the only method I 've found that really is truly odor-free . This product is on every new mom 's wish list ; however , I doubt it remains on their list for their second child .
 I was a loyal Diaper Genie user for the first couple of months after my daughter -LRB- now 18 months old -RRB- was born . With my first daughter -LRB- now 5 -RRB- I used the trash can method , and never had any problems with it , but I wanted to go high-tech with the newest bunchkin . In the beginning , after acquainting myself with the method of operation , which was admittedly not the most intuitive of methods , it was a pretty nifty gadget . No smell , easy to use , did n't have to empty it daily . The first snag I ran into had to do with the refill . The bag had bunched up and was stuck in the case , and it was so tight that I could n't twist the ring to seal in the diapers . I wasted alot of that refill trying to unstick the bag . I got it working again , with no problems . However , when I slipped in my next refill , I had one heckuva time trying to get the lid back down -LRB- not the one you slip the diaper through , but the one you slip the refill into -RRB- . After many many unsuccessful tries , it finally popped right in without explanation . Weird . But after a couple of months , it stunk something awful everytime I lifted the lid to stick another diaper in . And we change it pretty often along with regular spritzing with Lysol . Finally , the twist ring has become so chewed up that it 's now almost impossible to close when we insert a new refill . I 'm beginning to think that I had less stress and more money -LRB- refills are about $ 5 each and we go through at least a couple a month -RRB- when I used the low-tech and less lazy empty-the-trash-can-daily method . My diaper genie is about to be fired .
 I got one for my baby shower and I figured I 'd give it a try . It worked fine until we had to change the bag for the first time then my husband , who can manage to put together computers and Playstation 2s , could n't figure out how to get the dang thing to work again . We now just use it as a garage can ... do n't waste your money , just buy the Diaper Champ .
 I only used this thing for about a week as it always seemed too much of a struggle to actually get it to work . I then switched to a regular pail which was fine until baby started solids but then we started to have odor problems . I bought the Neat Diaper Disposal System from safety 1st and love it . We 've never had an odor problem and it 's easier to use .
 Why does everyone think you need this thing ? Of course , we thought so . We have used it five or six times . We ruined two packs of refills just trying to figure out how to use it . Once we got the hang of it , we realized it 's pretty useless . It does work to keep odor out I suppose , but so does a plastic bag.Just put your diaper in a plastic bag !
 It smells and has a horrialbe odor and even when cleaned !!! and it holds no where near 25 full diapers !! you are better off with a trash can . !!!
 I bugged my husband to let me get one . It was on sale , and I thought it was going to be so convenient and smell free . I was wrong , this product stinks - literally . The smell gets so over-powering . I wish that we never bought it . It is such a waste of money ! It is such a hassle to empty as well . Sometimes the bags inside do n't even twist right then it smells more . The whole unit becomes really heavy too . I regret ever buying it ! Would not recommend to other parents !!
 I generally dont offer reviews but after three weeks , I have abandoned the diaper genie . It is confusing and the refills are expensive . It is hard to throw the dirty diaper in the can in the middle of the night.Save the money and buy a regular garbage can with a foot lever . That way , if you have the baby in your hands , you dont have to put him down to discard the diaper . Use any bag you want and empty regularly to reduce the smell . Put a stick up on the lid .
 Think for a moment about what this product represents
 I for one hate this thing . Your suppose to twist the diaper once you put it in there , it almost always comes on done . So instead of having sausages I have a big bag of diapers , its just point less . You better off with a old fashion trash can .
 I received 2 of these for my shower . They are horrible . They smell no matter how many times a day you empty them and the refills do n't last very long at all and are very expensive . I ended up throwing both of them out and buying a good old-fashioned diaper pail which works wonderfully .
 Buy the Diaper Champ instead . The Diaper Genie 's only redeeming quality is the fact that it closes at the top . Otherwise , it 's kind of a pain in the rear . I stick air freshners to it to compensate-I think that says it all .
 This product is so highly recommended on television , and in parenting magazines , I almost felt guilty for not having one . I recieved one from My husbands grandmother . It was virtually impossable to put in the refills , and get it working . As far as capacity goes , It would not hold very much , Expecially since I had 3 in diapers filling this thing up!It was very easy to dispose of . . I liked that they were individually wrapped , but honestly , It did not help the smell . I used an old fashioned diaper pail , and when I emptied that out , the smell was HORRID . Changing out the diaper genie . . the smell was the exact same . The only thing it cut down on , as far as smell , is you can not smell it if it is closed . But the second you open it ... WATCH OUT !!! We got ours about 2 years ago . . For the last year and a half ... it has been sitting in our hallway , collecting dust , and we still have 2 in diapers . . I would not recommend this pr
 I bought this as an extra to my diaper champ because I will soon have 2 in diapers and I do n't want to empty the trash more than once -LRB- twice tops -RRB- during each week . I figured the Genie would have no smell , so I could put poopie diapers in it and wet ones in the Champ . Stick with the Champ . No odor inbetween changes and less odor when taking trash out . These are the reasons I rated this product so poorly ... 1 . I had to read the directions to use it and I have to explain it to other people who use my nursery .2 . It stinks every time I put a diaper in . The Champ only stinks when you change it -LRB- I always wrap my diapers tight !! -RRB- 3 . It takes 2 hands . I can put one hand on my baby and use the other one to toss the diaper with the Champ .4 . I have to use their expensive refills -LRB- I bought a box of kitchen bags with 4 rolls in it at Ralphs for 4 or 5 bucks and I 'm only on the second roll - My daughter is 12 months old !
 We got this as a baby shower gift . I had registered for a regular pail but got this instead . Plus I got like 10 refills . So , the cost of the refills is no big deal . Now my son is 2.5 years old and we 're only on the second package of bag insert . I mean one refill . Why ? Because I have to take out the trash almost every day anyway . Why not just put the diapers there ? I 've got too much to do to add another contraption to take up space and need emptying . I guess it contains odors ok but if you get the really stinky diapers once a day -LRB- after infant stage -RRB- then wrap them up in the plastic grocery bags . Also , I breastfed so there was no stink until my son was eating considerable solids . I would n't waste my money . And I 'll be selling this one in a garage sale with a dozen refills !
 It 's funny how the Diaper Genie supposedly won all kinds of awards when everywhere I look , Moms are saying how much they hate it . I hate it , too . I have finally had enough of trying to make it work and am going to sell it at a garage sale ! It is NOT odorless , it stinks terribly even after changing it every few days . It does n't take `` one easy twist '' to seal away odors . Sometimes I twist and twist and it never stays twisted . The refills are expensive and the diapers never stay separated no matter what I try ... SAVE YOUR MONEY and try something else ...
 I bought my Diaper Genie and two refills at a garage sale in perfect condition . I was thrilled ! I soon found out WHY someone was selling a barely used Diaper Genie in a garage sale . I was expecting my first child and I wanted nothing but the best . I think I used it for about 2 weeks . I TRIED so hard to keep using it . I still wanted all my new baby things to be perfect . Besides even for a garage sale deal I did spend money on it.THE PROBLEMS1 . CONFUSING
 LISTEN up new parents ! This one is n't worth the money . It is smelly and difficult to change . The refills are expensive . I will soon be buying my third diaper pail and my daughter is 15 months old . Hopefully , the next one , Diaper Champ , will be better !
 I had to have one of these nasty things when I got pregnant , because all the baby showers I go to the mother always gets one . What a big waste of money . Do yourself a favor buy a cheap trash can and put a bunch of grocery bags near it . When you have a poopy diaper take it to the outside trash & save yourself the hassle . How gross is this sausage link of poop diapers anyway ? Its nasty to not empty the cans at least once a day anyways . Wish I knew some of these people who rave about this waste of money , because like an idiot I registered for 5 refills & all 5 are stacked right next to this useless genie .
 It 's the age-old `` sell the razor cheap and the blades at a premium '' strategy . Moreover , it 's ridiculously over-designed . The simplicity of the Diaper Champ - plus the fact that you can empty it not when the refill runs out and you have a poopy diaper in your hand , but when YOU want to -LRB- we do ours every trash day -RRB- - makes the Champ the superior product by far .
 I do n't know what I 'm doing wrong , but this thing does NOT keep the odor under control . I 've found ... that the first diaper does not wrap up like it 's supposed to and the smell knocks you back every time you open the lid . This thing is more trouble than it 's worth so I just wrap up poopy diapers in those diaper sacks or small plastic bags and toss them in the garbage .
 Do not buy this piece of junk . You need a Ph.D. in mechanical engineering to use it . And even if you can figure it out , it does n't work all that well.Instead , buy a trash can with a lid . Trust me , you 'll be happy you did .
 The diaper genie is not something you should spend your money on . I emptied mine every couple days and the rotting diaper smell was awful . THE BAGS DO NOT TRAP THE ODOR . I also had a difficult time getting each diaper to seal individually . I followed the directions exactly , yet all the diapers just sank into one pile , instead of twisting individually like the `` sausage '' design pictured in the directions . Buy a small $ 5 trash can and recycle your plastic grocery bags - you will be so much better off !
 I loved it for the first 5 months . It really worked , it was odorless . However , as soon as my son started eating solids , the stinch was awful . I would clean it every day , and it would still smell . I am pregnant with my second one now and am looking for another pail because this one is worthless .
 While I was pregnant everyone kept saying do n't forget the diaper genie ... I had gone through TWO of them before my daughter was even three months old ! They both broke . One whith-in the first week . We thought it must be a mistake , exchanged it for another . This one lasted a little while longer , but smelled awful when you changed the bags and my husband hated using it . Then that one broke . All in all it did n't smell , but if I have to replace it every couple of months ... Who needs it ! I was very disapointed with the product and have since heard the same type reviews from other moms .
 I loved the Diaper Genie when I first got it -- after I got the hang of it . The toddler refills controlled odors very well . However , one of the little bag cutters broke off of mine after about 8 months of use . About 2 months later , the entire lid broke off at the hinge . My sister-in-law had the same problem with her lid . I expected this product to last at least through one baby 's diaper stage . I was very disappointed in this product .
 The Diaper Genie is one of the most inconvenient and unsanitary inventions.I was expecting my first child and someone bought me a trash can with a flip up lid that was especially designed to hold in smells . With their approval I returned and got the money and bought a Diaper Genie . I got it home and it was a pain to put the refill in to start with . I was determined to use it though . I used it all of two days . It became such a pain . Even if I changed it it still smelled . It is difficult to change . It was a hassle to use . To me leaving all those diapers in there til it is full is so unsanitary . It is more hassle than it is worth . Go buy Ziploc baggies and throw dirty diapers in those and throw them in the trash . It is less expensive , less hassle , and so much cleaner . I would never reccomend this product to any one . Needless to say I should have just kept the cheap trash can that hold odors .
 My husband and I were very disappointed with this product . It was not easy to use , and did not keep the odor away . Also , the refills were expensive . We switched to the Diaper Champ and we are much happier . The Champ uses regular trash bags and is much easier and faster to use . I would not recommend the Genie .
 I received this item as a shower gift as I had listed it on my registery . Unfortunately , it was probably one of the worst selections I made ! I looked at the Diaper Champ and compared the two and thought that the Genie would be better and it was , until I had to use it . First of all , you need someone from the company to come out and replace your refill until you start getting enough sleep to function and learn to do it yourself . Second , you have to empty it just about every day , and last but not least , make sure you get the correct refill for YOUR Genie . -LRB- `` Let 's see , do I have the wide opening with the blue label or ... '' -RRB- I found that it was MUCH easier -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- to simply place the days diapers in a small waste basket lined with an odor absorbent trashbag . At the end of the day you lift out the bag and place it in the trash container outside . No removing the inner lid to use the razor sharp edge to cut around the top , then opening the bottom and removing ten feet of smelly diaper sausages , re-knotting the bottom of the liner for the next diaper then closing the bottom ... . Anyway , if you could n't tell , I was extremely disappointed as was my husband ! After showing him how it was supposed to work , he would automatically take the smelly diaper outside and did n't even try to use it again . As for the smell , it did seal in the smell until you opened the bottom to empty it . By simply taking out the trashbag every evening after our daughter 's bath there is no smell at all in her nursery . I wish someone had told me before I chose this product what a hassel it was-I would n't have wasted my time or money !
 I bought the Diaper Genie for my son , and ended up throwing the whole thing away . My son has colic and had difficulty with his digestion for the first 4 months . Point being
 I received this diaper genie for my shower . Could not figure it out . I have limited time , only purchase products that are easy and fast to use and understand . I purchased a Safety First Pail and am very pleased . Save money by using your kitchen trash bags , pail is bigger than the Genie and no odors . ...
 The diaper genie worked OK at first , but after some use there were some problems . First , the plastic ring that fits in the opening easily dents on the edge that fits into the refill opening . Once this happens , the refill bags easily snag and you literally have to take the thing apart to fix it . Our first genie 's ring was so dented -LRB- from trying to fit it into the refill container -RRB- that the bags would no longer slide out.We replaced the first with a second genie . Still have some problems fitting the ring to the refill container . Even worse , though , is the lack of stink controll ! As a baby , the poops are too bad . Watch out when they are eating solids ! Holy cow ... talk about stink . The genie does little to hold that stink in and only adds its own perfume sent to it . Change a stinky diaper at night , and the next morning , the nursery smells of perfumed poop.Generally , we now use the genie for pee 'd in diapers . Poops go in a ziplock and in the trash can .
 I got this as a baby shower gift from a friend and we used it for a couple weeks.then I went to buy refills for it and they were expensive I would much rather do the sented bags you can get 100 of them at any dollar store .
 Like thousands of expectant mothers , I too received a diaper genie as a shower gift . At first , I thought that this was a neat and useful gizmo . No smell , no muss , no fuss . That is until I actually USED it . My complaints are the following
 Stinky - The baby 's room always smelled of dirty diapers . Expensive - Constantly replacing the bag cartridge . Too complicated - Changing the cartridge can only be done by someone who has read the instructions first . Too small - Holds 25 diapers ... HA ! I have absolutely nothing good to say about this product . Do n't waste your money .
 It was great in the beginning but after awhile i realized how much of a pain it was . First of all no one but you knows how to use it , when you change the bags and start new , the first few all fall in together . its hard to separate the diapers , when you twist the top it never seals until the 3rd or 4th diaper . Plus ive yet to see it hold odor . Its really more trouble than its worth .
 This product works ok . However , the refills are EXPENSIVE !!! I finally gave up using the thing because of the money I was spending on the refills . It 's much cheaper just to throw the diaper away tied up in a supermarket bag . We 're now expecting our second child , and I 'm considering the diaper champ , because it uses regular bags . If I had to do it again , I never would have gotten this .
 I had the Diaper Genie when my first child was a baby -LRB- he 's now 2 -RRB- and it was horrible ! First of all , the refills are too expensive because they do n't last any time at all before you have to go buy more . That in itself is a big turnoff . Also , most of the time you have to sit there twisting the stupid thing forever to try and get the diaper to stay wrapped up , and it still comes undone when you put another diaper in there . One of the worst parts is trying to empty it . Sure , it comes with a `` handy '' little safe blade built in , but that does n't work either . I ended up having to use scissors anyway ... and , although I 'm well aware that dirty diapers stink profusely , and there really is no way to avoid the odor , but I think the refill bags may not be thick enough or something because the smell was completely unbearable ! It was better to just buy small garbage bags to tie up the stinkies and throw them in the wastebasket -LRB- and much cheaper too-it definitely did n't smell as bad as the Diaper Genie did either -RRB- . I constantly had to scrub the inside of the Genie out and still could not reduce the smell . I tried Lysol , other household cleaners , and even bleach and none of those reduced the smell -LRB- and this was without anything at all in it -RRB- . Like I said earlier , I realize it is a diaper pail , and they are always a bit stinky , but this was a bit too much . I seriously had less of an odor just putting them in my garbage can tied up ! All in all , I can not say anything good about this product . Its not convenient to use , not easy to clean , and does not in any way , shape , or form `` eliminate odors '' like all the ads you see . Buyers beware , this is in my opinion the worst diaper pail on the market .
 I have three children one on the way and take care of my 3 yr . old nephew . I have been through alot of baby gear and this by far was the biggest waste of money . I have owned 2 of these , the first one I bought broke in 2 months . The bags did n't twist tie correctly as said to , and eventually the thing would n't twist them closed at all . I returned the first one and exchanged it for a new one . I ended up with yet another broken pail ! Not to mention my fiance could n't figure the thing out . I also worked at -LSB- the store that sells these -RSB- for years and found that these are returned quite often . Not to mention the expensive refills , that are not always easy to find . I reccomend not even considering this product ! I now own the diaper champ and it is absolutely top of the line , best product ever invented for diaper dissposal ! Hold in the stink , easy to use and attractive in the nursery or wherever you want to put it ! And being the aunt of 13 , great aunt of 3 w / 4 of my own trust me on this !!
 Received this as a shower gift for son # 1 , used the genie religiously until my son started solid foods and the diapers took on a more `` pungent '' odor . It just did n't keep the stink out . I tried baking soda boxes at the bottom and lysol spray . I gave up and started using plastic grocery bags which I tied up and immediately took to the garage garbage can . So after son # 1 was out of diapers , I took the genie outside for a thorough hosing down and outside air freshening . As I saw that son # 2 was on the way , I thought I would give the old genie a second chance . The plastic still had the odor embedded in it.So , with that said , I would highly recommend trying something else . If you go visit your local BabiesRUs store ; check out what they are using in their `` mother 's and babies '' bathroom . I found our store is n't using a diaper genie but another brand instead . I wonder if that is for the same reason I chose not to use ours anymore . Or maybe it 's because -LRB- as many have said -RRB- those refills are just too costly .
 1 . -RRB- It still smells , the refills contain these perfumed liners that do n't mask the diaper smell but actually make it worse .2 . -RRB- Have you ever imagined having to deal with a giagantic diaper sausage ? This is what emptying the diaper genie is like . It 's ackward , hard to deal with , and smells ! 3 . -RRB- The refill liners are expensive .4 . -RRB- To put a diaper into the diaper genie you actually have to shove the diaper down into what my daycare provider has described as a dark cavern of ... well you know .5 . -RRB- In the process of shoving I would plan on wearing gloves because the diaper will usually leak onto your hands .6 . -RRB- It has small holding capacity which has made it incompatible for my family with both an infant and toddler in diapers . Even when we only had one baby we still had to empty it at least twice a week and usually more often . With two in diapers we had to empty it more or less on a daily basis .7 . -RRB- It is overrated . All my friends , neighbors and even my daycare have a diaper genie , basically everyone I know who actually uses it hates it .8 . -RRB- It 's easier to use a trash can , you can empty it more frequently with less hasle and really does n't smell much worse . We have switched to this method and threw our diaper genie away . If you really want you can tie poopy diapers in a plastic grocery sack for a equal if not better way to prevent odors .9 . -RRB- The Diaper Champ has much higher reviews I have n't actually used it but check out other 's reviews they make it seem much more favorable .10 . -RRB- Did I mention that it stinks ?
 Before purchasing the diaper genie , my husband and I had heard both , good and bad reviews about it . We decided to get it and be one of those parents who absolutely loved THE GENIE . Well , it did n't work out . Every time we turned to twist , the bag ripped , got stuck or simple did n't twist . We asked multiple people to take a look at it to make sure it was n't USER ERROR and 5 grown adults could n't get it to work . Took it back , thinking that it was defective and the second one was the same . In short , not once did we use the infamous diaper genie .
 For the price of the Diaper Genie , we would have been better off getting a regular trash can ! The only good thing I can say is that it is compact enough to fit in a smaller space . The bags are outrageously priced and difficult to change . There is NO odor control whatsoever . We bought separate diaper pail deodorizers and they did little to nothing to help . We dreaded changing the bags . It was very time consuming and when you took out the old ones , they start coming unwound and stinking to high heaven ! Also , as the baby -LRB- and diapers -RRB- got bigger , it became increasingly difficult to fit them into the opening . We are expecting our third child and already have a Diaper Genie but we WILL NOT be using it . I would never recommend this product to ANYONE ! I worked at a day care center where we had a plain , inexpensive diaper pail . It was much easier to use and locked in the smell . In one day we would FILL this diaper pail and it did not stink !
 I had registered for a different disposal system and received the Diaper Genie at my shower . It worked very well for the first few months . I was later disappointed to find that the Diaper Genie did not prevent odors from coming out into the room when my child began eating rice cereal . Despite scented bags and daily removal , the smell still exists . I do not recommend purchasing or registering for the Diaper Genie . The other problem , when we have family or friends dispose of the diaper , they end up cutting the bag every single time -- unless provided with directions ahead of time . I want something simple that keeps odors from containing my room ! Now we simply throw the diapers in a scented bag .
 I got this as a gift and loved it for the first six months . Then I discovered what a waste of money it was . Once solid foods were introduced into my son 's diet , this did n't even come close to holding in the stench . I even used the different types of refills that were made for it ... ie . infant , original and toddler . Still did n't do the trick . I even put air fresheners in and near it ... . Eventually I gave up and took dirty diapers straight out to the garage and only used it for pee diapers . Still a hassle to remove the `` diaper weenie '' so now I just use a normal trash can . Much less hassle and same results .
 We have the Diaper Champ -LRB- for over 3 mths -RRB- . It is the best . This past Christmas , we traveled to my folks and we purchased the Genie for us to use at their house ! It sucked ! It does n't even compare to the Champ . The dial to turn and seal the diapers in the bags worked once . The rest of the time we had to lift the lid and turn it from the inside . It also is smaller and does n't hold as many diapers as the Champ !
 The Diaper Genie does the job of keeping odors away , but otherwise it is a real pain ! If you shove the diaper down and accidentally miss the clips you have to reach down and pull up the messy diaper and wipes ! Ick . Particularly icky at 2 am.And contrary to what one poster says , a monkey definitely could n't operate this thing . The refill directions are lousy . It took us over a half hour to figure out how to install the refill , and we 're all college-educated professionals -LRB- and my dad , a retired mechanical engineer , could n't even figure it out ! -RRB- . It 's hard to get the refill in , even when you do figure out the part that 's ommitted from the instructions . When you 're busy with a newborn , the last thing you have the time or energy to deal with is a challenge like this!And why does the obvious dial at the top cut the liner instead of sealing off the liner for the next use ? Yes , you realize that 's what it does after reading the directions . But we have to tell anyone helping care for the baby not to turn the noticeable dial because it does n't do what you think it will.If you do decide to purchase this product , do n't turn the liner multiple times after use as the directions suggest . The only reason they say to do this is so you 'll run out of the liner faster and have to buy their refills . One or two turns is sufficient once you get the diaper lined up in the Genie properly.I wish I had taken a better look at competing products . I realize now there 's a real reason other companies decided to come up with other models . The Diaper Genie has some major flaws .
 When I was a nanny about five years ago the family I worked for had a diaper genie . It worked great , held in the odor and compacted the diapers nicely . A year ago I was registering for my own baby and knew the one thing I was sure we needed was the Diaper Genie . Boy was I wrong !!! Much to my dismay they changed the design of the Genie and it is now horrible to use . The inside cylinder is very difficult to turn with one hand -LRB- while holding a baby in the other -RRB- particularly when you need to use the stage two refills . The first several diapers would unravel defeating the purpose of the Genie . Every time I changed the bag of `` links '' the inside clips would fall out , causing me to have to reach into a pail that just had dirty diapers in it and reattach . The cutting mechanism is ridiculous , one of the blades broke after six months of use . And though the Genie does help with the diaper odor somewhat , do n't let be the only reason for buying this item . The Genie is not what it used to be . I am happy to say that I bought the Diaper Dekor Plus last week and love it ! No smell , and sooo easy to use .
 I 've been using the Genie for 9 months now , and feel that after giving it a fair try , I must write to steer other new parents away . We received the Genie and the Diaper Champ as baby shower gifts , and the Champ wins hands down . Sooo much easier to use , you can use your own trash bags , and it holds the smell as well as -LRB- if not better than -RRB- the Genie.I found the Genie to be difficult from the very beginning - just trying to put it together was a struggle . The cutting mechanism has never worked right , you have to get the diaper at just the right position to twist and seal it , and it 's a pain in the neck to empty - you have to dump it upside down after struggling with the cutting mechanism . Another reviewer commented that you need two hands to operate , which is true - also challenging when holding a squirming 9-month-old . We 're moving in 2 weeks - the Champ is going with us , the Genie is being recycled .
 We got this as a shower gift ... we did register for it because we heard good things about it . But i have to say to operate it is a pain in the neck . You have buy special liners for it and then when it 's full take out the sausage linked diapers and put it in ANOTHER garbage bag - so your double bagging . The manual wheel you had to turn to seal each bag didnt work properly half the time and would n't seal the diaper correctly . Eventually it got to be too much of a hassle to use so we have stopped using it and are going to to get a Diaper champ instead . It may not seal each diaper but at least we wo n't have to buy special liners for it and can use a regular garbage bag .
 This product is difficult to use becuase you really need both to open and dispose of the diaper and when the baby is on the changing table , it is impossible to throw away the diaper since you need one hand on the baby . The diaper therefore sits around until you can later throw it away . The refills are also very costly and the bag needs to be changed often . The pail itseld holds no more than 20 diapers and the refills only contain enough for about 60 diapers . I have returned the product abd replaced it with the Diaper Champ by Baby Trend.I actually want to give it no stars , but the system can not read no stars so I gave it one star .
 This thing is horrible . It does not control the odor at all . The twist feature does n't work either . Buy the Diaper Champ
 This thing was very hard to use . The twisting of the top and opening the lid were too much to handle with a baby in my arms . I threw mine out .
 Given the choice between a Diaper Genie and a plastic , open , no-lid , smelly trash can , I would choose the trash can every time.So the refills are expensive , so you might run out and have to make a special trip , so their impossible to install . It 's not like that would be a problem for a new parent.So what if it takes two hands and five minutes to throw away each diaper -- how many could one baby use , anyway?So what if you have to stick your hand down into the dark , mysterious recesses of a diaper pail until you feel another , plastic hand grip the diaper , squishing its contents just enough to make you squirm and pull your own hand quickly back out . More disgusting things will definitely happen to you as a parent , rest assured.What REALLY bothered me about our Diaper Genie was changing the bag . It is not an issue of following instructions , because we DID in fact accomplish the task multiple times . I also passed Calculus . Barely . My husband was a better diaper-pail-changing engineer , but even he hated the job . Diapers do not smell good . Ever . The more time it takes to empty the pail , the worse the job is . Period.It would take him approximately the duration of an entire evening to EMPTY the pail . PLEASE put a new bag in . Because if you do n't , there is an ugly , unusable , pink plastic diaper pail sitting in my son 's room with a trash can full of diapers next to it . Kind of like the diaper pail now sitting on my curb .
 I was excited about this product and it seemed great when the babies diapers were tiny and her father emptied it all the time , but i find it to be a MAJOR PAIN and we end up just throwing the diapers in the kitchen trashcan . It does cut down the odor , but the refills are a pain to get , they 're very expensive , the container itself is quite small and it 's just a pain in the neck to change the bag .
 Before I had our son -LRB- Christian -RRB- everyone said that we need one of these . So we got one . It was such a pain to use . In the middle of the night or with a baby who does n't like to lay around it is not practical . Also it fills up in about a days time with a newborn and when you are barely getting sleep and all you do is feed and change the baby for the first few weeks you do n't have time to take this apart and empty it and set it back up again . It might work for some people , but for us it was essentially a waste of money .
 I received my diaper genie as a shower gift . I 've had it for 3 months and am looking into other diaper disposal systems -LRB- i.e. diaper champ or diaper dekor -RRB- . My problems with diaper genie
 This is the worst product we received . Requires 2 hands to get one diaper in so too bad for always keeping one hand on the baby . The `` genie '' inside smells horrid -LRB- even sans the soiled diapers -RRB- and makes the entire room smell horrid . The opening is WAY too small to push the diaper through without splitting your cuticles and the holding capacity is practically nill . The `` twister action '' to sausage link the diapers just wastes the cartridge plastic and does not help the odor . Do n't even get me started on all the replacements you will need to buy or the whole emptying/changing refills process ! I say skip it and use a leaky garbage bag for better results . Get a foot-pedal garbage pail says my husband .
 ... There are a lot of gadget and gidgets out there that look so smart , necessary and inviting , and I think every new parent thinks they * NEED * this thing , I know I thought it was the GREATEST idea ever !! I realized it 's not really worth the effort it requires . It does n't really do what you expect it to , it 's more complicated than a trash can , and not really any less stinky . My daughter is now 2 and we are expecting a son . I 'm smarter this time around and I know a lot of things that I really do not need ... and Diaper Genie is definately something that is unnecessary ...
 At first , I loved the Diaper Genie . I first purchased the product 5 years ago with my second child . Despite the difficulty in turning the wheel and the fact that the knife did not cut very well , it was great for my newborn . As long as I used small diapers , there was no problem in fitting a fair amount of diapers in the pail . When I started using larger diapers , I was emptying the unit , sometimes , as frequently as once a day . While I was breastfeeding , I did n't have to worry about smelly diapers . Once solids were introduced , the pail did n't work as well as needed to contain odors . It did n't stink up my room , but the closer you got to the pail , the more odorous it became . Boy , what a smelly mess it was to empty the pail . The smell permeated the plastic of the pail , and no matter what I used to clean it , the stench remained ; even after I stopped putting poopy diapers in it . The blade inside the rotating mechanism only got worse . I am guessing that was the reason that it never turned very smoothly . I am now pregnant with my third child and have not for a second considered purchasing another Diaper Genie . I will consider another product .
 I am a mother of two -LRB- 41/2 & 18mos -RRB- . Received a genie at my first shower ... hated it ! Very complicated to use , expensive refills and overall inconvenient when dealing with an infant . Found that the older my baby got the worse the genie smelled . Now I use a small garbage can with regular grocery bags ... much cheaper . One way to `` seal in the freshness '' of soiled diapers-try buying no-frills ziploc sandwich bags . At less than $ ... a box -LRB- 100 ct -RRB- they last longer than genie refills and work a whole lot better ! I suggest to all my pregnant friends to remove it from their registry .
 This started out fine but did not contain the stink later on . Husband hated the refills and was more trouble than it was worth . We disliked the specialized refills , the whole process of emptying the Genie and that fact that our son 's room smelled horrible . I 'm thinking of buying the Diaper Champ since it uses the plastic grocery bags .
 This is by far the worlds biggest waste of money . Who in their right mind would want to go through the hassles that this system has to offer . It 's time consuming , does n't hold many diapers , and for those of us with stinky diapers looming about its such a hassle . Walk the diaper out to the trash everyday and do n't waste your money on the overpriced frills and expensive refills .
 Mother of twins ... not a good item for more than one infant . . Genie keeps odors down , and was easy to use once you loaded it -LRB- sometimes tricky -RRB- but you need to by to many refills for multiples . Not cost effective for more than one infant .
 I REGISTERED FOR THIS PAIL AND GOT IT AS A GIFT . WHEN WE TRIED TO FIGURE OUT HOW IT WORKD THATS WHEN WE FOUND OUT IT DOESNT . AT FIRST WE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS AND WE WERE LIKE OHH THIS ISNT SO BAD . THEY ARE PRETTY EASY . SO WE PUT IT TOGETHER AND I TOOK A CLEAN DIAPER -LRB- BABY WASNT BORN YET -RRB- AND PUT IT IN TO SEE HOW IT WORKS . IT DIDNT IT RIPPED THE BAG WHEN I TRIED TO TURN IT SO WE DID EVERYTHING ALL OVER AGAIN AND AGAIN IT RIPPED SO I EXCHANGED THINKING IT WAS BROKEN OR A DEFECT FROM THE FACTORY COME TO FIND OUT ITS NOT . THE OTHER DIDNT WORK EITHER SO I GOT RETURNED I DONT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL I THINK ITS A WASTE OF MONEY . UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO THROW AWAY AND NOT MISS THEN GO OUT AND GET THIS SO CALLED GENIE AND GET NO USE OUT OF IT FOR THE REST OF US SHOP AROUND THERES MORE OUT THERE THEN THAT AND TO GIVE YOU ALL A LITTLE TIP NOW THAT THE BABY IS HERE YOU CAN BUY DIAPER BAGS FOR DIRTY DIAPERS THERE A 100 OF THEM FOR ABOUT A DOLLOR OR TWO AND PUT THE DIRTY ONES IN THERE YOU GOING TO EMPTY THE TRASH EVERY OTHER DAY OR TWO ANYWAYS AND ITS SOOO MUCH MORE EASIER . I REALLY HOPE THIS IS USEFUL TO YOU . AND THE ONLY REASON I GAVE THIS ONE STAR IS BECAUSE THATS THE LEAST THEY ALLOW YOU TO CHOOSE I GIVE IT NONE . THIS IS SO BAD ITS GOING INTO THE NEGATIVE .
 I put this item on my registry because I thought it was a `` must have '' item for a new parent . My husband absolutely hated the Diaper Genie and I could never seem to get the placement of the diaper right in order to seal it in it 's little sausage casing . Using plastic grocery store bags in an ordinary flip top garbage pail works for me , just make sure you empty the contents of the soiled diaper into the toilet prior to putting it in the bag . I would rather make the extra trips to the garbage instead of fighting with the Diaper Genie .
 By the time our son turned about 1 , we had to stop putting poopy diapers in the diaper genie because the entire room would start to stink . The genie itself would still stink after being emptied unless I cleaned it out with bleach -LRB- it gets emptied at least twice a week -RRB- . We have temporarily found other ways of getting rid of the poopy diapers until i decide on another pail - ... . I do n't recommend this product . It 's a lot of trouble and expense and it does a lousy job !
 I registered for and received two Diaper Genies when my son was born 8 months ago . Both are now stored in my basement , awaiting my next garage sale . Emptying this thing takes some getting used to , and the diapers can not be left in the Genie for more than a day or two because it stinks too much . The Diaper Champ is much neater and easier to use . Spend your money on the Champ instead .
 Diaper Champ is better hands down ! I cant beleive people gave this product good reviews ! Dont waste your money ! With the Genie you have to buy the refills ! With the Diaper Champ you can buy your own trash bags and its saves more money and has a lot more room for diapers .
 This worked better then having nothing but the more I used other peoples diaper champs the mosr I disliked this product.You have to be really careful not to throw away the top ring when you use up a container of bags . It is easy to do because of the design . Without it it does not work.The garbage really stinks still and the bags are easy to rip .
 I used it for about a month then stopped . You 're better off putting the poopy diaper in a used grocery bag , tie it up and throw it in the garbage . Same concept .
 the liner was way to difficult . the whole `` turn clockwise twice '' took more time than changing my son 's diaper . i do n't know what i did wrong cause my diaper genie was full in one week . a friend of mine has the diaper champ . it is simple and i plan on getting one of those . the only high point to the diaper genie is that it does mask the odors , so if you can figure out the liner , it may be a good investment after all .
 The amount of energy required to open , spin , empty , and replace the refill plastic bag for the diaper genie was frustrating for both me and my husband . It never worked right for us.We eventually gave up and threw it away !
 Found this to be less than it 's `` craze '' when it came out when my son was first born over 8 years ago . I 'm expecting a new one . This is not one of the items I wish for . Found that the twisting between diapers constantly came undone , and found with that a blob of diapers at the bottom of the pail getting stuck . Also the odor was tremendous when opening . This item is also not cost friendly . Much more practical just to have a pail in the room and keep up with changing the kitchen style bags often . I give 5 stars to the inventor , who probably made a small fortune with an overrated gimmic .
 I thought this was going to be a must have when we had our first child , but soon learned it was a big waste of money!The blade thing on it SUCKS ! I always had to use scissors when cutting the bags . Also this thing stunk to high heaven !! YUCK !!! I 'm a clean freak and was constantly wiping it down and sanitizing it , yet it still smelled !! So much so , that I could n't dare keep it in my daughters room and had to move it into the extra bathroom , but even then , it was n't enough . Finally the diaper genie found itself in the dumpster ! I would never ever buy anything even remotely close to this . Just throw each diaper in the outside trash after every change . I 've found that is the only way to go !
 I registered for the Diaper Champ , but for some reason received not one but two Diaper Genies from well meaning friends . I had already purchased a Diaper Champ , so I guess I was spoiled with the ease . The diaper genie was just too complicated to set up and operate in the middle of the night with sleep deprivation and a brand new infant . We just put it -LRB- preassembled -RRB- into the nursery for our first attempt at sleeping in the crib and it was lousy . It just is not `` self-explanatory '' and as easy to use as the Diaper Champ . Even my parents-in-law could n't get it to work right and just got the diaper stuck . I keep a changing table and diaper pail in our family living area and one upstairs in the for convience - let me tell you , that is great . Yes you can use the floor , but my back appreciates the table and it gives me a good place to neatly store supplies . I do n't notice any odor from the diaper champ in the living area unless I 'm standing directly over it or opening it to change it -LRB- and it currently holds diapers from a 6 month old starting solid food and a toddler -RRB- . It gets full and changed approximately every other day . I returned both diaper genies and am happily using my very simple to operate diaper champ which uses any old bag you like . Maybe if I had studied the directions again with more patience , got everything set up in advance , and practiced during the daylight time , I 'd have been happier with this contraption . Although I still would not be happy with the scented bags it uses - the only thing worse than a bad smell , is a good smell trying to cover a bad smell .
 I registered for this , dispite the warnings from all the mothers I knew who had tryed one . No matter how often I emptied it , it always smelled . It was hard to use , and hard to explain how to use to older people . It does n't hold that many diapers , the refills are expensive , and a pain to put in . Save your self a head ache and just buy a cheap pail with a lid . I finally did after 10 months of smells , and now my bathroom is breathable again . My best freind is now expecting and wants to find out for herself about the diaper genie myth , so I 'm giving her mine . But I 'll buy her a diaper pail .
 The Diaper Genie is another one of those things that you feel you can live without until you have one . I have read the instructions , set the thing up and used it three times and then it just bound up on me . I thought I was doing something wrong , but the diapers that were in the bottom were sitting as directed . I will admit that it took some time as Playtex does skimp on directions . It is not worth the money !!!
 I received the diaper genie as a shower gift . Since my last child six years ago , they have changed the make of the diaper genie.It has changed for the worse.First of all , when you put the diaper in the genie , you have to push it down to the clips . If you push it past -LRB- which is almost impossible NOT to do -RRB- the diaper will not seal.The only positive thing is that if you ever do figure out how to use it correctly , it will help with preventing odors - and that 's only if the bag seals.The replacement liners are expensive and you go through them VERY quickly . There is a lot of work required to operate this gizmo . You ca n't just toss the diaper in and go . You have to open it , push the diaper all the way down in perfect position between the clips , then you have to twist the lid between 3-5 times to seal it in -LRB- and it does n't always work -RRB- . Then you close the lid . The liners are very flimsy and tear quite often . You waste more than you use.I would recommend using another product or just a regular trash can with odor fighting garbage bags .
 The Diaper Genie is more hastle than it is worth . After two weeks of use , we caved in and bought an ordinary diaper pail which works just fine . Not only is the Genie complicated , but it is very small so needs to be emptied frequently . The refills -LRB- which are basically a long plastic bag -RRB- are outrageously over-priced . With an ordinary diaper pail , you can use regular kitchen bags , and smell is not a problem with deodorizer . What a waste of money !
 This has expensive cartridges that you have to buy and are difficult to load and make sure they feed properly . It is challenging at best in the day and nearly impossible to change at three am.Also , is n't it nice to know that now they have WIDE opening gene so the old one is obsolete and you can no longer buy the refills for that , it is just a matter of time before this model is outdated and you wo n't be able to buy the cartridges and you 'll have to buy the next newest Diaper Gene.I wish i had not gotten it , I ended up giving it away and buying a diaper champ , but anyone is good that just uses ordinary kitchen bags
 I did n't use mine for the first two weeks of my daughter 's life because it was waaaaaaaaaaaaay too complicated ! I figured it out , sort of , but to this day when I push the diaper in the film rips . Then when it comes time to change the film , the top does n't cut the film so I have to use scissors . My sister-in-law told me to register for it . Why did I listen to her!Don ' t buy it ! Dont register for it ! It 's not worth it ! I want a refund !
 My youngest daughter got this as a gift , and it was too difficult to use and we finally threw it away . My oldest daughter bought the Diaper Champ and it was wonderful !
 It is a BIG WASTE OF MONEY . The Diaper genie is good for when your baby is an newborn -LRB- 1-3 months -RRB- After they are 4 months there doo doo really stinks and the smell does come out a little bit even if you change it every other day . The inside gets horrible smell like something died in it . It is very hard to replace the refill . Even though they discontinued selling the original they still sell the refills for the original right next to the the wide refills . So for my baby shower I recieved the original re-fill for my wide genie . And I did not notice it untill I tried to replace it so I already opened the origianl refill and some how broke the darn thing . So right now it is in the garbage . Money down the drain .
 I heard so many wonderful things about the Diaper Genie during my first pregnancy that when I registered it was the first thing on my list . Infact I received 2 at my baby shower ! I was so excited . At first it seemed to work great and I , like so many others , loved it ! Ok so I did n't love the price of the refills , but the Genie itself was great . What people do n't tell you is that new baby poop does n't give off a strong odor . Once I introduced food to my son though the smell inevitably followed and the Genie was n't hiding it any longer . Then my son started getting round and investigating things . By the time he was one the Genie 's top was broken and refused to turn the diapers anymore and I was still paying for the refills . So here 's a fair warning
 This is by far the WORST product I 've ever used ! I was so excited to get it b/c I heard that you had to have a diaper genie when you have a baby , but give me a break . When you twist the top , first of all , it never catches the plastic so I have to open it up and loosen the plastic myself . Then when you twist it a few times , once you open it up again to put another diaper in , the top either gets caught on the plastic or it cuts it when it 's not supposed to . Three of my girlfriends threw there 's out and got some of the other diaper disposals . I was very disappointed in this product . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I received the Diaper Genie as a gift , but it was not all that it was cracked up to be . First of all when you load the first three or four diapers they all slip through the suggested twist and are piled together at the bottom of the pail . I often have to fight with it to open it and found out that the edges of the lid right below the button are VERY sharp . I got a pretty nasty cut on my finger . And it does n't help on the smell either .
 Horrible horrible stench -- I think that anyone who is using one has not been using it for long ... I have a 4 month old and an 18month old , and this thing reeks after half a day . I would not recommend it to anyone . I am throwing mine away and buying another product . I feel obligated to give it one star since I gave it 18 months to show me it could work .
 I just bought this item because I need to eliminate odor and thought it would be practical . I originally wanted the Diaper Champ but went with the Genie because it was a little less expensive . BOY DO I REGRET IT !!! A lot of people have poor reviews after getting started and seeing that the product is ineffective . I CA N'T EVEN GET STARTED !! I know it 's not me ; I read the directions over and over but ca n't seem to get this thing right . I have yet to get the sausage and have already began to see some wear and tear after a few manipulations . Back to the store it goes and HELLO DIAPER CHAMP !!!
 A friend recommended the diaper genie to us . We liked it until our child 's started using bigger diapers . The pail fills to quickly . The smell was still strong . We gave up on the diaper genie and started to use a garbage pail . Why put up with the cost of refills and the hassle of emptying the diaper genie if it does not cut down the smell . We are going to try the diaper champ . I will write a review about that one once we have used it for a while .
 Like many first time moms , I was excited to register for everything I thought was a baby necessity . I thought the diaper genie was one of those items . At first , I was enthusiastic about this gift , then reality set it . The worst thing about this product is the actual disposal mechanism . The diaper has to be in exactly the perfect position before you twist the top . If this does not happen , the next diaper you put in falls straight through , destroying the odor sealing `` sausage link '' system . The only way to end this cycle of stink is to cut the bag and start over . Other reviewers complained of odors with the genie and despite being very clean , yes , it still stinks , especially when emptying it . I wish I would have tried the diaper champ instead of the genie !
 I thought this would be a great thing to have but after my baby started eating solids the stink escapes . I switched to toddler liners but that did not help much either . Not many diapers fit in the pail . You can never get just one diaper in the first section . No matter how many times you turn it the hanging diaper twists into the new diaper . The only thing I can say good about it , is that it is better than a plain trash can .
 If you have a garbage can in your house , you do not need a diaper genie . I received it as a gift , so I stuck with it for a few months ... having to buy the refills . Basically , my son was breast fed with multiple stools a day . Breast fed baby 's stool does not smell bad enough that it has to be isolated . And even if my baby was formula fed ... though their stools have a more potent smell , they do n't have nearly as many per day . I have n't used it for months and he 's 9months old .
 I used to LOVE this thing , but do n't expect it to last the whole diaper stage of your child , let alone go one to the next child . My daughter is now two and it has completely fallen apart . The lid holder for the cutting blade broke off after six months , the cover does not stay on , and when you try to load the new refil , the insert no longer fits without a struggle . Do n't expect it to last long !
 There are over 400 reviews here , so what can I bring to the party ? Experience . Over time , the plastic in the diaper genie gradually absorbs the foul smells of its contents , so it begins to stink , empty or full . I 'd say it has 2-3 months before you start noticing it , and maybe a few more before you have to decide to do something about it.Hey , this is fun
 We had an older model Diaper Genie -LRB- 1994 -RRB- that was WONDERFUL . We have since had two more children and decided to buy a newer model since the refills for the orginal were being discontinued . The new model has been significantly `` cheapened up . '' We threw it in the trash within a matter of a few months and continued to use the old model until we could no longer find the original refills . Save your money .
 This thing does NOT work like it 's supposed to . There are no odors UNTIL you open the darn thing to get the diapers out and then it 's horrible ! The smell is literally gagging ... I think it 's a combination of the scented bags plus the yucky diapers but it 's downright gross . Ours never cut the bags like it was supposed to and the diapers never stayed twisted half the time . I stopped using it long ago and now put our dirty diaper in ziplock sandwich bags and then in the trash . SAVE YOUR MONEY ... DO N'T BUY THIS ... !
 We received the genie as a gift , and are really disappointed with it . First of all the smell is horrendous -LRB- even when aired out , cleaned and sprayed with lysol -RRB- , it is awkward to open -LRB- who has two free hands when changing a baby ? -RRB- , and the sausaging system is a pain to unload from the genie -LRB- they unwind -RRB- . I think the best bet would be a diaper pail , where you can put a scented garbage bag in it , and change it every two days ... . save your money !
 This thing is HORRIBLE . It does n't work and frankly I ca n't believe the people that actually like this thing . I wasted an hour one night just trying to get it to twist the diaper without tearing the bag and finally after an hour got it to work once . The next time I used it , I did exactly as I had done before and the stupid bag ripped and fell to the bottom of the container . I took it back and bought the DIAPER DEKOR . It is a FABULOUS invention and very easy to use . It works , does n't smell up your house , and is a lot better looking anyway .
 We had so much trouble with this diaper pail . We could never properly install the bag refills correctly . The top part would n't twist to close . Not to mention when you would pick it up to change it the bottom flies open . I have had at least three girlfriends that bought this for their babies and hated it to . I recommend saving all your plastic grocery bags and tying the dirty diapers up in them . Double wrap the bad ones . Throw them in your regular trash . They get taken out more often that way anyway . Do n't waste your money .
 This diaper genie is not only a waste of money , but extremely frustrating . You NEED TO HAVE AT LEAST ONE HAND FREE , ideally , two hands to operate this product - try that with a squirming baby on the changing table . This product should be hands free ! You also need to change the expensive bags at least once a week -LRB- we changed them weekly with a preemie -RRB- and changing the bags are a nightmare . The instructions are absolutely `` No '' help . We have had this product for 3 weeks and no longer use it .
 I registered for the Diaper Genie by Playtex because I always see lots of them in almost all the baby stores . Now I know why they are everywhere - they are left behinds by smart consumers ! 2 months into the diaper genie , the plastic tab securing the bag cutter already broke off . The bottom of the plastic topper for securing and twisting the bags was already so out of shape that it could no longer fit into new refils . It caused us lots of stress when we had to change the baby and fix the diaper pail at the same time . In my opinion , this product wass terribly designed and should go back to it 's drawing board !
 We bought the Diaper Genie for our daughter because we had heard so much about it.In my opinion , it 's a total waste of money and also environmentally problematic . If you empty your trash every day , you do n't need the Diaper Genie .
 If a baby stayed in newborn diapers forever than this would be a great product . As your child grows so do the size of the diapers . I was buying more and more refills because the diaper genie filled up really quick . Save your money and throw them in your regular garbage pail .
 As the other reviews state , this product is a waste of time and money . I used to babysit a little girl a number of years ago who 's parents used one of these . When I first started babysitting her , the mom told me not to bother with the Diaper Genie . It was n't until I had my own daughter -LRB- now 6 months old -RRB- that I found out WHY it was such a bother ! First , the pail does not hold many diapers , especially as the baby grows and gets bigger , so you 're having to change it out all the time . Second , refilling the contraption is just way too complicated -LRB- as well as refills can get expensive -RRB- is just a pain ! You have to cut the bag with the cutter attached in the lid , tie off the bag , pull up enough plastic to make a NEW bag -LRB- hoping and praying that there is enough -RRB- , and then deal with the smell after you open the thing up . Plus , I do n't know how many other people have this problem , but I have a hard time getting the first few diapers to make `` capsels '' , so there are usually 5-8 diapers at the bottom collecting the stinch ! Mine is still sitting in the corner of my daughter 's room , now going unused , while I use a regular trash can . My suggestion
 I got the Diaper Genie as a shower gift with my son and we liked it . However the cost of refills adds up , and it still has a smell . With the cost of diapers and then having to buy the refills adds up . So what I decided to do is to take a trash bag and put it in the Diaper Genie instead of buy the refills and it works . It keeps the cost down and the smell is still there . We have to make sure it gets empty twice a week . My suggestion would be not to buy the Diaper Genie .
 This contraption is more hassle than it 's worth . If you 've never used one before , more than likely you 'll need someone who has used it to show you how to put in the refill and get it to work right . Even then , I found that the smell when you empty it is just gross . Save your money and buy the scented diaper disposal bags that you can find in any grocery store in the baby section . You get 100 bags for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . I just put the stinky diaper in , tie the top and put it in the trash where it belongs . You 're going to wind up putting that stinky sausage in the trash anyway . Why go through the hassle of having to empty the Diaper Genie ? Yuck .
 The Diaper Genie does contain bad smells , as promised . But it was clearly designed by someone who has never had a baby . Hint
 I think this product is a complete waste of time and money . The refills are expensive , it is really hard to empty and it does n't even keep the smell out . I recieved this as a gift and my husband threw the box away as soon as it was unpacked , so I did n't get a chance to return it . My advice to you , is to do what I do , buy a box of ziploc baggies and a nice trash can with a lid . I works wonderfully and everyone knows how to use a ziploc baggie . My diaper genie sits in the attic .
 SAVE your Money !!!! It 's a good idea but truly not worth it . You are better off just buying a small-medium size garbage pail with a lid.Pro
 As a 1st time Mom , I registered for a diaper genie because I thought it sounded wonderful . Well , it 's not . Now that my son is 6 months old , it stinks . I have spent a fortune on refill bags . No more , I bought a Diaper Champ this past weekend . It is so much easier to use . You just flip the handle and the diaper drops into a regular trash bag . I do not have to bend over and twist anything . When the bag is full , you just take it out . No more cutting , pulling , twisting , or knotting bags . I have decided to trash my Diaper Genie . At least this way , I am only using a trash bag instead of a refill and a trash bag . My suggestion-Don ' t waste your money on a Diaper Genie .
 I have a diaper genie -LRB- gift -RRB- and the bottom line is that it works for us . However , if I had to make a purchase I would 've bought a diaper champ for 3 reasons . First it would be cheaper - you have to buy special refills for the diaper genie as versus regular garbage bags in the diaper champ and 2nd the diaper genie involves 7 steps -LRB- lift pink lid , lift round lid , insert diaper , replace round lid , twist round lid , close pink lid -RRB- to get the diaper inside the diaper genie . Third , changing the refills in the diaper genie is complicated and aggravating . Heck , based on my first reason , I might just go out and buy a diaper champ as it will probably save us money in the long run .
 We heard so much about the `` wonderful Diaper Genie , '' and did n't realize other options existed . It works great in that it does lock in the odors -LRB- you just have to make sure to empty it regularly instead of letting it get over full -RRB- . However , we 're seriously considering giving it away and purchasing one of the other brands , for several reasons . It 's inconvenient to use in that it 's short and needs two hands to operate . You also have to twist it five times clockwise , as opposed to just throwing the diaper in and being done with it . The refills are getting expensive ; the idea of using a simple garbage bag is quite appealing at this point . Whoever advertises this product is doing a good job ; I wish the other brands would step their efforts up so people like us would n't waste our money !
 The concept to the diaper genie is a good one but , I am ready to throw mine out of the window . I have a preemie baby and his diapers are very small and fall right through the prongs . When I go to turn the dial , there is n't a diaper there . When I open the bottom to empty the diapers , they are all in one heap at the bottom . I twist and twist the refill over and over again and this still occurs . I have to disagree when the directions state that it is odor controlled . . No it is n't ... my brand new baby room smells awful . I hear so many people say it is a wonderful neccesity to have . I on the other hand am looking for something else . I wo n't recommend this to anyone .
 I have two major complaints about the Diaper Genie . First , it does not keep the stink out . Actually , that 's not true . It does keep the stink out as long as you do n't open the lid to put a diaper in , but once you open the lid you need to run out of the room . And what good is a diaper pail if you ca n't stand to open it to put diapers in ? -LRB- Of course , you get a double-dose of the smell when you open the bottom to empty it ! -RRB- The other complaint is the special liners . I knew when I got it that it needed the separate liners , but I had no idea how quickly they would need to be refilled . I am looking for a new diaper pail now and will certainly get one that uses normal trash bags .
 Before my baby was born I asked several friends their opinion of the Diaper Genie . I should have listened . None of them liked it and were using other brands that I had never heard of . Since the Diaper Genie was the most popular name out there , I went ahead and purchased it . Big mistake . Hello ? You need 2 hands to operate the thing . First you have to open it , then after you put the diaper in you have to twist ... not once , not twice , but THREE times ! Then close the top . Try this with a baby in your hands . If your pregnant and do n't have any kids , imagine doing all this one handed !!! Emptying it is n't all that complicated , after you 've practiced a few times . The first time will take FOREVER though ! Oh , and the straw that broke the camels back is when my daughter started to cry everytime I had to twist twist twist . Apparently she is afraid of the sound of plastic . Too loud I guess . I finally threw mine in the garage and bought a Diaper Champ . I am so much happier with it ! You do n't have to buy the refills ... I mean come on ... you 're already spending oodles on diapers ! You can use ordinary tall kitchen bags . You can use this thing with only one hand . This is WONDERFUL !!! Just drop the diaper in , pull the handle over and done . That 's it ! I wish I had listened to my friends in the first place !
 We tried the genie for a week and were dissapointed in the small number of diapers you could put in before you had to change the bag -LRB- which are specially made for the Genie . -RRB- If you are looking for a unit that uses standard kitchen trash bags , go with the Diaper Champ . It does not smell and it easily holds more than one days worth of diapers .
 Frankly , I 'm surprised this is still so popular . We received ours as a gift and as first-time parents , we thought it looked like a great idea . Unfortunately , it turned out to be a disappointment and a hassle . It 's true that the diaper pail is easy to use and to empty and refill . But the big drawback is the smell . We did n't experience a problem until my wife stopped breastfeeding -LRB- at about 6 months -RRB- . Of course , as soon as our son started on formula and cereal , his diapers started smelling pretty bad . The Diaper Genie does nothing to minimize that odor . In fact , the smell might even have started to `` soak '' into the plastic body itself . We tried to air it out . We tried applying baking soda and spraying Lysol . No luck . My one other peeve was the bag cutter that is attached to the lid . I had trouble getting it to catch hold of the bag when I wanted to remove a full bag from the Genie . So , what do we do now ? We bought a large , cheap roll of small plastic trash bags , put a single dirty diaper into each one to contain the smell , and throw it in the trash . Bottom line - I 'd save your money and just buy a diaper pail instead .
 1 . You have to buy special bags , regular trash bags wo n't work .2 . Replacing said bags is a hassle .3 . The Genie breaks easily .4 . The Genie does not control odors like you are lead to believe when buying their special bags .5 . Buy a Diaper Champ , the Champ rocks !
 I found the Diaper Genie difficult to use in most every way . It is also rather expensive , as the plastic refill only lasts three weeks and sells for -LSB- price -RSB- per refill . Also aggravating is that the wide genie is generally the only product Playtex tends to sell these days , yet the narrower refills are still sold and labeled as the `` original . '' How am I supposed to know if I buy the only Genie sold in stores that the `` original '' refills are going to be too small ? I just threw away -LSB- money -RSB- to learn that.What specifically makes the Genie difficult to use ? It 's less than obvious how to set it up initially , even using the instructions . When you replace the plastic , the same awkwardness does n't seem to get any easier either . The Genie is very sensitive about exactly where you put the diaper -- if you do n't push it in far enough or slightly too far , it simply wo n't work and often you have to cut the plastic and start fresh . The `` sausage roll '' of diapers that results is not very convenient to carry away - your best bet is to bring a larger plastic garbage bag over to the genie to throw them away so you wo n't be tripping over them to carry them any distance.A better choice sounds like the Diaper Champ , which uses regular trash bags and you do n't have to fight with the diaper to jam it into the dispenser , like you do on the Genie . Also better than the Genie would be a regular small flip top trash can with scented bags , emptied regularly .
 This was the first item I put on my registry . As a first time mom it sounded like a great idea . After using it for two months I have thrown it out . It smells horrible . Having to buy the refills is a pain ! Like diapers are n't expensive enough let 's buy them special bags to throw them away in ! I would never buy this product again . It 's not worth the time or money . If you buy one I suggest a lot of air freshener too !
 After 5 months ... I give up . This product is a waste of money . It requires -LRB- a -RRB- a users manual to explain how to change the liner , -LRB- b -RRB- a special `` technique '' to get the diaper segments to seal , -LRB- c -RRB- emptying every 2-3 days because it is too small -LRB- especially annoying as the diapers get bigger -RRB- , and -LRB- c -RRB- expensive replacement liners . I respect the fact that many of the reviewers have found ways to manage with these flaws by perfecting usage techniques and using the Genie only for poopie diapers -LRB- while throwing wet diapers in a regular pail -RRB- to save on liner cost . However , special techniques are useless when the Mother in Law is trying to use it ! I recommend paying a little extra up-front for Diaper Champ . It is MUCH easier to use , contains the odors very well , and uses regular garbage bags . You will save money in the long-run by not having to buy special replacement liners . But do n't take my word for it ... go read some of the reviews for the Diaper Champ ...
 HATED THIS PRODUCT !!!! The instructions say it is sooo easy to use , but both my husband and I could n't figure out how to get it to work properly . In order to get this product to work , you have to push the diaper way down past the catch point in the pail , but if you have a yucky poop diaper , that can get messy ! Also , the top would n't turn to twist the bag to keep out odors . We ended up buying the Diaper Champ ... to replace this one and LOVE IT !!!! I highly recommend it !
 We bought this just before our 13 month old was born . It has been a frustration from the very start . Now that we are expecting our second child we are actively looking for a better diaper system . I would not reccomend this diaper pail at all .
 this product was a waste of $ with our first baby . and , if someone uses it who does n't know how to correctly twist it messes up the whole process . we have opted for the diaper dekor with our current pregnancy which has proved to be easy and stink-free . definitley worth the extra cash . we even bought two since we have a two story home .
 My husband and I bought this product before we had our baby . I clean the diaper genie before I refill the bag . This item still stinks after a year of cleaning it . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The people who love the diaper genie have n't had it for very long . I thought it was great at first , too . After a period of months , however , it started to STINK ! It was n't the diapers that were so foul , it was the Genie itself . No amount of disinfecting , bleaching or deodorizing came close to touching that stink . I would strongly encourage new parents to forget this item .
 I bought this because I thought `` I have to have one . '' It has been the most aggravating thing I have ever used ! You twist and sometimes it twists and sometimes it does n't and it does n't take away odor , etc. ... I heard the diaper champ is much better , or better yet , just dispose of the diapers immediately and dont buy this at all . I have a whole stack of refills that are sitting on the closet shelf .
 I received the diaper genie as a baby shower gift . I used it a few times and said forget it . It 's to hard to install the liners and once the genie was full I had a hard time figuring out how to cut the plastic . As a new mom I was to tired to sit and figure out how to reinstall the liners again . A standard diaper pail works fine . The diaper genie does n't really help with oders .
 I started out with the Diaper Champ - to a fault of my own I needed a new diaper pail so i decided to try the Diaper Genie . I had the old style Diaper Genie at my mothers and I liked it so I thought I would try the new and improved one . I hate it Im returning it today - u have to shove a full diaper in it until the clips catch it and then twist it - if u go to far - oh well and if u dont go far enough - shove that full dirty diaper down some more . I also think it is to short . The one star I will give it is that it did keep the odor out . The other star is for emptying it . Very easy . Overall - I 'll never buy one for anyone I know . When it goes back a new Diaper Champ will replace it .
 I received the Diaper Genie for my shower . When my son was first born I thought it was great , until I had to start buying the refills every other week for the outrageous price -LSB- per -RSB- refill . Its not even worth it , it does n't eliminate odor , as soon as you open the top to put the diaper in you can smell it , its like something died in there , and no matter how much Lysol you spray or how many time you wash it out it still smells , the refills are a pain , my husband wo n't even change it . We are looking at the Diaper Champ , the reviews are good and you can use regular garbage bags , and I hear it holds a lot more diapers than the Genie which only holds approximately 15 diapers and needs to be emptied every other day .
 I reiceived two Genies from a baby shower and wound up returning them both . I did not notice how HUGE they are and they take up valuable space . I also noticed that you need to refill it often and let me tell you something . Babies go through diapers quick . Plus you have to make sure you buy the refill that pertains to the genie you have i.e. wide ring . ... I can place many diapers in one 13 gallon trash bag then silly special refills.I found the genie hard to operate and the `` wide '' openning was not very wide at all for those HUGE diapers later on .
 Simply put
 I got this as a hand-me-down , but would never have bought it . Get one that will take regular bags , the refills are too expensive for this .
 Somehow I got sucked into thinking that I would n't be able to live without this . First of all , the bag inside is heavily perfumed , and I 'm not a big fan of the smell . No , the nursery does n't smell like poopy diapers , but I think that smelling like a Diaper Genie insert is n't exactly the greatest either . Then , I had problems when I tried to cut off the `` diaper sausage '' and broke the ring . I followed the instructions and everything , but it just did n't work , I had to use regular scissors to cut the bag off.I 've decided that this really is a gimmicky piece of crap . I now use a regular trash can , give a little spritz of air freshener when needed , and I have a much simpler , happier life for it .
 Diaper genie works good for the first 7 months because the babys poop does n't smell too strong yet , after that the diaper genie begins the smell really bad .
 I put the diaper genie since everyone should have it on their baby list . When I first looked at it , it seem a bit confusing but once I read the directions and did a couple of practice runs it was fine . Then we had Brianna . It just seem to be a double duty . First to put it in and do all that twisting and a few days later to empty the container . It was just more simple to just throw it in the trash . We usually just throw out our trash everyday anyway . This is also easier for me since I do most of her changing on a changing kit I have for my pack n play downstairs . Maybe if I changed her in her room more often it would be put to better use . I wish I had not opened it up and got rid of the box . For me it was a waste of money .
 I used this diaper pail when I had my first daughter a couple of years ago and I did not like it at all . I thought it was very difficult to use . -LRB- until you get used to it -RRB- It did n't contain the smell well at all . The refills were a pain to put in and like another reviewer said it twisted when it wanted to . The lid also kept coming off of mine . I threw this out and bought the safety 1st odorless diaper pail which I find contains the odor much better .
 When we had our first child , now we 're going on 4 , we had to have the diaper genie . I was thrilled to receive it at my shower . Once we used it , we realized it was n't all it was supposed to be . We 'd open the lid , and Yuk ! What a smell . All that twisting the diapers up , and ripping plastic , and running out of the refills . Was n't worth the money . We now keep a trash can outside our back door to throw dirty diapers in , it takes just as long to toss them outside and costs no extra . Or we 've found that tying them in a plastic shopping bag works just as well .
 I had registered for this prouduct when it first came out for my first child thinking how neat it was to have a garbage pail just for diapers . Once I got it home it was so hard to assemble and figuring out how to use it was a task . You have to turn it one way to hold the diapers in what I called sausage links , but if you dont turn it enough , when it comes time to empty it the little sausage links have untwisted . It was hard to empty and hard to refill , and after a while the room started to smell . I am now expecting twins and I am not considering the Diaper Genie .
 I wish I would have read some reviews before registering for the Diaper Genie.It fills up too quickly . Dumping the diapers is a pain . The refills are expensive . It does not contain odors very well . I 'm thinking about using a garbage can with a lid instead of the Diaper Genie .
 I am very disappointed in the diaper genie . It was fine in the begging , I found it was not that hard to set up or even refill , for about three months . The ring that twist the bag started to get bent on the end , which made it harder and harder to use because it got so deformed that know it dose not fit . The bags are not that expensive but with the Diaper Champ you can use normal bags that you already have in your house . This was a shower gift to me , so I really did n't spend money to buy it.I wish I would have read more reviews on the Diaper Genie -LRB- and other products for that matter -RRB- before I put it on my registry because I would have ask for something else . I hope this will help someone else before making the same mistake .
 In theory , the diaper genie souds wonderful , however , it 's awful . It does not function properly . It 's pretty good at keeing the ordors contained , however , it 's very difficult to add solied dispers to the pail and cut the film using the specially desinged cutter . After a few weeks of use , the top came off and would not go back on tightly . Unfortuantely , several of my friends also had this item on their baby registry . It 's useless .
 I received this diaper pail as a shower gift , I did not register for it however I figured I 'd give it a try ... what a MISTAKE !!!! Not only do the diapers jam in the top when trying to place them inside , the bags that are suppose to contain the diapers completely rip to shreds . My husband had a very hard time emptying the diaper pail because the diapers where so jammed . We gave up on this item after the first two weeks of use . I know a few other expecting mothers and I plan on telling them not to bother putting this product on their registry .
 Do n't get this unless you are an engineer . I found it difficult to change the liners . I threw mine away and bought a Diaper Champ . I did not like buying the specific refills . On a good note , it never smelled .
 My wife and I , rookies , went back and forth about what to get to manage the inevitable dirty diaper situation . We did our homework , and pre-baby planning and purchasing ... We originally purchased a diaper genie , but that twisting thing , the pricey refills , those sausage-diaper links ... it all was a bit much and rather frustrating , especially if you have pregnancy related or other `` wrist issues '' like carpal tunnel and/or tendinitis.Read the reviews , drank the punch , and got the Diaper Champ . We 're true converts ! The one - handed , heck , one-finger operation of the Champ is soooo much better than the Genie . I am now ready to compete in the diaper changing event in the next Olympics.The Champ is super fast , super simple , and so good we got a second one for the playpen/changing area downstairs . The double garbage bag tip has helped with the smell . Oh the days of the breast milk poopy diaper ... how I miss them so ... New Slogan ... In the Land of the Dirty Diaper , The Diaper Champ is KING !
 Be wary of any diaper pail that requires instructions and a demo by your next-door-neighbor in order to use it ! After I figured it all out I found that it was a pain to fool with . Also the refills are expensive and it does n't hold enough diapers IMO . It does n't lock out odors either . It may have for the first week or two , but now at 31/2 months it SMELLS BAD . I guess the diapers have gotten stinkier . What can I say?The other thing that drives me nuts is that the first few diapers I put in after a refill change never go in correctly . No matter how many times I twist after the first diaper , the second one always pushes right through the first twist and ends up hanging in the bottom - un-sausage-linked . The only positive thing I can say is that when you do cut the links loose they are easy to dispose of in the outside garbage.You may want to save your money on this one and go with something less fru-fru .
 This is definetly overarted . It 's only good feature is that it keeps the smell out ... that is if you get it right . It 's difficult to use , expensive refills , really a Pain . Not what you need with a new little handful in your arms.Go with the Diaper Champ . . much easier and uses regular garbage bags .
 The diaper genie is a great concept . Who likes to smell dirty diapers ? Yuck . But I found it has a big design flaw . It is very hard to operate with one hand -LRB- the other holding the baby on the changing table -RRB- and after the first few diapers are inside , it is harder to turn.I now just keep ziplock baggies and grocery bags in the top drawer and wrap them after every use and put them in the main garbage . It 's easier .
 This was a highly recommended product by many websites so I included it on my registry only to find out it 's not worth the trouble . It smells almost as bad as any other diaper pail and with the amount of trouble you must go through to change the lining and push the diapers in it -LRB- another fun task , I might add -RRB- , it 's not worth it . Also , the ` ring of smelly diapers ' that this thing creates that you must then discard in some orderly fashion is disgusting . Do n't waste your money ! They are going to smell anyway ... buy another diaper pail and replace the trash bags -LRB- tall kitchen are usually better -RRB- more often .
 I received the genie as a shower gift two years ago for my first child . My biggest complaint is the odor , of course babies diapers do not really smell that bad until the solid food starts . After my son started having stinky diaper I found the diaper genie awful . It contains the odor until you need to open it up to put another dirty diaper in . Then the whole room smells for a really long time . And , after empting it I would have to clean the whole thing out and air it out outside ! I now find it intolerable to use and just tie dirty diapers up in plastic shopping bags and throw straight into the garbage can outside .
 I used the Diaper Genie with my first child , and absolutely WILL NOT use it with my second . It 's too much of a hassle , and not worth all the effort . Emptying it is a big process , and you end up with a big , long -LRB- sausage-like -RRB- chain of wrapped dirty diapers . I used to take all of that and put it into a regular trash bag , before I could throw it all away . It does seem to hold in the odor , but that odor escapes each time the diaper genie is emptied . The razor to cut the bag never seemed to work like it was supposed to . I ended up having to just rip it with my hands many times . I would not recommend this product to anyone . ...
 Yes , I have to admit it takes the smell away , but the thing was so hard to put the refills in . The twist ring wouldnt go back in , my cutter wouldnt really cut the bag . It was horrible , so i finally bought the diaper champ , yes it smells a little worse but hey , its a lot easier .
 No matter what you do - IT STINKS ! Especially when your baby starts solids . And I , personally , do n't like the idea of pushing the diaper through , then twisting it and inhaling all the odors while doing it .
 I received a Diaper Genie for my baby shower . When it came to using it ... forget it . It just was n't worth it.First of all , you usually destroy the first refill trying to figure the thing out . Secondly , they realllly start to reek after a while . -LRB- even with scrubbing , bleach , etc. -RRB- My sister had one , and it was just impossible to keep it from smelling . She ended up throwing it out in the end.I did n't think this was worth the money , or the cost of refills . It 's easier to just throw the diaper in the garbage . If you get a particularly stinky diaper , just throw it in a grocery bag and tie it off . * shrug *
 I would have never invested in this product if I would have asked around first . This product has good intentions , but does n't deliver . The diaper genie would n't wrap the diapers . They would just rip the plastic and fall to the bottom . Would n't recommend it to anyone !!
 This was a gift , and according to EVERYBODY , a must . However , after four months of use , it became a hassle , and a major pain . I had to empty it every other day , and it still smells . If I messed up on emptying it , I ended up throwing away the whole refill . At four dollars a refill , every other week , not worth it . I would rather smell it . I empty trash every day anyways .
 We received our Diaper Genie as a shower gift and at first we were delighted to have it . Until we actually started to use it . It only holds about a day 's worth of diapers so you end up changing it all the time . Also , it is designed to wrap each diaper individually , -LRB- kind of like a sausage link -RRB- but it does n't really work . Our lid broke within the first month of using it . It is also really short and not convienent to use since you have to bend way over while trying to make sure your baby does n't roll off the changing table.We ended up buying ourselves the Diaper Champ . It is so much easier to use and holds a lot more diapers . It 's design is so much easier and simple . Do yourself a favor and get the Diaper Champ ... you wont regret it .
 This Diaper Genie was great at first . But , as time went on , it smelled baaaaad ! Everytime I opened it I got blasted with `` diaper stink '' even when there were no diapers in it!I threw it out and went to tossing the diaper 's into those plastic -LRB- and free -RRB- grocery store bags and tying up the handles . I did n't have `` diaper stink '' problems ever again!Also , the twisting action did n't always work . When it came time to cut the bag , it would fail most of the time.I will NEVER buy the Diaper Genie or recommend it to anyone ever again !!
 I 've had the diaper genie for a year now and all I can say is that it is in need of a redesign . I would like to know how to keep the first few diapers from unraveling . Once the diapers reach the bottom of the pail , the unit works fine . But those first few diapers unspin themselves the moment they go beyond the grabbing claws and the only way I 've found to prevent this is to use tape . I 've searched Playtex 's web site for ways to prevent this and have found nothing on this obvious design flaw .
 We bought a diaper genie when our first son was born in 1999 . We heard other parents talk about how nice they were . Well , we did n't like it . The refills are a pain to put in . The lid did n't twist like it was supposed to . I usually had to get my husband to help me . When you empty the genie , the smell is awful and the diapers just `` untwisted '' in their wrap . I would advise against buying this thing .
 I have heard so much hype regarding the Diaper Genie as a must have item . We have it and we do n't even use ours . A waste of money as far as I am concerned . The top never turned correctly and getting the diapers out was so disgusting . We just throw the diapers with the rest of the trash . It works just as well .
 I would not recommend this diaper pail . The plastic latches on the top cover broke off after 2 months ' use and we had problems fitting the refills into the container correctly . Our Diaper Genie smelled and did not correctly twist or knot the dirty diapers like described . I tossed it and used a regular trash can with a lid . If emptied frequently , it 's better than this product because there 's no hassle .
 I registered for this product when I was pregnant , because it was the only brand name I knew at the time . It 's awful ! The instructions are n't clear , you have to buy a new refill every month , your hands get dirty b/c you have to stuff the diaper all the way down the plastic bag , the turn knob on the top does n't work , etc. , etc. , etc. . I 'm going to buy a Diaper Champ . My friend was smart and registered for that one and it works like a charm !
 I purchased the Diaper Genie in the hopes that I would have an easy means of disposing of the diapers . Not so ! First , whenever I turn the top knob , instead of twisting the plastic in to neat little budles , the plastic tears 9 times out of 10 . I , then , have to pull out more plastic and try again -LRB- often several times -RRB- . Maybe this is what Playtex intended
 Found it difficult to put first refill in . Bag tends to tear . I thought it would be easier to use . You have to push a button to open the top and push the dirty diaper way down and then twist . I would prefer a product where you can just throw the diaper in and not have to be bothered handling the dirty diaper as much as you have to with this product .
 I was very disappointed with this product . It has to be changed at LEAST twice a week and when you do change it the smell is terrible !! Not to mention that when you get a new refill it takes forever to get the plastic to stay twisted -- -LRB- I know I 've twisted it at least 20 times before to get it to stay . -RRB- I do admit that it keeps the baby 's room from smelling until you open it up , but other than that I would n't recommend this product to anyone . I am currently looking for another brand myself .
 I thought that this would be the greatest addition to my nursery . I was completely wrong . If you do n't put the diaper into the unit correctly , you can forget it working properly . Sticking your hand half way down and trying to get it to seal was completely fustrating . After three months , I threw it in the trash . I found the Diaper Champ to be a great addition and an end to my fustration .
 After 4 weeks of using this defective product , one of the 4 clips that holds diapers in place while you twist just broke off . Needless to say , this renders the product worthless - now when I twist it does n't `` seal '' so the diapers just fall through and smell ... . This is cheap plastic and not designed well . I 'm going to try the Diaper Champ now .
 the diaper genie is convienant but the odor still comes out of mine everytime i open it .
 A diaper pail should n't be difficult or have to come with instructions . I never got this thing to work correctly . Do n't buy it !
 I have suffered for one year with my Diaper Genie . I took all recommendations when I registered for it before my baby 's birth . I now ca n't believe I have waited this long before throwing the thing out the window . It smells terrible , especially after it 's half full . I even know how to do the ole `` tightly wrapped ball of diapers '' . The regular liners smell and the `` toddler '' inserts -LRB- green ones -RRB- seemed to help with the smell , however the plastic is so thick that it does n't cut at all with the little cutter tool in the lid . Speaking of the tool , one of the little teeth that holds it in broke off right away and now I have to keep the tool in a drawer -LRB- which makes the drawer smell cause the smell from within the Genie permeates everything , even after bleaching it -RRB- . I would return it if I could , but now unfortunately it 's garage sale material . I 'll be trying one of the other brands that uses garbage bags rather than the pricey refills .
 Every baby magazine in the world boasts that this is one of those products no parents should be without ... they are mistaken . I will admit the concept is good , but the Diaper Gene seriously lacks what it promises ! The ultimate worst is how many times you have to empty this pail ! When my son was in newborn and size one diapers it was great ... then when he got into bigger sizes , forget it ! AND IT DOES N'T KEEP ODORS AWAY ! Which it claims it 's the best for ! The Diaper Gene is supposed to make a chain of diapers , after time went on mine would contain two to three diapers in one link ! Finally I got tired of messing with it and tossed it away . I went straight to Babies R Us and bought the Diaper Champ ! Which I am totally satisfied with ! The Diaper Champ KO 's the Gene !
 Diaper Champ is much better ... easier to use !
 Is not easy to use at first although we figured it out after a while of course but why should we waste time playing with a diaper genie when we could be spending time doing other things.wastes a ton of bag space in our opinion to eliminate smells you have to turn the bag around each diaper , when you take the bag out and all the turns unfold all the diapers will fall to the bottom and leave an excessive amount of extra bag space.The bag refills are not cheap by the way around -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for a refill.Also the lid pops off easily and it takes 2 hands to throw something away . Usually one hand is holding a baby so ... it creates another inconvenience from an item whose job is to create more convenience.we hate our diaper genie and would not recommend it to any of our friends
 The diaper genie is much more hassel than it 's really worth . A new parent would be better off spending their money on more diapers , wipes , or formula !
 I bought the diaper genie when my original diaper pail started smelling . Within 5-6 months this also started to smell and nothing would remove the scent from the plastic . This holds 12-15 size 4 diapers so it needs to be changed every 2-3 days or so . The refills are expensive considering other diaper pails use 13 gallon kitchen bags or grocery bags . If this was truly odor free I would n't mind paying so much for refills and emptying it out but it does smell .
 This pail worked well when my son was breastfeeding only and in newborn or size 1 diapers . After about 3 months , the pail began to stink around the clock , even though I cleaned and disinfected it . As the diapers got bigger , changing the liner became a constant chore . I replaced the Genie with a plain old-fashioned diaper pail . Sure , I have to take out the diapers daily , but there is no stench , no two-handed twisting , and no expensive liners to buy . The use of this product was so short-lived that it simply was not worth the money . Skip it .
 l got this as a gift and it does not work as good as they say!everytime me or my husband use it the plastic where it hold the diaper when you turn it breaks all the time !!! and l sure do n't have time to fix it all the time ... . l do n't even bother with it anymore . not so good for first time mom 's .
 I was really excited when I got the Diaper Genie for a shower gift . And in the beginning when my son 's diapers really were n't that bad it was great . However , once he started eating more real food and the diapers were pretty stinky it did not work . Poor guy 's whole room would sometimes smell because of the Genie . I 've tried cleaning it with bleach , pine sol , and Murphy 's Oil -LRB- which is what Playtex recommends -RRB- but NOTHING gets rid of that smell . I 'm just about to throw it out because it 's so horrible . Not to mention the pain of having to buy the refills that are expensive .
 The diaper gene was great for like the first 2-3 months when you are changing your diaper almost every hour and the trash can is to far away for you to lift your weary body and walk that direction ... . but after it is really unessacary . It isnt so great that you JUST HAVE TO HAVE IT yeah it muffles the smell a little bit but so does air freshner , and to be honest my diaper gene has been sitting in my daughters room catching dust for the last 8 months because I dont want to change the liner because it is such a pain !!!! I mean cmon ! Does this whole diaper disposal have to be rocket science for us tiered moms ???? JUST TRUST ME , YOU CAN LIVE WITHOUT IT , spend the -LSB- money -RSB- on something else you could really use like a mancure or a new pair of shoes ... . you wont be sorry .
 This system is hard to change at first but then you get the hang of it . My problem was the smell after about eight months it starts to have an odor . I bleached it , sprayed it , etc. it helped a few days but still the smell is there . I am finally getting rid of it and looking for something else .
 cheap plastic parts break easily ... in fact , I never used the thing . I took it out of the box and noted that the lid did not latch as stated in the guide . I turned the unit over and what appeared to be a clip from the latch fell out ??? Nothing I hate more than cheap breakable plastic junk products , except maybe poopy diaper smelling cheap breakable plastic junk products like the Genie appears to be .
 I thought that this was a must-have when I had my first baby . It turned out to be more trouble that it was worth , and it was no more convenient or odor-preventing than a standard covered garbage can that is taken out on a regular basis . Yeah , you might not have to take out the Genie bags as much , but when the plastic untwists in the bottom , and you slicer on the top does n't work properly , it 's just a waste of time .
 I was very disappointed in the Diaper Genie . I do have an older model where the cutter was not a part of the unit itself but had to be twisted out of the top cap . Not a very safe idea as my two year old quickly discovered how to take it out herself . I am glad to see that feature has changed . However , the pail itself stinks to no end . It has been cleaned with bleach each time it was emptied and still the smell does not go away . In addition , it seems like the refill always runs out at a bad time , since there is no warning that you are getting to the end . It also seems to be designed for little people as it is so low to the floor . Mine is also broken and has been for some time , though it is still usable . Now that I am pregnant with number two I am switching to the Diaper Champ . My sister-in-law has one and raves about it !
 I received a Diaper Genie for my Baby Shower . I tried to use it but rather that it tying the bags , it tears them . Maybe I am doing something wrong , but other moms have tried and had the same problem . It has been sitting in my closet since a week after I got it .
 I received the Diaper Genie as a shower gift from my friends and was told I was sooo lucky to have it . I was very disappointed . I thought you could just wrap the diaper up and throw it in to be disposed of . Little did I know you had to stick your arm half way down the thing to a certain point , close the lid and the manually turn the rings until you think it 's tight enough . I find it much easier to just stick the diaper in a plastic bag , tie it up and throw it in the trash.I am considering returning this along with the refills I received with it . This one , I would n't recommend .
 I was happy when I received one of these at my baby shower . I had heard so many good this about it and I read that it would keep the smell out of my son 's room . Well my husband gets very frustrated with it and refuses to us it . Also it keeps my son 's room smelling ok when it is closed but when I empty it his room fills with the smell of urine . It also has to be emptied very often and I 'm thinking by the time he is in a large toddler size diaper I will be able to fit two in it . I wo n't even start on the price of the refills . I 'm going to find another thing to put his diapers in that takes basic 13 gallon bags .
 I knew I was in trouble when I had to search the Internet for directions on how to use the Diaper Genie ... it came with none ! I 've been using it for two months now and not a day goes by that I do n't curse the stupid thing . It has n't worked well since day one ... every time I put a diaper in it -LRB- when using according to directions -RRB- , the bag rips . I 've resorted to using it as a standard bin -LRB- instead of `` sausaging '' the diapers -RRB- , which defeats the whole purpose of the design . Odor control is fair , but I attribute that to the fact that it holds relatively few diapers - I have to empty it every night with my 2 month old -LRB- and those are little diapers ! -RRB- . Also , the opening is not very wide and gets really nasty -LRB- no matter how careful you are -RRB- . I 'm not sure I understand this , since this is the `` wide opening '' model ... I think I 'll spring for the Diaper Champ .
 Refills are expensive , and the average newborn goes through more than one a month . My son was going through a refill every 9 days for the first 2 months . Now , he 's 4 months old , and he 's going through a refill every 3 weeks . Now that he 's on solid food and his diapers are more stinky , it is NOT completely odor free like the box claims to be . I can definately smell baby powder scent over poop if I am near the genie . If I had to buy it over again , I would purchase the Diaper Champ .
 This has to be the worst product on the market ! We bought this item with our first child and it let us down in every possible way ! First off the bag refills are to costly , secondly you have to wash this product out on a nightly basis with hot and soapy water to prevent it from smelling up your home which takes out the convience factor of this product ! The lid is very fragile as well as the clips that hold the ripper in place . We had a clip break within 2 weeks.I will never use this product agian , you can save money and buy a flip top garbage can just for diapers , it will do the same .
 I would rather throw the diapers on our kitchen trash can . It 's a lot faster and easier than trying to mess with the Genie . I would recommend trying a different brand .
 Have you ever noticed that all first time parents have this , but seldom do you see it used with the second or third child ? It is for a good reason , it is a pain ! I found it very cumbersome to get the diaper in the container and make sure it was closed back up , while I had a crying , squirming baby in my arms . The the worst part is when you have to open up the bottom , and take out the sausage like package of petrified diapers . They still end up stinking up the baby 's room ! I have found it is much cheaper , and more sanitary to simply put a diaper pail -LRB- or wastebasket with lid -RRB- right outside of my sliding glass door . That way I can throw the diapers out , with no nasty smell in the house . And then just take that bag out to the trash along with my kitchen trash . No more carrying poopy diaper links out to the garbage .
 This product is very expensive and not worth the money . First it costs 25.00 for the initial product and the refills are 5.00 a piece . While the smell was contained within the pail , it needs to be emptied daily and it is a pain to empty . I always had trouble using the Genie after it was emptied , getting the trash bag to close properly around a diaper in an empty pail was tough and emptying it was no picnic either , it made the whole room smell awful -LRB- all those used diapers in one small space released a terrible smell when you open it -RRB- . I also hated having to use the razor to slice the top of the trash bag lining to unleash the smelly sausage packed diapers and I wish that I did not have to stick my hand all the way into the pail with a dirty diaper to twist it closed . We were going through 2 refills a month and it just was not worth it . We resorted to throwing the diapers out and tossing out our garbage every night . There was not a smell problem like people might think unless you dont toss your garbage out regularly , and it was much cheaper too . We used this product for about 3 mos and then just gave up , it just sits and collects dust . It was a total waste of money in our opinion , especially when it is just easier to throw the diapers in the garbage .
 We were thrilled when we first received our Diaper Genie , especailly after having read the stellar reviews . After about 2 months , we thought otherwise . While it does control odors well , the replacement bags are very expensive . As your baby gets bigger and uses larger diapers , you have to constantly change out the pail due to its ' small holding bin . I agree that you should not keep waste in your childs room for long but havnig to empty it daily is not fun . The twisting ring -LRB- the attachment that helps hold the odor -RRB- began to fall apart very soon after we bought it , tearing the bags ever time we twisted it . Of course , this negates any odor absorbing quality . It is also a two hand operation to open , twist and dispose of a diaper . Try doing that while taking care of a very active 5 month old . After our experience with it , we went out and bought the `` Odorless Diaper Pail '' which is unfortunately discontinued on this site . It was the least expensive one we found . One push of a button and the diaper goes down the chute . It uses standard kitchen bags . And best of all , we have not experinced any odor issues . Much easier and cheaper to use in the long run .
 I hate the diaper genie . I like the idea though . If you want to bend over , pop the top off , push a yucky stinky diaper into the pail , and then twist the top in the middle of the night , this product is for you . Someone should improve the idea . You should just be about to step on a pedal that opens the top and drop the diaper in . None of this bend over , push diaper all the way down , and twist top . My Diaper Genie is only about 2mts old and it no longer allows you to push the diapers down unless you take the inner top out , and it no longer cuts the plastic bags . I cut the bags with my sisscers.The diaper genie only holds about a weeks diaper for a 2mt baby . You have to empty the diaper genie from the buttom . It sucks . The refils are about 5 bucks and they only last for about 3wks , depending on your baby . Buy it if you want to waste $ $ $ .
 I received this as a shower gift when I was expecting my first child . We used it and it was ok . The plastic clip broke on the lid and the plastic holder for the cutting tool broke soon after we got it , with normal use . It is a pain to twist the bag to get the diapers to seal in the bag . I HATED buying the refill bags for this thing ! It does n't hold very many diapers so you have to change it all the time , and my husband never figured out how to change the bag . A friend of mine had a Diaper Champ and I am getting one of those this time around . With the champ , you can use one hand only and it takes regular kitchen sized garbage bags instead of a particular refill . Do n't get the genie , it 's a pain .
 I purchased the Diaper Genie and the concept sounded good , but it was much more hassle than worth . First , the cost of buying the refill bags vs. the Diaper Champ -LRB- where you use regular plastic bags you get free with groceries -RRB- is enough to get me to switch to the Diaper Champ . Those bags can get quite costly.Second , I never did totally figure out how to use the darn thing . You need two hands to dispose the diapers , and can be difficult if you are changing a little one . The Diaper Champ you can use only one hand . Much more convenient . Definitely recommend the Diaper Champ over the Genie : -RRB-
 Just go to the outside trash and put the yucky ones in there . The D.G. is a waste !
 I wish I would have listened to my gut instinct to NOT get the Diaper Genie . A few of my friends had it and said not to get it , but I did n't listen . My son is now 4 months old and I have yet to be able to use the Genie properly . Everytime I would put the diaper in the Genie and push down on it to create the `` Sausage Casing '' it would rip the bag . I finally got so frustrated with it that I just threw it out . I recently bought the Diaper Champ and I love the Diaper Champ . It is so much easier to use and it does n't require you to purchase the bags which cost money . It is also so much easier to use.All in all
 No matter what I do , this thing still stinks . I prefer to take my daughters diapers out to the garage trash every other day or so . Do n't waste your money !
 My husband and I got this as a gift from his sister when our son was born . At first we were really excited about it . Then we tried it out . TEN REASONS NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT ! 1 . hard to follow instructions2 . bags can get expensive3 . horrible to change it4 . not very easy to open when holding a baby5 . smelled 20 times worse , especially when you changed the bags6 . HORRIBLE SMELL WHEN YOU TAKE THE BAG OF DIAPERS OUT7 . not scented at all8 . not worth the money9 . would rather throw diapers in my trash can than in this10 . not scented but of dirty diapersAll I have to say is do n't make the mistake of buying this item it is not worth it . My husband and I would both fight over who was going to change the bags . The smell was so bad ! I am not kidding ! It does not work . We ended up throwing ours away !
 i do n't like it.it stinks.i like the diaper champ.it does n't stink .
 I got the diaper genie for my baby shower cause I selected it for my registration . I have had it for 14 months and it is completely broken . First , the cutter stopped working in the first month , so I had to use scissors to cut the refill bags when it was needing emptying . Next , the top fell off and wo n't stay on now . Last the diapers did n't twist how they are suppose to . Overall this is a poor product .
 Using the Diaper Genie is a major hassle . The refills are expensive , and changing them is difficult -- I can never get the plastic ring to snap on correctly . Emptying the thing is a major pain , too , as the cutter does not always work properly . And I hate pushing the dirty diaper through the opening . I just tossed my Genie in the garbage . Now I 'm using very thin scented bags from the dollar store and just taking out the diapers in a small trash bag at the end of the day .
 Do n't waste your money on a Diaper Genie . I had great expectations . I guess I should have had no expectations because we use it no more . It got stinky . And it 's just a hassle to use . It 's a lot easier to throw the dirty diaper in a plastic grocery bag and toss it in the garbage .
 This WAS my most coveted , had to have items , and turned out to big the BIGGEST dissapointment . A hassle to cut and maintain it so that it worked correctly . A definite gross factor when it actually came down to it ... had to HANDLE the diaper way more than I thought in order to PUSH it down the slot . YUCK ... seemed to never work right during those middle of the night changings ... Sent this item BACK wher it came from ...
 I registered for this against the better judgement of my sister . It worked well for the first few months . Once my daughter started on solids , the smells became unbearable . The lid totally broke off and the bottom part broke off shortly after . I called Playtex almost 4 months ago for a replacement top -LRB- before the bottom broke too -RRB- and they were supposed to send me a new lid . . never happened . It 's a great idea , but the plastic is cheap & it is very difficult to replace the refills after a few changes . . My diaper genie found it 's way in the garbage and I now use a regular diaper pail that uses regular garbage bags .
 I got the diaper genie before my daughter was born . We used it for a while , but it was very hard -LRB- not to mention unpleasent -RRB- to push the diapers down . It really took some force . The bag constantly ripped . I always had to seperately bag messy diapers because when they got pushed down , some always `` escaped '' . I finally got so annoyed with it I did n't use it any more . We got the Neat system by Safety First at my daughters christening and it is wonderful ! Not nearly as much effort to get the diapers down , much nicer looking , and much better than the genie . Save your money , go with the Neat instead !
 I will make this short and bitter ... Everyone said to make sure I get a Diaper Genie so I did . Well , needless to say it was the worst thing I ever bought . It NEVER worked ! It would rip the liner bags EVERYTIME . TRhen once the liner is ripped it is a pain fishing the dirty diaper from the bottom of the container and fixing the liner again and again . I even returned the one I bought thinking it was broken ... the second one was exactly the same ! I even went to the Playtex website to make sure I was installing and using the Diaper Genie correctly ... which I was . I started asking every mom what they thought of the Diaper Genie ... They all thought the same thing!I strongly suggest to pass on the Diaper Genie and just go with a good garbage can . The Diaper Genie is not worth the money or your time!Kristen
 I got the diaper genie when my daughter was born , and since then I have warned all of my expecting friends not to buy it . What a waste of money !! At first , it really did seem to trap the diaper odors , but in emptying the diaper genie , all the trapped odors filled the room quite quickly . Emptying it was quite a process too . The blade that cuts the bag was not sharp at all , and I ended up having to use scissors every time . Also , you end up with a big long chain -LRB- kind of like sausages -RRB- of wrapped dirty diapers , which I would then have to put into a regular trash bag . It became a smelly , unpleasant task . With the price of this , plus the price of refills , I do n't see why anyone would buy it . I am having my second baby next month , and have registered for the Odor-less Diaper Pail . - No dull razors , no smelly diaper chains , no refills , no problems .
 My husband and I purchased this product , thinking it was a MUST HAVE ! since we were expecting our second child and our first never had such a thing . I think they concept is good , but it did n't work for us . . We took it apart and started over again from scratch reading the simple directions , or so it seemed .3 x and more aggrevation later , I returned the product along with the refills that we purchased . The diapers NEVER twisted in the container correctly . I would n't recommend this to anyone . . I would rather throw out the kitchen garbage 2x per day instead.Would also suggest maybe trying another diaper pail . Best of luck !
 Maybe I am just goofy ... I can not figure this thing out . I even had a girlfriend who had one show me how to use it and I still ca n't use it . It is the most complicated thing I have ever tried to use . It is currently sitting in my son 's room collecting dust.Don ' t waste your money or your friends by putting this on your gift registry !
 I do n't know if I just have n't figured this thing out yet or what , but I just ca n't get the hang of it . At first it seemed to work ok . About every third diaper would work fine , now all it does is slice the bag open . It 's been more trouble than anything , and if it does n't work after we use up the refills , I 'm giving up . Simply putting the diapers in a plastic bag and throwing it in the dumpster is easier than dealing with -LSB- diaper container -RSB- !
 I use this for less than 1 month
 I found this product too hard to use . to much time consuming trying to dispose a diaper . by the time this is full and ready to dispose diapers , dirty diapers stayed in baby 's room . found this unhealthy . I rather throw diapers in trash outside each day then to wait for Diaper Genie to get full to replace refills .
 I am a new mom and I was told by a friend of mine who has two babies to buy Diaper Genie . I did n't know by purchasing one of these trash cans , I was commiting to $ . . / month worth of refills . I am serious , you can simply use a trash can if you close the dirty diapers completely -LRB- if it is a big messy one wrap it inside another bag before trashing it . -RRB- I use grocery bags . It works perfectly . No smell in our bathroom and I do n't spend any money on refills . I returned my Genie after three months . Playtex was really good for returning it . From an experience mom
 When I was given this contraption for my first daughter 3 years ago I thought Wowsers so much better than those little diaper buckets ! But for a single mom when the refills were out , you were doomed . 6 to 7 dollars at the time just for a refill ! I hated to take the Poop Snake out too , and Heavens forbid if the plastic snagged ! The smell was icky , the snake was sometimes sticky , and the price for just the refills was tricky ! I would buy a pail that used common Dollar General 1 dollar scented trash bags !
 We are on our 2nd Genie and both have broken due to a bad hinge . We are very careful when we carry it , but after a few months , the hinge snaps . We had the old design as well as this one and both had this problem .
 Ugh . I hate this thing . It is always full . I am just kicking myself for getting this contraption . What a gimmick ! I am using the rest of my refills -LRB- which cost how much ! -RRB- and then getting something that is a bit bigger and does not require any special refills .
 This product is a pain ! The refils , fussing with installing them , the diaper sausage , the smell . It just does n't work . You are much better off with a diaper pale by Safety First or something other than this !
 this is the biggest waste of time & money . It does not lock out smells . It takes a long time to get it twisted properly , and uses a lot of bag . The refills are expensive , and you go through them fast . I would not buy one , I gave it away after one month .
 I have been in Daycare for 5 years and we used the `` old model '' that uses the pink refills . I just had my first little girl of my own and was glad to get the old model from one of my clients . The new model does not hold the smell and is difficult to use . So for all you moms if you can get your hands on one of the older ones , GET IT !!
 Originally I reviewed this item and gave it five stars based on one I owned in the mid-90 's for my second child . When I was expecting my third child it was the first item on my Amazon baby registry . Since receiving it , I could n't be more disappointed . They so drastically changed the design of this product that it was completely useless and my husband and I gave up on it within a few weeks . The original design worked exactly as promised , but the current one does not function well at all . The twisting action that is supposed to seal each diaper does not keep the diaper twisted , so the plastic liner merely untwists as soon as you stop turning it , exposing the diaper . This was the main benefit of the Diaper Genie , sealing each diaper so that odor is minimized . Without this , it 's just a fancy garbage pail with a lid.We also had a lot of trouble cutting the bags when it was time to empty the pail , the cutter on ours would not cut through the plastic lining . We had to dissect the contraption and manually cut it to remove it . The original version had a very good cutting mechanism that worked with ease most of the time.All in all , nothing on this product worked as it was supposed to , my new one is sitting in a closet unused . I was too afraid to spend good money on another fancy diaper pail that would fail me , so I am currently using a metal step trash can with a heavy lid . I sincerely apologize to those who read my original review for encouraging them to buy such a piece of junk .
 I thought this product was a must have ... boy was I wrong ! The genie drove me crazy ! The day it broke was a very happy day for us . Everytime I tried to change the bags I had to spend about 30 minutes going through the manual . It took my husband several attempts to get it all put together the 1st time and the 1st time we tried to put in the liners we wasted/ruined a whole container . And there 's nothing worse than running out of refills and having to dash to the store . I do n't even bother with a diaper pail now , I just toss diapers into plastic grocery bags , tie it off and toss it in the regular trash - or the garage trash . All in all , the genie is complicated , poorly built , and a pain !
 I do not like the diaper genie at all . I found it to be very uneasy to use . It also has an awful odor , which the adds for it claim it does not smell . I have since purchased the Diaper Champ which is much easier to use and does not have the awful smell of the diaper genie .
 We used this product with our first child for over a year . While it is relatively simple to use , it is a pain to replace the bag and also expensive . Our biggest problem though is that after a year of continuous use the thing reeked and no amount of cleaning could get rid of the smell which seemed to become one with the plastic itself . It reminded me of Jerry 's car on that Seinfeld episode . For this reason alone , I would not recommend this product .
 I was reccommended this product by someone who had one when I was registering so I did n't even look at the other options . If I had I would have realized that this is way more complicated to use and does n't hold very many soiled diapers compared to other choices . It 's also a hassle and needless expenss to have to buy special cartridges for it , esspecially when you still get the smell ... and I 'm just starting solids now so I can only imagine ! I 'm going to trust the other reviews and get a diaper champ .
 I used the diaper genie for 2 weeks but had to throw it out . It DOES smell , especially when you 're taking out a few days worth to throw away . Oh , the stench is awful . Plus you have to touch the wet smelly plastic to put into another garbage bag to throw out . I might as well have put it in a supermarket plastic bag to begin with . Just put it in , tie it up and toss away . A big waste of money !!! I ca n't say enough bad stuff about this nasty product .
 I received a Diaper Genie as a shower gift , and gave it a chance . After 8 weeks , we replaced it with a Diaper Champ , which is much better at containing odor.The problem we had with the Genie is that it is too hard to use . You 're supposed to put the diaper halfway into a neck thing , then twist twice . When we did this , about 50 % of the time , the twists would come undone , leaving the room exposed to the diaper smell . Neither my husband or I could determine how to fix this once it happened , and ended up emptying the darn thing at least daily.The Diaper Champ , however , is one-handed operation , which the Genie is not -LRB- you ca n't open the lid with one hand holding a baby and the 2nd a diaper ! -RRB- . It contains the smell incredibly well , as long as you follow the directions -LRB- fold your diapers into balls , and do n't leave smelly stuff exposed to mess up the lid -RRB- . We actually keep a small roll of diaper disposal bags for the `` blowouts '' , which we have about once a week , to keep the Champ clean . It has been a wonderful new baby tool .
 At first , I loved the Diaper Genie . I first purchased the product 5 years ago with my second child . Despite the difficulty in turning the wheel and the fact that the knife did not cut very well , it was great for my newborn . As long as I used small diapers , there was no problem in fitting a fair amount of diapers in the pail . When I started using larger diapers , I was emptying the unit , sometimes , as frequently as once a day . While I was breastfeeding , I did n't have to worry about smelly diapers . Once solids were introduced , the pail did n't work as well as needed to contain odors . It did n't stink up my room , but the closer you got to the pail , the more odorous it became . Boy , what a smelly mess it was to empty the pail . The smell permeated the plastic of the pail , and no matter what I used to clean it , the stench remained ; even after I stopped putting poopy diapers in it . The blade inside the rotating mechanism only got worse . I am guessing that was the reason that it never turned very smoothly . I am now pregnant with my third child and have not for a second considered purchasing another Diaper Genie . I will consider another product .
 This was one of my must have items before my son was born . Once I had it home , it took half an hour with the user manual to understand how to operate it . I took my husband a bit of practice to figure it out . Still I was pleased with my purchase.Then my son was born and we started using it . While the Diaper Genie does do a good job of controlling odors , it quickly became more of a frustration than a help.First of all the liners run out without warning . Not a welcome thing when you have a dirty diaper in one hand and an upset infant on the change table ! Second , the Diaper Genie wo n't twist the first three or so diapers that you put into it . Making it operate like a regular garbage can unless it was somewhat full already . Third , whenever someone else changed my son 's diaper , I had to show them `` how to operate the diaper pail '' . This got old really quickly ! Forth , when the diaper genie is emptied , the long rope of diapers comes untwisted very easily . I found that I was emptying the diapers into a regular garbage bag to compensate . And this brings me to my last point ; buying expensive refills every week or so gets old . The company claims that the refills should last for 2-4 weeks , but they do not . Diapers , wipes and other daily supplies add up quickly on thier own . Essentially I felt like I was constantly re-purchasing my diaper pail.After four months , I put this thing back in the box and put it in the garage , where it has remained for the last six months . I now use a regular garbage can with a lid that opens with a pedal . It gets emptied every day , along with all the other household trash cans.In hindsight I should have purchased the Diaper Champ because it uses regular garbage bags that have to be purchased anyways !
 I used the diaper genie with my first child and it worked okay for about a month but then it began to smell very bad even though our son 's diapers did n't smell bad because he was nursed !!! It was also hard to get the diapers to twist down once it was near full capacity . It did n't store many diapers in the first place . The diaper refills were also pretty expensive . I would not recommend this product . My husband and I are expecting our second child soon and we are going to give the Diaper Champ a try .
 When I got this as a shower gift I thought it was a great idea , but after I had to change the bag a few times I quickly changed my mind . It 's not completely smell-proof and it fills up extremely fast . Having to buy special bags is obviously a pain , especially when they 're not exactly easy to locate . The top mechanism is difficult to put back together when changing the refill . I think I 've only gotten it right once and I 've used this thing for over a year . Changing the bag takes too long so it usually goes undone and I end up using a standard pail anyway . The diaper genie prevents smells better than a standard waste pail would , but if I had n't gotten it as a gift , I would have trashed it long ago and replaced it with a diaper disposal system that , at the very least , uses standard trash bags .
 I agree with many of the reviews here . I thought I * had * to have this as a first time mother . What a waste of money ! You can only use the special bags and it takes an engineering degree to put it back together when you need to replace the `` bag cartridge '' . It also SMELLS ! It is definately NOT odor free . I would change it every day and I could not get the smell to go away ... even after hot soapy water and bleach ! Blech ! I ended up taking the diapers to the kitchen trash can and if they are the poopy variety I stick it in a plastic grocery bag , tie it off before putting it in the kitchen trash ... I do n't have an odor problem now !
 This is by far the WORST product I 've ever used ! I was so excited to get it b/c I heard that you had to have a diaper genie when you have a baby , but give me a break . When you twist the top , first of all , it never catches the plastic so I have to open it up and loosen the plastic myself . Then when you twist it a few times , once you open it up again to put another diaper in , the top either gets caught on the plastic or it cuts it when it 's not supposed to . Three of my girlfriends threw there 's out and got some of the other diaper disposals . I was very disappointed in this product . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 The diaper genie does not keep smells from coming out like they advertise . It smells just as much as any other diaper pail . Refills are over priced , and for the first 3 or 4 times you add a diaper to a newly emptied Diaper Genie , it doesnt twist right . Save your money .
 We received the Wide Opening Genie as a gift . It was a pain in the neck right from the start . The refills were a pain to figure out and we ended up wasting a large amount of the refill trying to get it working properly . -LRB- Now that we know how to use it , it is easy to work . -RRB- The refills are expensive and you end up paying a fortune to keep the Genie in `` working '' condition . My son is two months old and fills the diaper Genie up in a day or two . I ca n't imagine how quickly it will fill up when his diapers are bigger . In my opinion it would be nice if it were a bit bigger . I think a diaper pail that uses regular bags would be much easier to take to the trash than the stupid sausage . THIS WHOLE SYSTEM IS A PAIN !! The smell is ok and has n't been a problem , but then again his diapers do n't smell yet ! I would definitely check into other diaper pail options before wasting your money on this system .
 I was just telling a friend not to get this product . I used the Diaper Genie for my son for over a year and everytime I emptied it , you had to run for the hills from the odor OR you had to wear a gas mask and have a can of Lysol ready to spray . I agree with most reviewers - unless you have the diaper just right between the clips , it falls to the bottom and then the bag is open . If you do get it just right , it is easy to operate . Next time around , I am just getting a plain garbage can , a Stick Up to reduce odors , and will empty the bag more often . Not worth the money for the pail and the refills . And do n't get me started on getting the first notch of plastic out of the refill ...
 The Diaper Genie is overrated ! It is difficult and clumsy to use , from initial set-up to tying off the bag and preparing it for future use . It fills up very fast , and the refills are expensive . My cousin has the diaper champ , which is much easier , bigger , and can use regular kitchen trash bags . The only reason the Diaper Genie is more popular is because it is more heavily advertised than the Diaper Champ .
 EVERYONE told me how I HAD to get the diaper genie when I was pregnant with my son . It is an interesting concept , however , changing the refill is no easy task -LRB- the plastic ring warps , making it hard to put back in and the refills are expensive -RRB- . When my son was a `` newborn '' , it worked `` ok '' in the odor control department since he was only breastfed and his `` messy '' diapers were n't that smelly , however , now that he 's 7 months old and on solid foods , you can smell the pail from the hallway when it is in his room . I tried everything under the sun to deoderze the pail , but it has an old dirty diaper smell to it constantly , even when empty . I even tried the toddler refills . Also , when we first brought him home , we went through a lot of wet diapers with him , and the genie only held so many newborn diapers , so I was emptying it every other day . Now , with size 3 diapers , I find I have to empty it every day ...
 Prior to parenthood , I had heard several parents rave about this product , but even my tempered expectations were not prepared for the disappointments with this product . After using a Diaper Genie for a year I am shocked by the popularity of this product . Everything about it , including the design , the manufacturing , and the accessories , are a big disappointment . Furthermore , the product is clearly designed to `` give away the razor to sell you the razor blades . '' The initial product seems moderately priced , but their profit really comes from the high-priced refills , which are little more than thin plastic bags which sell for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- or more.DesignThe lid is not child-proof as advertised . My toddler has been able to flip it open since he was old enough to stand up -LRB- age 1 -RRB- . There is nothing even remotely child-proof about the lid . The top of the Genie is an over-complicated , somewhat fragile lid-within-a-lid , which my wife and all of our babysitters find confusing to use when replacing refills . It took me 15-20 minutes the first time I did it -LRB- I 'm an engineer -RRB- , so since I now have the expertise , the Genie goes unused until I can refill it . From an engineering standpoint , the Genie appears designed to dispense the maximum amount of plastic wrap possible while allowing as much odor to escape the unit as possible , thereby encouraging you to refill the unit frequently.ManufacturingAs other users have reported , the plastic of which the Genie is made of ABSORBS odors , causing the unit to PERMANENTLY stink after about 6 months . I have washed it with everything I could think of , including bleach , to no avail . The thin plastic tab holding the bottom door tight broke off in the first few weeks , so I jury-rigged it . The plastic lid does not even attempt to be air-tight , allowing odors to escape easily from inside the unit.AccessoriesThe fundamental purpose of the Genie is to seal dirty diapers in a plastic wrap , with twists in between each diaper . First , the Genie only holds 12-15 dirty diapers from a 1 yr old , not the `` up to 25 '' advertised . Second , the plastic is so thin that ALL odors pass through it . While the plastic does seal the diapers from leaking , the odors pass right through . The plastic is of incredibly cheap quality and thickness , nowhere close to the quality of good outdoor plastic garbage bags . The plastic has been scented with a scent I find repulsive . The refills , which are only available from Playtex , are sold at a huge markup from their actual cost , and only 5 refills cost more than the entire unit itself.ConclusionIf I believed in conspiracy theories , I might think the Diaper Genie was a cynical attempt by Playtex to get parents to consume expensive refills as fast as possible . At the very least , it is a horrible product which is a complete waste of money . You will be wise to save your money , just buy some thick outdoor garbage bags and an inexpensive metal garbage can with a lid , and you 'll have a much more effective , inexpensive Diaper Genie of your own .
 I had the diaper genie for 14 months and just couldnt take it anymore . I thought at first it was a must have and had to have it . What I was thinking was beyond me.I read the other reveiws and was in fact using it properly . Some reveiws say it was to difficult to use . I took right to it without a problem . So it isnt that it wasnt being used properly it just doesnt do what is says it does.In the beginning it was fine till I started to notice a faint smell that just would not go away . As my Son got older the smell got worse and worse.If your looking for a diaper pail pass this one by . Save your time and money . The smell alone isnt worth it . As your child gets older the refills go a lot quicker . Also consider that in the beginning you buy 2 refills at a time . Then realize that wont do cause you run out when you need them most so then you start buying 5 at a time . Thats a lot of money on refills alone . I have found them for less but to me a dollar or so savings isnt a savings considering your buying bags to fill a product that smells and doesnt do its job . I wish I would have done more research on this product before adding it to my Baby Registry.I do have to add that I dont even use the genie anymore and IT STILL SMELLS ! I tried washing it with no luck . Its going out with this weeks trash.If your looking to buy a diaper pail Go check out the other reveiws and see which one is rated # 1 . The genie isnt it . I have since bought the DIAPER CHAMP !! and it works great ! NO SMELL AND NO REFILLS !!
 I * had * to have this when I was pregnant , thinking it was the one necessity . My mom said `` that 's the most ridiculous thing I 've ever seen ; what a waste of money . '' I chalked it up to her general party-pooping personality . Guess what ? I hate it , and have n't used it in months . Instead , the diapers get put on the changing table til the baby is dressed , then I carry it to the kitchen trash . Please do n't buy this , it 's such a waste.First , the bags are special refills ; you ca n't just use regular trash bags . Second , it just does n't hold the smell out . As soon as you open it , you get treated to the stench of 30 diapers . Even when it 's been emptied , it still reeks . It 's just too complicated to put a diaper in there when you have a squirming baby on the table , and it hardly holds anything so you 're constantly having to change the refill . As if you do n't have enough to do as a mom , the last thing you want to do is have to deal with the million steps it takes to change the refill.I so wish I had a hands-free pail , that takes a regular garbage bag . Worst part ? My mom was right * again * .
 I tried it , and could n't hate it more !! Who wants to put their hand down into a diaper pail , then turn the thing to seal smell in , and later have to empty a long line of sausage-links ? I had a mess every time I emptied the dumb thing.I bought the Diaper Champ instead , the best thing I ever did . It 's SO easy , and no paying for special refill bags - you use your own trash bags . I HIGHLY recommend this instead !!
 Need I say more ? Starting the `` sausages '' was really hard and they ended up just getting into a big lump . With a newborn you go through so many diapers you end up using about 1-2 refills a week and I could n't afford that with everything else a newborn needs . When it did start ok it did keep the smell minimal . Oh , there also was n't anywhere to put wipes after you closed the diaper up and put it in the thing so you end up putting it in the trash where it smells ... If you have the time and energy to change the refills at 2am then go for it . My experience is you either love it or hate it . I hate it .
 I was given a Genie as a gift as well as a Diaper Champ . The Genie was sort of difficult to reload , took special refills , was not always a one-handed motion -LRB- did n't always twist over the used diaper properly -RRB- , was sort of low to the ground to deal with if I had baby in my arms , and needed to be emptied too soon . The Diaper Champ on the other hand takes my regular kitchen trash bags -LRB- cheaper than a genie refill -RRB- , was super easy to reload , always used a one handed motion , was a bit higher off the ground and just all around easier to use . Even if you think the Genie is an easy product to use , you 'll find the Champ makes the Genie suddenly appear complicated . Needless to say after 3 months of using both products we gave the Genie away to let someone else figure out if they like it . It 's better than nothing at all after all .
 Bought it , now never use it . Refills are too much of a pain and it stank up the room whenever we opened it .
 I tried the diaper genie at a friends house and you could smell all the old diapers when the unit was operated . So we decieded to get the diaper champ instead . The great thing is it actually works and you do not need to buy any specific refill .
 This is the worst item i have . It requires too much work and is a pain to operate . We have come to the conclusion that we need something that will keep the smell out and any one with do . The twisting just waste paper . It is hard to use and a waste of money . I wish i had never gotten one for my babyshower . I was told by several people that it is a waste of money . buyer be ware
 I heard lots of stories and read lots of reviews about the diaper genie . I put it on my baby registry and just had to have it . So , after receiving it as a shower gift , I could n't wait to use it . I enjoyed it the first few times , but found that it was becoming more of a pain and inconvenience than I needed . It filled up quickly in the first couple of days and I could n't imagine going through the emptying process or replacing of the film all the time . I have realized that it 's a lot easier and a lot less expensive to use plastic ziploc sandwich baggies or freezer storage bags , which can hold up to 6 dirty diapers , while also locking in the smell . If I had the box for the diaper genie system , I would gladly return it to the store , as I have only used it a handful of times and do n't plan on using it again . The money would have been better spent on something else .
 In my opinion , this product is a huge waste of money . Sure , it 's odor free until you go to empty it . If you do n't empty the container outside , then your whole house will smell for hours . The refills are expensive . And it does n't work like it is supposed to for the first few diapers inserted . I used it for my first child , but with my second child I left this thing in the basement and got the odorless diaper pail instead . I like it much better .
 I got the diaper genie as a gift and I have to say I am really disappointed . If you want a place to put the diapers , this is fine . If you want a place to put diapers that will also keep the room from smelling bad , do n't get this product . Not only could I still smell the crap in the diapers , but the genie refills were scented , and the smell makes me sick . It seems like the makers tried to make it smell good , but it just smells like a tacky candle . I had to move it into the guest bathroom because it made my sons room stink , and now the bathroom stinks . I am in the process of looking for something else.Not only was it not good for odors , but it was also tough to empty . The way it works is that it has this thing on the lid that you twist to seal off each individual diaper . Then when it is full , you twist the lid and hold down a button that activates a razor that is suppose to cut the bag . The button is really hard to hold down , and in the year that I have owned it I have never had it actually cut all the way through the bag . I have always ended up using scissors . Then when it does cut it , the bag drops down into the genie , and unwraps the diaper that you just sealed . and then you end up putting the diaper back in and tying a knot in it , which is no big deal , except the fact that you have to tough the bags and then your hand smells like cheap potpurri all day long.Please dont buy this product . I am trying to find another one .
 Please do n't buy a diaper genie -- I have bought two and it sucks !! It works fine but when it is time to change the refill it does n't work the way it came when I first bought it . I can get the stupid thing to turn plus you have to stick your hand all the way down in the can and then turn it -- too much trouble . Buy a diaper champ -- works better
 I hate this product , and I mean that ! I have gone through three of them in a two year period , my son is just about two . I have called playtex about the problems that I have had , they did not seemed to concered about it , would not even send me replacements , well done , I told everyone how much I HATE my GENIE . The smell , is unbearable , just as well use a regular garbage pail . The liners always have tears in them , that is how the smell gets out . My first one , the top broke off during our first month , took it back , got our second one , with that one , the turner that cuts the bags had broken off , Playtex sent me a whole nother genie , took about a month for it to come though , and my third one , the top broke off of it too . That was it , I had it . I do day care in my home so I change about thirty diapers a day , and the smell was just knocking me out , until I found the Diaper Champ , which knocked the diaper genie out of the water . The product was just great . No smell yet , and remember thirty diapers a day ! I urge you , I know that people are familar with the diaper genie , but the genie is a thing of the past , the DIAPER CHAMP is the parents champ . Please check it out before buying the diaper genie and regretting it later .
 I absolutely HATE this thing ! I do n't even use it anymore . I hate it so much that I would n't even give it away ! After reading that it was decent in Baby Bargains -LRB- my baby bible -RRB- , I bought it . The cutting mechanism rarely works and it 's just generally inconvenient . Spend the extra $ 5 on one of the competitors , I 'm going to .
 It took us about 10 diaper changes to realize we were turning the part that cuts the plastic , not twists it . I have at least 5 friends who did the same thing . I think it 's a pain to change the refill too . When we ran out of refills I stopped using it . I does keep the smell down with the lid closed . I think it 's just as easy to throw # 1 diapers in the trash and tie poopy diapers in a plastic shopping bag and throw them in the trash outside .
 This thing is a waste of money . It fills up too fast and the refills are expensive . I recommend the Diaper Champ . You do n't have to use any special bags , just regular trash bags , and it holds a lot more diapers . Stay away from the Diaper Genie . It sounds neat but it 's not . It 's annoying .
 It 's a neat idea ... the problem is ... the replacement bags cost too much and do n't justify the convenience . Honestly , my husband and I use the plastic bags that the daily newspaper comes in . They are slim and hold about 7-10 diapers . At the end of the day , we toss them out into the garage ... end of story . If you really need this kind of doodad , there is another type out there where you can use your own plastic bag ... that 's much better than this deal .
 Everyone I know who is a new parent has one of these things . They also have given up on it after a while . I do n't know anyone that actually bought it for themselves ... it 's always a registry gift , or a hand-me-down . It 's a nice concept , but it does n't use regular bags , and you have to shove your hand along with the poopy diaper into it . That alone was enough for me to switch to the Champ !
 Does not keep odors out ! While nursing the diapers do not smell bad and the Diaper Genie was great . When my baby got on solids , the Diaper Genie was SMELLY ! I would walk into my baby 's room thinking he had a dirty diaper when in fact it was the Diaper Genie ! I did n't have problems with changing the refills , just with the BAD ODOR . I tried using Baking Soda and Lysol , but the odor will not go away ! A few co-workers told me they had the same problem and had to get rid of theirs . I want my money back !
 This thing was horrible and while I got it as a gift and did n't have to buy it myself , I wish I had known it was so useless and I would 've returned it for something else . It 's so hard to start and the directions do n't help at all . My husband and I asked 6 other people to help and see if they could do it , but no one could !! We have ended up just using a regular trash barrel .
 This was a nightmare to assemble . I do n't like buying the refills and it fills up FAST.I broke the hinges trying to refill it the first time.I will try the ... next time - you can use your own bags . : -RRB-
 I bought this because I was told how wonderful it was , but when I started looking at costs of refills etc. . . I returned it . I am breastfeeding and BF soiled diapers do n't really smell very strong so I saw no added value in this gadget . PLus we use both cloth and disposables and this just simply would n't work for us .
 I think this product is a waste of time and money . All the twisting and cutting and emptying and adding refills . It 's easier to use a regular trashcan with an air freshner . As for the smell factor , the diaper genie does mask the smell of newborn diapers but toddler diapers are a different story , those need to go outside or to the garage trash immediately . It may be a great product for the one baby household but for anyone with two or more children in diapers -LRB- I had twin newborns and a toddler -RRB- , it 's not worth the effort .
 I fell for all the hype too . Thought it would be a great idea . My husband and I sat down and messed with this thing over and over trying to get the twisting mechanism to work without squishing a diaper in our hand . Nasty . Not sure about the smell thing , we just tried it with plain diapers first to see if it worked ok . I returned it 2 days after I bought it . We went back to the store and bought a covered garbage can and keep it in the bathroom . Between the mechanism not twisting properly and the bags never sealing or cutting it was more time consuming than helpful .
 When I was pregnant with my first child , everyone insisted that I must have a diaper genie and talked about how wonderful it was . I found the product did not live up to the hype . First of all , it never hid the odor of the diaper . You could still smell a strong odor of dirty diaper in my daughter 's room . Second , the mechanism to cut the plastic bags when you are ready to dispose of the diapers never worked properly . Finally , the top of the diaper genie broke off after only a few months and would constantly fall off . I was not at all happy with this product and will buy a different brand to replace this one .
 Out of the box , literally nothing on this product has worked . The product documentation was missing , the product had to be forced to open -LRB- and clearly had been forced together during manufacturing -RRB- , the trash insert deally was not installed properly ... Playtex could have only missed the mark further by failing to put the product in the box at all . On second thought , that may have been an improvement.What 's truly frustrating , however , is the design of the product . While the idea is somewhat clever , it simply does n't work that well . My main complaint
 We purchased this for our newborn just 3 weeks ago and threw it out within the first week , it is terrible , very confusing , we even tried to use it with a new refill pack and it did not turn ! I bought the Dekor pail and it is awesome highly recommed it !
 I 've read the good and bad reviews , and I have to agree with everything bad . This product is a waste . Oh , I figured out how to use it , and I did realize that I had to clean it . -LRB- I am not a moron just because I had a bad experience with the diaper genie . -RRB- But it does smell , and it does unravel for the first few diapers . And when you are trying to keep your cold crying child on the changing table in between diapers , do you really need to try to figure out how to throw the old one away ? Why should it be difficult ? You have one goal to accomplish , and that is putting on a fresh diaper and snuggling your baby . Do n't waste your time with this product . Who needs that frustration at 3:00 am ?
 I agree with the other negative reviews on this item ... it stinks , literally & figuratively !!!!!!! It 's just not worth the hassle !!!!!
 When I was pregnant with my first child over 7 years ago , I thought this was a necessity . I learned very quickly how inconvenient the item really was . First of all you have to use specific disposable bags with it unlike similar products that you can just use any small trash bag -LRB- which is much more convenient and economical -RRB- . After attempting to stuff diapers into this unit and becomming tired of the fight in the middle of the night , I purchased a safety first model that could be used with a regular small size trash bag . I liked the safety 1st model SO much better . However , now that I am on baby number 3 , I have learned that my upright step open aluminum trash can -LRB- which is sleek and stylish as well -RRB- works better than anything to hold the diapers and keeps the baby 's room from the unwanted odors . It locks in any odor there may be and it is SO convenient . Hope you all learn something from this . Good luck !
 Do not waste your money on this Chinese junk bed . Totally fell apart within a few months ! Again DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP !!!!
 My child John kept chewing on it so i had to return so avoid it !
 I never write reviews but this time I have to be fair to other parents ... this is the worst baby monitor ! Do n't buy it :-LRB- . . it is cheap so you may go by that like I did and it is not worth it . . you will have to buy a different one anyway and spend more money.It almost allways have static . . constant static that I ca n't hear my baby . Sometimes the static stops but it is random . I have moved it to other places in the house and it is the same problem : s.I had a different brand first but then we moved houses and I lost one piece of the monitor and I had to buy this `` Safety 1st '' one . . I so miss my old one , I am actually in Amazon right now to buy it -LRB- Graco imonitor Vibe -RRB- . Regards , Yellow
 I ordered this monitor to replace one that we misplaced when we traveled to my in-law 's house . I got it and set it up , and it did n't even work ! I spent hours on the phone with the Safety 1st costumer service , who told me it was probably my Wi-Fi that was interfering with it . Really ?!? Do n't you think it would be a problem to sell a monitor that does n't work if you have Wi-Fi ? Also , there was no static or anything . I shut down the Wi-Fi and tried again , still no luck . It was just defective . I contacted the seller through Amazon and they did give me a refund . If you get a defective one like I did , do n't try to work with their customer service ! It will just infuriate you ! I guess I 'll go buy a different monitor now .
 The product is of poor quality and does not work well . You hear a lot of static that can not hear the baby well . I do not recommend buying it .
 The buzzing sound was so loud on this baby monitor that I could not hear the baby at all . I tried different positions for the receiver and monitor but no luck . Do n't waste your time with this product .
 I bought this monitor on Saturday to replace one that suddenly stopped working . The low battery light -LRB- new 9 volt battery -RRB- is already on only days later . I can barely hear my son because of how much static there is . One channel is worse that the other . We live right downtown , so maybe there are other devices interfering ? Whatever the reason , I will be returning this product .
 I ca n't comment on how clear the monitor might be or any level of interference . When I saw that it was n't as advertised I packed it up to return without even plugging it in . I bought directly from Amazon , but received a different model from what is pictured -LRB- not sure if it is an older or newer model , the instructions were printed in 2009 and the packaging was different than what is pictured on Amazon and other websites -RRB- . Here is where Amazon 's description differs from the product I received . The online description -LRB- as of 8/1/2011 -RRB- mentions `` can also be used with TWO 9-volt batteries '' and `` low battery indicators LIGHTS '' . I took this to mean that both the baby monitor and the parent handset were capable of being plugged in with battery backup . They are not , only the parent handset is capable of battery backup . If the power goes out , the monitor just stops working .
 We bought this for our toddler , hoping to have a simple monitor that we could use to know when she was awake after nap and in the morning . Unfortunately , the parents ' unit buzzes so loudly that it was almost impossible to hear anything that was going on in the room . The monitor has two channels , and the buzzing was the same on both channels . To keep the buzzing at a reasonable level , I had to turn the volume down so much that I could n't hear anything happening in her room , even with the monitor at my ear . We returned this and are going to be looking for a better quality monitor .
 This monitor is loud ! It gets the job done , but there 's a lot of white noise that comes off this thing .
 You get what you pay for ... For $ 17 you should not expect a lot . It does its job , but with quite some statics in the background . It 's working OK for me , but I regret not spending some more for a better quality monitor .
 We ordered this as our 2nd monitor . We did n't want to spend much because it 's for an older child who wo n't need it for long . When we tested it , I could hear my husband in the other room , but only static over the monitor . It was the worst quality sound possible . We even tried every outlet in the room , in case something was interfering with it . We also unplugged our other monitor -LRB- 5 years old and still goin strong ! -RRB- , but nothing made the static any better . We are returning this worthless product . The rooms are close enough that we can hear my child better without the terrible static !
 I was hopeful that we would have lucked out with this product , given the number of positive reviews . However , we found this monitor to be terrible after such a short use . There is a lot of background noise . To test a theory , I went into the room and talked directly into the base -- it does not register at all on the monitor . So , we 're shopping around for a new , better one . Definitely do n't waste your money on this .
 The monitor is not clear , I heard all backgrounds sounds but not my daughter , unless she was high pitched crying . . Can not rest easy at night , bought new item .
 This monitor is awful . Do not waste your money . It certainly is n't `` crystal clear . '' I ca n't hear my son in the next room . Often times I will wake up to another family waking up . How awkward .
 This Monitor gets BAD interference ! Very buzzy with static ! I would not recommend it . I gave it 2 stars because it 's super affordable ... but you do n't want to buy it unless you really do n't mind the interference and constant buzz .
 The reciever wo n't stand up , it falls over easily , so you have to lay it on it 's side . I 'm continually having to play with the on switch to get the static to stop . It is hard to determine the volume because there are no clear marks on the dial . Even after you get everything set the clarity is weak . Spend a few extra dollars and get something better .
 I received this monitor as a gift , so it was basically free . I HATE it though , it eats through batteries like crazy . I have to change it every three to four days , and we really do n't use the battery option much . It stays plugged in all night long . It 's full of static and the volume control is difficult to manipulate . I like to have it turned down really low so I can only hear my two month old wake up , I do n't want to hear his snoring or breathing all night long . But there is no in between setting , it 's either turned up all the way , or down too low to hear crying . It is flimsy and difficult to get the receiver to stand alone -LRB- it tends to fall over -RRB- . I want to spend the money and purchase a better unit , that 's why I 'm browsing the internet for monitors right now .
 This monitor is super sensitive and does pick up even the smallest sounds in our daughter 's room , but the receiver also picks up a radio station . It is very annoying , particularly at night , so we are going to try another brand .
 I got it because of it 's price and good reviews , but it 's not good at all.Cons :1 -RRB- Very noisy . Last thing I want to do when I put my baby to sleep is listen to it buzz . I did n't think it would be a big deal , but after being a mother for almost 2 years , the noise is really getting on my nerves ! After chasing my son around I just want silence ! 2 -RRB- I once forgot to turn it on in the baby 's room , and only remembered to turn on the microphone - my baby was crying for hours , and I did n't hear him ! There is no built-in mechanism to notify you of that mistake ! Maybe a light that would flash warning you that the other part of the monitor is not on .3 -RRB- There are 2 channels that you can use . If ch .1 is chosen on a microphone , same channel should be selected in the receiver . The issue is that there is no clear indication which channel you select . Due to where the switch is located , your hand might slide to far to the side , accidentally activating ch .2 instead of 1 , or the other way around . If you do that mistake , again - you 'll miss your baby crying.Pros :1 -RRB- Like the belt clipWould not buy it again . Next time , I 'd pay a lot more for a silent monitor that would last 2-3 years.Gave it 2 starts because the technology works , but it 's very noisy and not reliable by design . Ironically it 's called Safety 1st .
 We registered for this item because we were looking for a simple baby monitor -- we did n't need a super high-tech gadget . We received this item as a gift more than 30 days before our child was born and well before she started sleeping in her own room . When she was one month old , we decided to hook up the monitor and have her start sleeping in her crib . This monitor was terrible ! There was a constant static sound but it was not a consistent sound ; it would get louder at random times and even covered the sound of our baby when she would wake up . Not good ! My husband said he could have gotten a $ 5 child 's walkie talkie and hooked that up and it would have worked better . When I tried to return the item , explaining it was received as a gift , Baby Haven would not accept it since it had been more than 30 days since the purchase . I pointed out that we did n't even need it/use it until 30 days after our child was born , but they refused to accept the return and issue even a credit through their store.I do not recommend this item and I definitely would advise against registering for it since the return policy is not conducive to those who receive it as a gift .
 It worked for several months , but the power plug got loose , and does n't work any more . The price is good compare with other monitors , but I expect it to last longer ...
 FIRST OFF there are no pros to this monitor . It is the worse monitor out there . All you can hear is complete static , no mater the distance . My 3 year old always plays when she should be sleeping , she has even picked this monitor up and played with it but still I could n't hear anything else besides static . I am NEVER able to hear either child of mine make any kind of sound EVEN if it 's right next to their bed . I would rather use this as target practice that ever depend on it for anything .
 It worked pretty godd until the reciver fell a short distance to the rug floor and stop working clear reception ! Junked it . Never buy again . Bought a better one for $ 10 more !!
 I received the crystal clear monitor as a gift and it worked well for about a month and now we nothing but interferance and static.Also the 9 volt battery for the partents end of the monitor dies within a few hours , so now I have to go buy one with more megahertz ; any sugestions .
 We bought this monitor because we needed another one for our second baby . It did NOT work at all . I thought that originally it was because the first monitor we had -LSB- also a Safety 1st brand -RSB- was interfering with the wavelengths and causing the static . Definitely NOT the case , I 've tried it without the first monitor on and it 's still filled with a ton of static . Yes , I 've tried switching channels and checking to make sure they were on the same channel , and all that fancy stuff . -LSB- Our family is big a tech stuff , so BELIEVE ME , I 've tried everything . -RSB- Nothing works , this monitor is pure trash . Try it if you want , you may be one of the lucky ones , but I prefer our more expensive one -LSB- in the $ 50 range -RSB- , and plan on finding one similar to it -LSB- it 's now considered an `` older '' model -RSB- . It really is CRYSTAL CLEAR , and works like a charm . -LSB- Plus the more expensive one has a nightlight option , controlled by touch , and it has two receivers . It 's worth the money , THIS ONE IS NOT . -RSB-
 It is not crystal clear at all ! If have it up where you can hear the baby then the static on the parent end is really bad . I end up having to turn the parent unit down and then that defeats the purpose of having a monitor as I can barely hear the baby .
 We thought this monitor was great at first . A month later we were having trouble with the receiver . It would get so much static that you could n't stand it . You would have to literally squeeze the receiver to keep it from giving you static , and nothing else . Then , finally , the cord to the receiver stopped working . We were going through basically a battery every two nights . We still have n't found anything to replace it . Luckily our son 's room is directly across from ours , so we just leave his door open now . We bought a replacement of the same type when it first started acting up , thinking that it was just the one we had . The replacement did n't work at all . So , we 'll be searching for a new one in a different brand .
 I got this monitor for free , and I 'm sure glad I did n't pay for it . It frequently starts putting out white noise even when the receiver is n't moving . Our phones interfere with it as does my breast pump , and you have to make sure you 're a good distance away from the transmitting unit or you get loud feedback . We 've even gotten small feedback if the receiver is in the kitchen directly below the transmitter in the bedroom above . The Fisher-Price monitor that flashes lights is much , much better and does n't seem to get interference from anything .
 Save your money and do n't buy this monitor . When we lived in our apartment , the static drove us crazy ! Now that we are in our house , the static is much better but the monitor only functions when it feels like it . We 've owned it for 9 months and it simply does n't work well anymore . You have to jiggle the plug part on the transmitter just right for it to transmit . You have to play with the volume control on the receiver to get it to pick up anything at all . Although , until we had these problems , I was happy with its sensitivity -LRB- I could hear my son breathing -RRB- and its range -LRB- I could be out in the yard with it -RRB- . I 'm very disappointed and am online looking for a new monitor .
 You can barely hear your baby with all the static , I 've tried various areas for a `` clearer '' sound and it has never been clear , as a matter of fact it seems to be getting worse . My baby is now almost 4 months old and I 've had to give up on this monitor - looking for a new one .
 We loved this monitor for the first month we used it . Then , for no apparent reason , it stopped working . Getting through to the customer service phone number was incredibly difficult and they never responded to my customer service inquiry on their Web-site . I 'm still trying to get them to honor their warranty - I 've been trying for over two months now.It does go through batteries quickly , but you can also just plug it into a wall outlet .
 Except for the fact that this is priced really low , I could not find any other reason for getting this monitor . It was a good thing that we got it as a gift . After using it , we thought of keeping our Fisher Price monitor in the registry.Some of the problems with this monitor are : - generally flimsy construction . - lack of a clip or a flat base on both receiver and monitor . Makes it really difficult to place it somewhere . - because of the level of white noise you have to keep the volume up quite high - since there is no visual indicator of the noise level , you have no option but to listen to the hissing and strain hard to hear if it was your baby crying.I think the Fisher Price models are a much better option .
 I got this product as a baby shower gift because it had the `` extended range of 400 feet '' so I could easily walk my dog while the baby was sleeping in the apartment . But I cant get past the front door with out the thing going static crazy and buzzing !! Also at night when my 7 month old daughter is sleeping the reciever in my bedroom lets out this squeal that makes you turn it off and back on for it to go away . Also only one channel works . Dont even spent the money -LRB- little that it is -RRB- to get this product . You will loose sleep , not get the security and sound sleep you need ...
 We received this monitor for free and I can see why ... it 's worthless . All we can hear from this thing is static . Too bad I ca n't rate this thing less than 1 star .
 I hate this monitor . Only one of the channels on it seems to work and I pick up more static than anything else . Every once in a while when the stars are aligned it will work , but for the most part it picks up more background noise then baby noise and I have to keep moving it around to find a position where it does n't have tons of background static . It likes to work from some rooms of my house but not others -LRB- even if you have the reciever in the next room -RRB- . I would never buy this again . Save your money .
 I purchased two of these monitors . One works well . The other stopped working within a few hours
 I bought these monitors because I wanted a portable , battery-operated option for travel outside the United States where the electrical currency is different and using AC adaptors would require an additional gadget . It turns out the baby unit does n't take batteries and can only be used with the AC adapter -- which pretty much defeats my purpose . This was n't clear on the packaging , which marketed the adapters as accessories .
 This is the worse . The volume level is terrible . It 's almost as if you need to put the receiver to your ear like headphones to hear anything . I definitely would like to have a refund for this crap !
 2 choices with this monitor1 -RRB- turn up volume so room filled with static noise , but you can hear baby when it crys2 -RRB- turn down volume so not such loud static , but can not hear baby.terrible . returning immediately .
 The unit , as received , was barely able to pick up sound . I opened the transmitter unit and found that the transmitter unit had been assembled before the glue that holds the microphone in place had dried . The microphone had slipped out of its mounting hole and was glued in sideways . I glued the microphone into the mounting hole facing forward in the mounting hole , and now it works right.Be sure you unplug the transmitter before you take it apart to fix it .
 We got this monitor as a gift from our baby registry . We wanted a simple monitor without bells and whistles - just good clear sound . When the monitor works , the clarity is good , but we constantly lose reception with the base and get static . Sometimes we ca n't get it to work at all . We contacted the Safety 1st adn they blew us off . Save your time and money - buy a different monitor .
 We were given this monitor as a baby shower gift . It worked great for the first month , but now the transmitter -LRB- baby 's end -RRB- does not work . We keep our end plugged into an AC outlet at all times . The lack of portability aspect makes this monitor a not good choice . Other reviews mention great reception , but we never got a great reception . The static that ours picked up often made it very hard to hear our daughter . The monitor gives you different channel options but both were staticy ... even if the parent 's end was a room away . I ended up getting a 900MHz monitor because it had a greater distance that it worked . I often mow the lawn or rake leaves while my daughter is sleeping so I needed it to have a larger radius that it worked .
 I bought this product looking as lot of + ve reviews . Just on opening the package and putting Base unit beside Baby Crib and other unit in living room -LRB- just 10 feet from kids room -RRB- , I started getting background noise . On reducing distance b/w Base unit and other unit this sound goes away . Tried placing in different rooms and changing both bands but the background noise keeps coming on increasing distance greater then 10 feet . This noise was pretty annoying , hence immediately returned the equipment back . If this background noise is not there , then it is OK equipment as the base unit picks up baby or any small noise pretty well .
 We tried this out , hoping that it was n't too good to be true for the price . Sadly , it was too good to be true . Nothing but static from both channels . I could hear something very faintly , but it was no match for the static . We 're going to try and spend a little more for something that actually works .
 I used this monitor for about six months . It functions well for the price , has a decent range , and even survived a few drops . I am replacing it today because the roar of static it produces is slowly driving me insane . You will be able to hear your child over the static , but you might go crazy listening for your grandmother 's voice from beyond the grave . When I 'm walking around using the belt clip I feel like I 'm playing silent hill . Spend a few dollars on something better .
 I bought this for us to be able to hear my daughter when we went outside for a smoke break . It worked at first , but when we moved her to her own room it stopped working . Not going to buy this monitor again .
 it does its job , but it looks cheap and poor finish , has a lot of noise and any electrical device can interfere with it
 I bought a cheap monitor used before this one because I 'm cheap , so this is a cheap person 's review . This one had rave reviews and the right price so I bought it . My last one had to be deciphered like a trucker on a cb and my husband made me give it up . So I bought this one.I love that is hardly staticky on the right channel - very quiet . And a huge range , even with my big yard . I love that you can plug in the receiver end so at night you do n't waste batteries . It 's also light and easy to carry and I even dropped it in the pool once and let it dry before putting the battery back in and it still works.BUT - it eats 9 volts batteries like Godzilla eats Tokyo . One , _ maybe _ two days per battery -LRB- Godzilla on a diet ? -RRB- . Seriously ? It is for shame . I buy them now at the dollar store because I 'm too cheap for a new monitor , but at 1.50 a week or more I feel like I 'm on an installment plan with this thing . Rechargeables maybe and I 'd feel like less of a bad person , but this is suck .
 We bought this because we wanted something really cheap . Well , you get what you pay for ! Basically It works its purpose but the static is unstandable . It even wakes up the baby at times when the receiver is on the other side of the house . It interferes with everything electric in the house , even when put close to a light switch . Do n't drop it , it will break in little pieces.Even too expensive for the quality . It should be worth just under $ 5 . It works , with lots of static and it 's crap . If you do n't mine , then buy it.You will hear your baby .
 The monitor started out okay , but after about a month it began having so much static that it was difficult to hear the baby over the noise . Also , it is so frustrating to have to listen to all of the noise coming from the monitor -LRB- despite having very few electrical appliances and no new appliances to cause interference -RRB- that we are tempted not to use it at all . After 3-1/2 months of light to moderate use , it is so useless that we are now in the market for a new monitor .
 We got this as a shower gift for our son . We can hear him but there is so much interference that I need to turn it up to a pretty loud volume and the interference would keep me up at night ! We are definitely buying a different monitor for our next child !
 There is simply too much feedback noise that comes through this monitor . So when I am trying to sleep and the baby is not making noise , there is still this constant loud hum from the monitor . I tried to use it once and ended up returning it .
 Based on the reviews I read -LRB- after the fact ... Murphy 's Law -RRB- , I can see that after ten years , Safety 1st STILL has n't gotten this cheapo right on a regular basis . MAJOR static problems ! This is WORTHLESS , but I did n't find that out until I could n't return it . Pay more and get something that works well or risk getting something barely usable ... and GREATLY annoying .
 We bought two of these monitors , one for each child 's room since our bedroom is just a floor below their rooms . My husband said it sounded like Chewbacca was in our room . Halfway through the night I ended up going upstairs and sleeping on the floor of my 3 month old 's room because neither my husband nor I was getting any sleep and I did n't want to have to wake up my baby and move him . We returned both and bought the digital monitor by safety first . The digital moniter is twice the price but works amazing !!! No background noise at all . We can even hear the crickets on the digital monitor from our son 's open bedroom window it is so clear . Do n't waste your time on this one , spend the money and get the digital version !
 We bought this monitor and could only hear the louder sounds our daughter made over a droning buzz that varied in volume depending on where we set down the receiver . The instruction manual listed the company 's product support number , so we called . A very helpful operator immediately asked if we had wireless Internet . We told her we did and she said that was likely the problemIn order to get a clear signal with the wireless router running , we would have to purchase a > 900 MHz digital monitor . As we spend a lot of time near our computers , we opted to return the unit and get another one .
 This monitor only works if placed one foot away from the sound source . IE , it needs to be about a foot away from your baby or child for you to hear anything . In addition , even when it does work , it is extremely static-y . You will hear LOUD static . If you turn the volume down , so that you hear less static , then you will NOT hear anything from your baby or child 's room . Awful . I ca n't believe they even sell this product .
 This monitor does pick up sound in the baby 's room well . However , it has so much background static noise that I could never use it when sleeping as it would keep me awake due to the constant ` hum ' of the parent unit . I bought it due to the great review on this website and was very disappointed . If you want something to use when you as a parent are awake and do n't care about the constant hum/static going on the whole time this is a good cheap monitor that lets you hear baby . If you want something with no background static or hum for use when you are sleeping , but want to hear baby when he cries this is NOT the monitor for you . We ended up buying theGraco iMonitor Vibe Baby Monitorand are very happy with it .
 I ordered this becasue it got so many good reviews for such an inexpensive monitore and i HATE it . It kept buzzing all night long and kept my husband and I awake . Not woth the time I spent ordering it and returning it .
 We looked for the cheapest monitor we could find and this was it . It does work but you get what you pay for . The monitor has a loud buzzing background sound if any electronic equipment is nearby ... or if you have lights with dimmers on nearby . Because there are no noise level lights , you cannnot turn the volume down and watch for baby activity via light levels . If you are looking for a cheap monitor for short term use than it is a good buy but this is not a long term monitor .
 it mysteriously did n't work one night and my baby was screaming for a long time without me knowing it :-LRB- . We tested it again and could n't find anything wrong with it ... now we are looking for a better monitor ourselves .
 We have had this monitor for 18 months and have zero problems hearing our son in his crib ... and apparently our neighbors three houses down from us also have no problem hearing us . We were outside today when our neighbor who also has a toddler just so happened to mention this to us . So now we are looking to purchase a more secure monitor.If you live out in the middle of no where or you do n't mind other people listening to your everyday conversations this monitor is perfect for you .
 We received this monitor for free and I can honestly say you get what you pay for . Do n't waste your money on this monitor . It worked well for a couple of months but then all we got was static . We could n't hear the baby over the static . Everything interferes with this monitor-phones , tv 's , radios , - even when they are turned off !! In addition , we had to replace the 9 volt battery in the monitor every other day unless we had it plugged into the wall adaptor . We spent more on the batteries than what the monitor was worth ! Tomorrow we are going to buy a new monitor !
 The only good thing that I have to say about this monitor is that it was cheap , now I know why ! It does pick up every little sound your baby makes , it 's just hard to hear it through all the static . Maybe I have too much interference from all the other electrical gadgets in my house , -LRB- i.e. T.V. , receiver , cordless phones , computer , etc. -RRB- but I would have to get the receiver in just the right position night after night to get it to work , only to be woken up half way through to try to reposition it because the static is back . Finally , the last straw was that after a couple of months it started to have an annoying whine that accompanied the static . I am taking it back and spending the extra $ 10 or $ 20 to get a monitor that works !
 I owned one of these 5 years ago and it worked reasonably well , so got another one this time around -LRB- previous one was given to my SIL -RRB- . I do n't know what they 've changed , but this one is bad enough I 'm going to break down and order something else . We 've had trouble finding an outlet we can use that does n't have other major interference -LRB- like if the alarm clock or toaster is on the same circuit -RRB- . Plus , for some reason we 're picking up another kid and their family that is no where around us -LRB- no babies within 2 houses in any direction -RRB- . I ca n't imagine what they 've heard us say based on what we 've heard ! Going to replace it with the V-tech which is less than twice as much ... wish I 'd put the money into that to begin with .
 I 've used many Safety First products without problems , so I thought this would be a good product . I was wrong . The monitors are very cheaply made . I tried both channels and various locations in my 2-story house , and all I got was a lot of static . To be able to hear my baby I had to have the volume way up , and by then the static almost drowned out the baby noises , not to mention was really annoying to try to sleep next to . Even the on/off switch was difficult to turn off in the dark , it kept slipping too far and just going to the other channel instead of stopping in the off position.The only good thing about this purchase was dealing with the seller , who was very generous and gave me a full refund . I 've already ordered another brand of monitor .
 This has terrible static feedback no matter the channel i hate it but it will have to do till i can spend a bit more on a new one , what a piece of junk .
 Do not buy item . I wanted to give this to someone as a gift and the box was torn and item scratched .
 I had to return this item because it did n't work right from the start . It made very loud static and if someone talked or cried , it would only change the sound of the static slightly . I really wanted it to work too - it had all the features that I needed and I loved the price . I did n't try a second one since I really needed a monitor and did n't have the time to mess around with something that might not work .
 I read the reviews that these monitors had great range , but mine do not . They have too much static sound and the range is not great at all .
 We recieved this monitor as a gift and although it may work great for some , we have 3 other apts . right next to ours with baby monitors and the monitor kept picking up their signals insted of our own - even after changing the channel . We have since bought another monitor and it seems to work great . I guess you really do get what you pay for .
 This moniter makes loud noises in the middle of the night when noone could be using electronics . i have to get up in the middle of the night to turn it off at like 3 am .
 Just like so many others we got this free with a $ 75 purchase at Toys R Us . I do n't think it is very clear or has a great range . Like someone else said , `` You can hear the baby breathe but there is also a static sound like air rushing through . If you can sleep with `` white noise , '' you may be OK but it drives me nuts . `` Our other monitor has a rechargable battery which is SO much nicer ! It means you can actually walk around with the monitor . This monitor eat batteries so who cares if it has a belt clip . We only use it plugged in -LRB- mostly when we travel to a friends house for the weekend so we can keep the good monitor set up at home ! -RRB-
 This monitor worked fine for us , for a couple of months . But after awhile , the plug on the receiver started cracking and coming apart . When we would try to pull it out of our outlets , the plastic would seperate , exposing the wiring inside . The wires themselves were thin and seemed flimsy . We had to buy a new monitor this week to replace this one -LRB- our son is only 8 months old -RRB- .
 I like so many others received these monitors free at Babies R Us with a $ 75 purchased . They are the worst monitors I have ever seen . I talk right into the `` microphone '' and my husband listens on the other end and hears nothing . There is no static , there is nothing . I now understand why these were free . I wish this rating system had negative numbers because I would definately give it a negative rating .
 I run an inhome daycare and have two of these monitors . I have them both plugged in in the kitchen but have them across the room from each other because of interference . The sounds still bleeds into each other so if one kid is making noise in one room , I can hear it in both monitors . Drives me crazy , making it hard to know which kid is awake . I bought these because of the low price and apparently , the quality reflects the cost . I will be splurging on higher quality monitors from now on .
 We needed a second monitor for occasional use and I was hoping to get away with buying something inexpensive . This monitor does have a great price and I was n't looking for a lot of bells and whistles . Unfortunately when the base unit was two rooms away I still got feedback on the parent unit . The two units were at least 30 feet apart and had three walls between them . This unit does not offer sound activation ; you only get only continuous broadcasting . I would have also liked to see a built-in battery in the parent unit that can be charged instead of needing a 9 volt battery to operate -LRB- even AA or AAA would have been more convenient -RRB- . On the plus side , it picks up sounds like anything
 We 've been through three of these . Two were total junk out of the box . One worked very well.The first one we got did n't work at all . It was totally useless . The static was so loud we could barely make out noises from the babies room . But , we sent it back and exchanged it for a new one . The new worked great . So , we ordered another one for the other kid 's room . This 3rd one was total junk . So , 2 out of 3 were junk . But , the one that did work , we really like . For me , this explains the mixed reviews on this product . Poor quality control.As far as the one that did work , here are some more details about why I liked it.We 've tried a few monitors . This one had the least static . For us , static is the most important issue . We hate it . We use the baby monitors primarily at night , so that we can hear if the kids wake up in the middle of the night . If the monitors have a lot of static it keeps US from getting to sleep.The next most important issue is unnecessary beeping . Some of the other monitors we 've used periodically loose the signal from the baby 's room , and then automatically reconnects after a few seconds . Each time they loose the signal they beep loudly to let us know . This always wakes us up . This can happen a dozen or more times each night . No good . THIS monitor does NOT beep when it looses the signal , or maybe it just never looses the signal ... either way we 're sleeping much better now .
 We bought several of these , and we 've used them exclusively for the past year and two months . No matter what arrangement we use , we get terrible humming interference . Every time I turn on the receiver , I twist it this way and that way , trying to find a position that will make the interference less . It is bad enough that it annoys us with anything we do -LRB- TV watching ... sleeping ... a constant annoyance . -RRB- Unfortunately , to be sure I hear my son 's cries -LRB- and that they wake me up -RRB- I typically have to turn the volume way up , which means I 've had to get used to sleeping with fairly loud humming noises.I was more or less resigned to this , and thought little of it , until my brother , who is an electrical engineer , visited the house the other day and said that this level of humming was unacceptable -- that engineers know very well how to make devices that wo n't pick up extra signals like this , and that the product is simply a poorly engineered piece . He did a few tests to ensure that there is n't some strange background noise in my house -- there is n't . It 's the monitor that is badly made.One feature of the monitors , by the way , is that you can unplug them and walk around with them using battery power . -LRB- The hum gets a bit louder when I do this ... -RRB- Thus , I can go for trips to the basement , etc. , without worry , using this monitor , and then I plug it back into its power source as soon as I 'm back , to save the batteries.Now that I know the humming need not be there , I 'm going out to buy a competitor 's model!So , go elsewhere for your monitor .
 This didnt even work . Tried everything wouldnt work . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I started using this monitor on 4/30/02 and on 8/13/02 , it died . It started making all kinds of high pitch squeals . It is bad enough that after 31/2 months it breaks , but at 11PM . I would not spend the money on this ...
 At first the monitor seemed to do well enough for the price but I ca n't take the random buzzing any more ! If I plug my nook into the outlet nearby or walk by the receiver it buzzes wildly . If the cat walks by the baby 's crib it buzzes . We are awakened in the middle of the night by random buzzing . My sleep is worth spending extra money on a better unit , especially with baby number 2 on the way !
 Tjis monitor has some static around microwaves and phones , but over all the clarity is clear . BUT one night while baby and I were sleeping and when I woke up I realized the electricity had been off for who know how long and no sound came from the monitorm luckily the baby was ok.This monitor has battery but when the reciever is pluged into the outlet and the power goes off the monitor does also . You would think that the battery power would kick in but it does n't it goes completely dead.So if you want to buy a 9volt battery every day so you doh ' t have to worry about the electricity failing , then this monitor is ok . However I am going to look for another monitor with back up battery power.Any suggestions ????
 Not too happy with this monitor . We thought about replacing it early on but it was ok enough to just deal with the static . My husband became the master of turning it down just enough to tolerate the sounds but hear the baby when he cried . We used it for 7 months , every day during naps and night , and today the power adapter quit working so the only way to use it is with the 9v battery which lasts all of 3 hours before crapping out . So , in summary
 I put this on my registry based on the reviews , and I should have paid more attention to the bad ones . The first few times we used it , it was great . After awhile it got more and more static , and now it 's to the point where it has a loud burst of static if someone so much as walks past or bumps it . Forget about putting it near devices with more of an electrical field than a human ! It 's unbearable unless you hold on to the antenna , and who can sit around doing that ?? Time to get one that we can stand being in the same room with . Two stars because it was great while it lasted - a month or so .
 This product is terrible it constantly makes static noises . when I have my cellphone plugged in or any electronic device near it , it begins to make static noises . this happens every night at all types of hours sometimes even random static noise occurs . I just through it out .
 This monitor crackled all the time , you ca n't hear the baby over the crackle noise . It the monitor and receiver were to close together -LRB- one room apart -RRB- they would squeel .
 This thing has LOUD static and I can not hear my child unless she is crying loudly . It has the worst interference as well ... I clearly heard my neighbor 's conversation . Do n't waste your money !
 My recommendation on child number 3 , with monitor # 3 , is to skip this one . Our twins had hand me down Sony monitors two years ago that were at least 4 years old from the neighbors -LRB- two gracious families -RRB- . They had used the Sony monitors for years before passing them to us . We got this model with number 3 because the twin ones are still in play throughout the house . I have since returned this model . It uses 9v battery whereas the Sony is rechargable - all you do is plug it in to recharge . That cord comes off so Sony is complately portable without a power source , but holds the charge for days . The Sony unit beeps when the charge is low.This unit -LRB- Safety 1st -RRB- is NOT rechargeable and wastes battery power . It does not stay charged . It does not notify you the charge is low until you hear the top-of-lung desperate wail of a baby tired of crying . This monitor also did not have good range . I hated it .
 this is really cheaply made . interference big time no matter what channel . do not wast money buying this . i can not find a place to put the handheld that when people walk by , it does n't go loudly crazy ! and , it is not easy to turn off , as mostly i turn it to channel b from a. off is in the middle . people ! we have enough to do handling babies . do n't make it harder for us !
 Just got this and it 's going right back . Plugged it in and could n't believe the amount of white noise this thing puts out . I tried a few different locations and tried turning off things that I thought could be interfering with it , but I realized that 's just the way this monitor is .
 I do in-home health care for a disabled elderly woman for a living , and we use this monitor at night while she is sleeping in her room . Unfortunately , I was n't in charge of purchasing a monitor , or we 'd have a better one -- this model has SO many problems . The battery drains do n't factor in , as we plug it in , but otherwise the unit is very sketchy . If it 's not turned up all the way , we can barely hear when our patient wakes up -- and she rattles around the lamp on her nightstand quite loudly . If it is turned up all the way , there 's almost always a constant static buzz , and it does n't matter where we move the monitor/receiver , or which channel it is on . Also , if anything else is plugged in to the same outlet , or even an outlet on the same circuit breaker , the receiver starts to hiss and spit static so loud that I could n't hear the poor woman if she screamed . The only pro about this system and the reason it gets two stars is that I 've never overheard a cordless phone conversation , or had a problem when the wireless router in the adjoining duplex is on . However , if either residence happens to be using a microwave oven , there 's a buzzing and clicking sound on the receiver . This also happens if I so much as touch the power supply cord.If you only plan on using this item while you 're asleep with no other electronics in use , it 's great . Otherwise , go for a different brand .
 I 've tried 4 different baby monitors -LRB- hand me downs from friends or from my baby shower -RRB- and this was the worst . The volume dial is so sensitive that one slight movement up , and I 'm waking up to her turning over because it 's so loud and a smidge downward and I could n't hear her screaming -LRB- yeah , the worst feeling ! -RRB- . I even tried to mark the dial with a permanent marker to mark where the ` perfect ' volume was , but even with that to help me , I found I could n't trust that I had hit the perfect spot every time . Just because of that , I ended up throwing them away . I bought it for $ 20 at Target but it 's not even worth that money . Also , there was a lot of static in the sound which was more annoying than deal-breaking .
 We originaly bought this monitor simply because it was the least expensive in the store -LRB- Target -RRB- and we did n't feel we needed one of the fancy models with a camera or any of those other ` features ' like lights to tell us if she 's crying . We just needed something that would let us know if our baby was crying in her crib while we were asleep.Well , provided the planets are aligned correctly this monitor will perform its function well . However , that 's only if everything is possitioned correctly . These things have so much static in them they can go beserk by just having someone walking around the house . Let me tell you , that gets annoying fast.In addition to these things having to be perfectly possitioned and no one moving in the house to avoid loud bursts of static , these monitors lack good power filtering . After a few months of being woken up in the middle of the night to this monitor screeching with static we determined that we had to unplug anything electronic that was on the same circuit breaker.After 10 months we can now reliably get a nights sleep without this monitors static waking us up at night , but we constantly regret not spending the extra to get a better quality monitor.Overall , a pretty poor design . You get what you pay for I guess , cheap Chinese made crap .
 I bought this because we desperately needed a monitor and could n't afford to spend that much . At first it seemed to good to be true . Worked beautifully , clear and no static . 2 months later it just stopped picking up my baby and I could hear our neighbors in the next door apartment . Now all it picks up is static and if I adjust the volume button up and down just right I can faintly pick up my daughters room . Bought it at target so ca n't return , not sure of this seller on amazons policy but just spend the extra $ and get a decent monitor .
 There are two cords included with the monitor for the parent unit and baby unit , but one of the cords did not work . When I plugged it in it did not operate the monitor , whether I used it on the parent or the baby unit so I had to return this product .
 After 8 months , it started working improperly . Randomly squealing and getting incredibly fuzzy . I 'm not impressed with this monitor at all .
 I got these because I have a small house and did n't intend to use them often , but I wanted something cheap for the once in a while situation . Even with limited use , I wish I had not cheaped out so much . They work fine but get feedback from just about anything , so while I can hear my baby , often the feedback is so annoying I end up turning them off . Keep shopping !
 I just opened this monitor and all I get is static . I am returning it tomorrow . I bought this because I forgot my monitor at home . For $ 20 this is a bad choice . The monitor I LOVE is the Baby Call monitor by Sony . I paid $ 45 and its one of the best on the market . It is definitely worth the money .
 Safety 1st Crystal Clear Baby Monitor , WhiteNot usable device at all . Lot of white noise on the receiver part . Channel switching is of no help . Got to throw the monitor away . Never buy .
 Regardless of if I 'm near or far the static is so loud I have to keep the volume very , very low . I only use it when I 'm doing quick chores outside while my son is sleeping . You definitely could n't have this thing on during a whole night or nap . Very disappointing . Gave it two stars because at least it picks up my son 's sounds .
 Our monitor was broken when we got it - the baby 's unit -LRB- transmitter -RRB- never lit up when you plugged it in . It seemed like a power problem . Saftey 1st was very hard to get through to on the phone . I tried off and on for a couple days before my call got answered in a reasonable amount of time . Then the return process was too long and complicated . They wanted to send me a letter to sign and return to them along with the defective monitor . Then they would send me a new one . After waiting a week before receiving the letter I changed my mind and just went out and bought a different monitor at Target . I needed a monitor and got the feeling like it was going to be another couple weeks before I 'd ever get the replacement one . I like shopping on the web , but it 's real frustrating when you get something that does n't work because it 's so much harder to return than if you had just bought it at the store .
 Sometimes it 's not worth going the cheap route and after having this monitor for a week , it further reinforced the idea that cheap products lead to cheap results . First of all it ate up the 9 volt battery within four days . Secondly , there was so much static that it drove my husband and I crazy . Yes , we changed the channel , but it was the same static as before . If the static does n't bother you then go for it . Otherwise it 's not worth the money we saved .
 I bougth two of them , and the only thing you hear is static . I use one at the time just in case , but nothing , just static . We were changing in diferent electric output in both levels of the house , and nothing . The only way you can hear something -LRB- depending where you are -RRB- , is with battery in the receiver . The battery just last one nigth . But my advise is , do n't waist your money on it . I do n't know why the company is using the Crystal Clear name , because the only thing you have on it is Static .
 We received this monitor for our second daughter and could not believe how bad it was ! The base was placed at the top of my infant 's crib and we could not even hear her crying ! We have the `` First Years 900MHZ '' monitor for my toddler and I guess we were spoiled because it picks up every noise . After using the Crystal Clear Monitor for 2 weeks , we purchased the `` Summer Infant Monitor '' and we love it ! It 's even better than the First Years model . It has a convenient night light on the base which comes in handy during those night feedings . It also does not pick up any static from cell phones , etc.Please do not buy the Crystal Clear Monitor . It 's a waste of money ... even if it is only $ 16.99 !
 The monitors were used for only 1 week and then stopped working no sound of any kind ... very dissapointed ...
 The frequency the monitor uses was full of static at my home . The troubleshooting guide , after suggesting simple fixes such as making sure the channels are set correctly and that the units not be too far away from each other , tells one to unplug other appliances in the home that might be causing the interference . There is a reason I have the other appliances in my home . If my refrigerator is causing the interference , I 'm going to keep my refrigerator and not the monitor . When I called Safety First 's customer service , I was treated rather rudely and they were unable to solve the problem . I sent the monitor back and purchased a Sony Baby Call 900 mhz 27 channel unit , which although costing twice as much , has been worth every penny.Sony Baby Call Nursery Monitor
 I received this monitor and it did not work . I tried it in several outlets . When I opened the package I noticed that it was packaged poorly with the antenna 's bent down to fix in the box . Plus the monitors were a very thin piece of plastic . I am not surprised it did n't work . You get what you pay for I guess .
 This product just does not work . It has a noise that would not allow you to enjoy your time talking or watching a movie and does not have any led indicator - so you better listen carefully . . is just a waste of -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks . no big deal
 At first this monitor worked fine ... after a month or so , static began driving us crazy . Sometimes it 's so bad that we ca n't even hear the baby cry ! It only has two channels so you do n't have much choice ! TERRIBLE PRODUCT ... if you have a very low budget and can live with static ... then go ahead and buy it . If you want something to allow for a nice sleep while knowing you will be hearing the baby , then keep looking !
 I bought this because it is dirt cheap and figured how bad could it really be ? It 's awful . Unless you want to listen to static all night , buy something else .
 While the sales text says it is a &#34; clear &#34; baby monitor , this unit 's constant buzz makes it impossible to have on while monitoring . You can turn it on and hear what 's going on behind the buzz just barely , but the never ending buzz could be used for &#34; enhanced interrogation . &#34;
 I 've already got this baby monitor , when I pluged the monior in it was working well , but after 10 minutes it startid beeping and the green light indicator which shoes that the monitor is pluged disappeared . and it was n't working any more . I do n't know what to do :-LRB- I live so far that if I send this product back it will cost mush more than this monitor is , I 'm so sorry . So I do n't recomend this product , I have to throw it away : -LRB-
 It works well enough and I love that it has an outlet plug so that I do n't have to run it on batteries but the sound quality is terrible , lots of static ! I honestly dont recommend this item , buy something nicer , it 'll be worth it for your sanity and peace of mind .
 A lot of Static & Background NoiseThis unit is very bad : It has a lot of static if next to other electronic devices.I bought 2 of them & one is worth than the other.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!
 Bought this for a baby shower gift . When opening the package I realized it has been open / used ... . The packaging was messy and taped back together by someone maybe under the age of 8 . The actual product was flopping all over the place , Very disappointed . Customer
 I purchased these monitors thinking I would n't need to use them at all since the baby 's room is right next door . I 'm glad I did buy them because my son ended up with acid reflux and spit up in his sleep constantly for awhile there , so being able to hear him and go to him is a comfort . Anyways , there are only 2 channels on these monitors , which is a bummer since I live in a big apartment complex . I get interference of all kinds from telephone conversations to other people 's babies crying , which really weirded me out the first time I heard it . I tried using a battery with it when I brought it with me to check the mail -LRB- yes the door was locked , no I am not a bad mother -RRB- and was only able to hear static . I wish I had bought a monitor with more channels . Note to self
 We received this as a shower gift and I had read good reviews about this monitor . However , I have only be able to successfully use this monitor twice and our baby is one month old . The static is overwhelming regardless of what channel I try or moving the receiver around the room . I 'm finally giving up and purchasing the Fisher Price Lights and Sounds monitor that most of my friends have and rave about . Sadly , this monitor will get stored or thrown out , it 's useless for us !
 We recently bought this monitor to replace aFisher-Price Sounds 'n Lights Monitorwhich died . This thing sounds like you are listening inside a submarine motoring through the water . I receive the audio on both channel settings , which is a bit disturbing . One channel is fainter , but still there . The background noise almost drowns out any actual noise happening in the room even on the right channel.Pros : - Price.Cons : - Background noise -LRB- tons -RRB- and very sensitive to interference and how you hold it . - Remote unit takes 9v battery . AA/AAA batteries are more economical and easier to get rechargables for . - Bulky . . Long antenna . Not as compact as our last unit.Overall
 Just ok . You can hear the baby , but its crackly and makes static noise ALL The time . Id pay more for something that will last and work more effectively
 Horrible monitor !!! All I could hear was static !!! I would NOT recommend this monitor to anyone . I had a Safety 1st monitor before and it was great . I do n't know if they changed it within the last 2 years , but I was NOT happy with this one .
 If you are looking to save money , this is certainly one of the cheapest monitors you can buy . We bought this after having a very dependable Whisper Connect that was interfering with security devices in our new building . However , after just a few weeks of light use , we are scrapping this one . The battery connection is flaky . If you can use the parent unit plugged in , then it might be worth the very low price-tag , but otherwise , spend the extra for a nicer unit -LRB- one with a rechargeable battery would make more sense for most people -RRB- .
 This is definitely not worth buying . I should have just added another $ 20 and bought one of the other ones . This crackles , does not have more than a 10-15ft range . It does not come with a re-chargeable battery , so you burn through 9 volt batteries in a few days . And , there are no instructions on battery usage.Waste ! DO NOT BUY !
 If you need a monitior just for the purpose of hearing in the immediate next room , then o.k. . If you are trying to go anywhere else in the house and hear your baby , then do n't buy this monitor . I personally do n't care for it , due to the amount of static and extra noise . I can only leave it on the `` B '' setting b/c it has the least amount of static . Plus the battery life is very short . I would n't recommend this product.Spend the money and get a quality monitor .
 I received this stroller as a gift from my beloved friends . I found it and asked them to buy it for me . Now , I feel very uncomfortable because this gift happened to be not the best -LRB- not even close -RRB- .1 . First problem is it is wide . So if you shop a lot with a stroller the aisles of small stores are not for you2 . Heavy . I live on a second floor . Very bothersome to bring it upstairs .3 . Basket under - small and the metal pole runs right trough the middle .4 . No cups for parents or child . It is weird , because it is a standard stroller not for travel . I thought it would not matter , but believe me it does .5 . Very important aspect
 You will not fit through isles using this stroller ! It was constantly bumping into everything at the mall ! It 's so wide!The harness/straps are flimsy and not made well.The storage basket is short so tall items will fall out.It 's heavy too.Small uncomfortable seat.Smooth ride but that 's the only positive .
 Without side support infants can roll off the wedge during sleep possibly causing injury or death .
 I received this at my baby shower from my best friend & future godmother . I loved it !!! It truly is a beautiful bassinet . The toile print on the bedding is just remarkable & it brings out the black , but still looks soft enough for a baby . This was my favorite gift at my shower !
 Seriously , this thing is hideous and looks very foreboding . I can almost hear Vincent Price when I look at the picture .
 I ordered this for my first grandchild and when we got it I was very disappointed with the quality , it was difficult to put together because the holes did n't line up . After less than a month of use one of the legs split when putting the baby in , very unsafe , and the pad in the bumper is more fabric only than pad . The exposed screws are also very unattractive .
 One of these bassinets was purchased for my 8lb son and collapsed . By the grace of God , he was removed shortly before this happened . The bracing beneath it snapped so there is no way to repair it . I will NEVER purchase another item from them . EXTREMELY UNSAFE !!!
 My wife and I were drawn to this bassinet by its traditional style and solid look . Unfortunately , once we assembled it we were not impressed . The included mattress pad and sheet are made of thin , cheap material , and the canopy was a joke -LRB- sagging and equally cheap-looking -RRB- . As I was assembling it , I noticed what I can only describe as a spray-paint smell.We moved it into the corner and both instantly had the same comment
 I am sad to share that this product is not one I or my wife can recommend . After giving the diapers a full test run with our 18 month old triplets , we can honestly say these are the worst diapers we have ever used . They leaked at every opportunity ... day use , evening use & even with frequent changing ! We are happy to report that Amazon is a wonderful company that stood behind their products , so we are still a very happy Amazon customers . As we suggested to Amazon , Fitti Diapers are not a product we would want our company to carry . Purchase with caution if you have a thing against diapers that leak .
 I wanted to try these since they were so inexpensive but I 'm sorry I wasted the money . They leak & caused my daughter to get a rash that would n't go away until I stopped using them . Never had this kind of trouble with a diaper before .
 I purchased these diapers thinking that I would give them a shot ... see if they could cost less but still work . BAD IDEA !!! I would not recommend this product . I have returned the unused diapers because they were soooo bad ! They could n't hold in pee or poop !! Stick with Huggies or Pampers !
 will not hold urine for a child older than a year , just horrible . i will nver purchase these diapers again . they leak thru all the time , better pay more and have better quality diaper .
 I bought these diapers and the first night my son peed through and his bed was all wet and because of this his hands got in it and he rubbed his eyes and got pink eye take it from me I am the ultamate bargen shopper and these diapers are just not worth the 37.00 then I had to shipp them back to amazon and had to pay shipping . so my refund really was only 17.00 dollars . My sugestion go for the huggies , pampers or luvs they are all about the same price .
 THESE DIAPERS WERE NOT GOOD ... MY GREAT GRANDSON BROKE OUT INTO A RASH WHEN HE WORE THESE . MOST OF THE PACKAGE HAD TO BE THROWN AWAY . I WILL NEVER PURCHASE THEM AGAIN . I ALSO PURCHASED THE SAME DIAPERS FOR MY GREAT GRANDDAUGHTER AND SHE DEVELOPED A BAD RASH ALSO ... SHE HAD TO BE TREATED BY A DOCTOR FOR IT . THERE IS SOMETHING IN THESE DIAPERS THAT THE BABIES ARE ALLERGIC TO . I WILL NOT BUY THESE AGAIN ... WILL PAY MORE FOR THE NAME BRANDS OR WAIT UNTIL NAME BRANDS ARE IN STOCK .
 Bought it , thought a nice deal , they cheap , but they are leaking , plain , not money saver at all .
 I thought this was a great deal but these diapers are the worst . We had to change my son about every 90 minutes so he would n't leak through . They are poor quality and we ended up throwing them away . Do n't waste your money !
 I 've used off-brand diapers before -LRB- e.g. Wal-Mart , Target , and White Cloud -RRB- and found them to be moderately effective . However , I 've been thoroughly disappointed with this purchase . They leak just about every other change . In fact , if our baby pees in them more than once , its for sure going to wet through to his clothes . If he has any sort of bowel movement , then it 's a complete mess . If you want to buy a cost-effective diaper consider those from Luvs . They have a leak guard guarantee and are somewhat cheaper than Pampers and Huggies . However , I would definitely not purchase these because they are absolutely worthless .
 I bought them because they were cheap , but they leak BAD ! Spend a little more on Luvs and get much diapers . I would n't buy these again no matter how cheap the price .
 Very disappointed in this bag . Weird material . No zipper . No way to hang it on my stroller . Not enough pockets . I returned this item .
 My toddler son can easily reach down , lift the Velcro fabric patch , lift the metal release clamp and loosen the straps on his car seat . This first happened when I was driving in the HOV lanes during morning rush hour . It was quite a shock , and created a very dangerous situation . Fortunately , I did not have an accident , as my child would surely have been seriously injured.We own the Wizard car seat , but the Britax Boulevard -LRB- the replacement for the Wizard -RRB- and the Marathon seats all use this faulty shoulder strap system . We bought our first Wizard seat for our daughter , but not until she was 3 and had no problems with it . Therefore , we had no idea this seat was going to be hazardous for a toddler.I have since found that many other parents of toddlers have reported the same problem with these seats . I recall there were similar comments about the Wizard -LRB- which I found after the incident above -RRB- , but those are no longer posted because the seat was discontinued.We are loyal owners of Britax car seats -LRB- we own one Roundabout and two Wizard car seats -RRB- , but I am appalled with the design of this strapping system and outraged by Britax 's response to my complaint.Britax first denied this was a design flaw and informed me that I need to teach my todder the meaning of the word `` no '' . Then they told me that I should use a safety pin to secure the fabric cover . Other parents posting on BabiesRUs and Babycenter.com have reported this same ridiculous response to their complaints.I also filed a written complaint with the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration -LRB- NHTSA -RRB- and with BabiesRUs . Since Britax is not voluntarily responding to this dangerous situation , parents must take action . Take a look at the placement of the metal clamp on the Blvd. , Marathon or Wizard seats . If you have had a problem with your child pulling up the clamp and loosening the straps , or if you just agree that this situation is dangerous , first file a complaint with the NHTSA at http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/ , then post your comments on this website . Of note , the NHTSA ratings give all three seats the top A rating for `` ease of use '' for securing the child . I agree the seats are easy to use ; however , they are so easy for toddlers to use they are DANGEROUS .
 I am very concerned about the safety of this Britax/Regal Boulevard Seat . I had the seat for just over a month and I found my child seated with the straps loosened and completely off his shoulders four times after our journey home . I finally figured out that he just pulls on the quick release tap in front of him -LRB- under a cloth flap -RRB- and leans over ; thus loosening the straps with the utmost ease . He is 3 years 1 month old.Thank God I was not in an accident during the 4 times his straps were off his shoulders !!!! Other than this `` flawed '' design feature , I find the seat quite nice given your car has ample rear seat space . However I feel compelled to give warning about the dangerous `` child accessible quick release '' of this seat and must give this seat the lowest rating possible .
 My daughter really dislikes this car seat , as do I . The fabric is incredibly rough . The strap covers provided have left horrible cuts and marks on my daughters neck . If these are removed then the straps just leave ugly marks . The fabric provided on the seat is very rough and certainly not designed for the comfort of tender new skin -LRB- much less any other kind of skin ! -RRB- I love the safety of the seat so I will be keeping it and finding a tailor to make a new cover that is soft and baby friendly .
 I bought this think it would make things easier with newborn and all well they were n't very useful and what a waste of money . It 's much easier to use cotton swabs and alcohol .
 These were a horrible choice for our two year old daughter . When we started using these she broke out in a horrible rash and it has been so painful for her that we have to bathe her every time she has a bowel movement because wiping just seems to be too painful . Not everyone has this reaction according to the other parent reviews , but some do , so that should be taken into consideration . My daughter has only had a diaper rash one other time when we tried using the huggies pull ups . Those seemed to disagree with her skin also . Pampers Easy Ups is what we normally use and I think we will stick with those until she is done with potty training .
 I typically purchase Huggies but decided to try these -LRB- my son liked the design ! -RRB- . Unfortunately the fragrance is completely overwhelming and the Pampers are not as absorbent . I will not purchase these again .
 I used the `` Feel & Learn '' pull-ups for my oldest son 3 years ago . I recently ordered them for my 2 year old who is potty training . However , this is our last purchase of the Pampers brand feel & learn 's . I have switched to the CVS generic . The Pampers fell apart nearly every time he wore them - once @ Wrigley Field -LRB- VERY inconvenient time -RRB- during the Cubs game . The seams do not stay together - I ordered the largest size and it is supposed to work for his size . But it did n't . I will be sending a letter to Pampers . I have used Pampers Cruisers with my son the past 2 years and plan to use them with my `` baby on the way '' . However , the Feel & Learn 's need some design help .
 I thought by getting these and saving a few bucks would be a great thing . NOT ! These are not made for accidents AT ALL ! My son might has well had on his big boy undies because they are more absorbant than these .
 Way over priced to get the wrong shipment . It says boys , but I received Dora the explorer pull-ups . When I inquired about returning they said to -LRB- return to sender -RRB- but I had already excepted the package and opened it obviously .
 Did you know that diapers have expiration date ? Well , you better be careful when buying this product.When my order arrived , I opened the box and took one of the inside packages of diapers -LRB- there are 2 packages/box -RRB- and found out it had already expired a month ago . I called amazon and let them know about the expired diapers and they said they were going to send another box . After two days I received the replacement ... but ... for my surprise , it was also expired ! I called amazon again and let them know my disappointment and they refund the money . The problem here is that the expiration date comes in the inside package not on the outside carton , so you have to open the box to realize what the exp date is .
 I purchased this for my daughter because I loved the bath and bumper so much . However it was a joke . Completely worthless , it did absolutely nothing to support her when she started sitting on her own . I tossed my after about 2 uses . Your better off with the old fashioned plastic ring seats . Seriously do n't waste your money . I ca n't imagine how anybody could find this prodcut useful .
 I bought this for my son -LRB- 5mo . -RRB- He is just starting to sit on his own and I thought this looked liked a wonderful alternative to the hard plastic bath seats I have used for my other children . IT IS NOT !!! The seat looks great and seems wonderful until you get it in the tub . It does not stay afloat ! When my son tried to reach for a toy he went under . I had to use 2 hands to keep him upright . It has nothing in it for buoyancy . It seems to be just `` fluff '' and therefore when you put any weight or pressure on the side of it , it is submerged . I guess in the picture it shows a person holding on to the arm of the infant , that is an understatement ! If your baby moves at all , he goes under . Too bad , I think the idea is wonderful , but the product needs serious improvement . I returned it immediately .
 oh wow , this is a piece of junk !! I didnt buy it from Amazon , but I wanted to write a review about how strongly I hate this product ! I bought it to use for my almost 5mo daughter , because we stupidly gave away her previous baby tub . HATE IT !! First of all , when we put her in , it was so slippery that she bonked her head on the side of the tub twice , even though I was holding onto her . The center is so huge that my toddler could easily sit in it , WAY too big for a baby !! She screamed the whole time and we ended up letting her lay down on it -LRB- on her back -RRB- because she would not sit even with help . After my husband pulled her out , I continued the bath with my toddler and tried to pull the darn ring out . It soaked up SOOOOOOO much water , it was just insane ! I wrung it and wrung it , but there was always more water . It was much too heavy to attach to my suction hooks , so I had to hang it from the curtain rod , periodically wringing it out into the tub as it dripped . Of course I ended up soaked , and I had to put another towel underneath the ring to catch all the dripping water - which means , more laundry for me ! With two kids under the age of 2 , I certainly dont need more laundry !! So , in conclusion , this thing is a piece of junk and I will be RUNNING back to the store tomorrow for my full refund !!!
 This is my first amazon review b/c I feel this is such junk I had to review it and epinions didnt have it listed . Usually I can find something to do with a junky product , but this is so junky I ca n't do anything with it , I might as well have just washed the money down the drain . The fabric is rough , too rough for a new baby , the hole is too big for a tiny baby to lay atop it well but a bigger baby laying on it even on the bottom of the tub as intended is unstable . As a seat it immediately fills up with water if you even touch it , once filled it sinks . How can it support a baby if baby ca n't touch it or it sinks . You have to ring it out in order to use the plastic hanger it comes with b/c it absorbs so much water it is way to heavy for the convenient hanger , the hanger ends up bending so much the thing slips off or it looks like it is going to break . Not easy to do with baby in hand so you have to leave it sitting in the tub while you get baby out and get a chance to go back later . I have 4 kids and have tried a lot of tubs , seats and supports for the tub , some I disliked but none even come close to the uselessness of this
 I would recommend a seat that clamps to the side of the tub over this if your baby moves at all ! This seemed like a good idea , but my little guy was kicking and moving all over . It barely floats and sucks up water so it is extremely heavy to lift up and hang to dry when you are done with the bath . It also says that it is for 0 months on up , but I definitely would n't use this if your baby ca n't sit .
 I 've never written a negative review ... if I could give this zero stars I would . First of all , it sinks the instant you put it in the tub ... like all the way to the bottom of the tub . The tag says to ring it out if it sinks ... hmmm ... how do you do that when your kid is in it ? Second of all , it weighs about 100 lbs when you take it out of the tub . I swear ... this is the worst baby product I 've ever owned -LRB- and I 've owned a LOT -RRB- ... My 6mo son sits up great on his own , was slipping and sliding around in this , falling backwards , I had to hold him the entire time with both hands ... pathetic . Do n't waste your money . Tomorrow we will be going out to get the traditional plastic bath seat ... good grief .
 I have twins and I used this once . Thank God my mom was visiting , because we had to hold and watch each baby very close . Babies are 5 months and this pillow is not giving any support , seat is huge and it sinks . You cant even take it out of tub when is wet because is soooo heavy !!! worst item ever !!!!!
 I agree this is a waste of money ! It does not float like package says . It sinks immedietly . I do n't see that it would work well with a sitting baby . It worked ok for in infant , just lay across like you would a boppy pillow , but it is heavy when wet and takes at least 24 hours to drip dry . I am returning mine to the store , as soon as it does dry . Seems like an inflatable pool ring would serve the same purpose , work better , not sink , be easy to clean and no need to dry . I 'm gon na give this a try !
 very disappointed much smaller than size 5 pullups ! even my skinny kid finds them too small
 I normally buy Huggies Pull-Ups for my 22 month old son who wants to be just like his big brothers . We have had quite a bit of potty training success with those and also the Pampers Feel 'n Learn pants . I picked up a package of Easy Ups that were dramatically reduced in price just to try them out . I now know that the price should have been my first clue to stay away . We tried for three days with these and all we had to show for it was two large loads of laundry . These are obviously supposed to be made for children who have not mastered potty training but every time he would make use of the diaper he would end up soaking wet or worse . These do n't hold anything in ; I wo n't go into detail , parents know of the dreaded blow outs . They also left red marks because the material was so scratchy , it was worse than most cheap bargain brand diapers ! We have used Pampers diapers exclusively for the past six years so I know that they do have excellent products and I can also say that they Feel 'n Learn pants are a million times better than the Easy Ups . I have no idea what happened with these but it 's really disappointing . What a waste of money and worse , what a lot of frustration for my toddler ! Stick with the Cruisers or move on to the Feel 'n Learn , skip these altogether .
 I do not like these . Our regular brand is Huggies . These had no velcro sides , so they were hard to remove if my son had a dirty diaper . They are also more bulky than the Huggies and had to be changed more often . I sent these to the pre-school to be used as extras , because I disliked them so much .
 My son is four and wears a pull up to bed . With these things , he was wetting his bed five out of seven nights , and I was slowly losing my mind . I bought Huggies Overnight diapers in the biggest size they had . He pitched a fit when he saw them b/c they look like diapers and have Winnie the Pooh on them instead of the much more macho Diego on his preferred pull up diaper . Anyway , I was n't entirely sure if it was the diaper 's fault , or if my son is just too big , sleeps too hard , drank too much before bed , forgot to go to the bathroom before bed , etc. that I kept using the Easy Ups until I ran out . Once they were gone , I told him he had to wear the Huggies with the Winnie the Pooh . Guess what ? We have had ZERO issues with leaking since I made the switch . This was after I spent $ 50 on a bed wetting alarm that scared the @ * & t ! out of my son , so we have used it only once . I stupidly threw money at the problem instead of trying the other brand of diapers . Long story short , do n't use these things at night , unless you enjoy chronic sleep deprivation and late night trips to the laundry room .
 I am usually a Pampers fan but these easy-ups are a disappointment . The Huggies pull-ups are a far better product .
 I purchased these as a cheaper alternative to Huggies pull ups . I thought they were all the same.These do not come apart at the sides like the Huggies pull ups or diapers ... you have to remove pants and shoes to put them on . I will never buy these again , they just make the difficult portion of potty training more difficult.It is not just me , my day care hates them too .
 My son got a rash and horrible itching from the backing of these . Back to Huggies Pullups which also have se the easy removable side straps .
 We love Pampers !! I have two little boys and have used Pampers on them from day one . I tried other diapers that leaked or smelled horrible . Overall I would highly recommend Pampers brand . However , these easy ups do n't have the soft classic baby powder scent as I am used to . The smell reminds me of women 's panty liners ... which I do not like . My son also experienced a rash / skin reaction to this easy up . Pampers was GREAT ! I called and expressed my concern and they were very helpful . We have since moved to the Huggies brand pull up and have had no reaction . The Huggies are non-scented too .
 I 'm so des appointed whit pampers easy ups :-LRB- product is very poor quality my 2 year old look like he was wearing a ton he was very uncountable and he try to pulled out do n't buy this yuo wo n't be happy y try to save money And spend more buying a new paked of huggies
 This diaper irritates my baby . It does n't really help with potty training . I buy baby dry all the time and it does not have this problem .
 These leaked every night my 3 yr old son wore them -LRB- he 's potty trained in the day time -RRB- . Previously he was in size 6 Huggies diapers and then used Huggies pull-ups . Neither of those ever leaked -LRB- maybe ONCE -RRB- . Returned these after three nights of a wet bed . Do n't bother !
 I usually buy Huggies Pull-Ups in size 3T/4T but decided to try these Easy-ups in the same size for slightly cheaper . They were too small for my 3 yr old son - especially in the back . Whenever I took his pants off , the Easy-up would be halfway down his butt ! Plus I do n't like that they do n't have the ` tabs ' on the sides for easy changing like the Pull-ups . Going back to the Huggies !
 I bought these pull ups for my son who is 26 months.I got the sizes 2T & 3T and they were too small . What a big disappointment ! I wish I could send them back but it is too much work.Other thing I need to add to this review is that these pull ups are not good for liquid/watery stools . I had some accidents to learn that I ca n't put my son on them if he is having diarrhea .
 I bought these instead of my usual huggies to try and save some money ... Worst mistake of my life ! These smelled so awful like chlorine and chemicals and actually burned my sons skin . . he is still raw now and he has n't been in a pamper or pull up for a week . . I decided to go back to huggies after he heals and then to work on getting him in underwear full time . These leak easily , I do n't recommend for overnight wear at all nor extended wear . . I also do n't like how they were skin tight on him ! 3-4t in huggies are perfect . . these were so much smaller !
 I got these for my son thinking they were a great deal , and they are as long as you do n't mind whatever smell it is that they put in the diapers . I guess it is something like a baby powder fragrance . I hate it . Hopefully , I have a friend that uses these on her kids because I 've only used 2 and I 'll be going to the store today to buy something else . Blech .
 If it seems to good to be true , it is ! I thought by buying the `` Pampers '' brand I would be getting quality . Instead , 1 of every 3 pull ups I put on our son ripped in the butt area and on the sides ! VERY disappointed and will never buy from them from Amazon again !
 These are nice for absorbency BUT i did n't realize that these did n't fasten like a diaper which would be fine but they are not as big as i thought they would be . Even though my almost three year old is in the weight category for these they just do n't seem to fit right and they tend to tare if your not VERY VERY careful on the pulling them up part . Because he is not using the potty AT ALL for a # 2 , his cheeks of his hinny kind of stick out a little bit and makes for a VERY VERY messy cleanup and clean cloths . Just not impressed with these at all and probably will not purchase again .
 I expected them to be similiar to Pull-Up with the exception of the sides -LRB- they do not open and reclose like Pull-ups -RRB- , but I was very disappointed . They fit poorly . They absorb very little . Overall they do no do what I need .
 The diapers would leak frequently , requires frequent changes than huggies . And sizes do run little small since my son was getting diaper burns around his butt area .
 Just like some reviewers I had the same problem of the diaper tearing up after my child runs/jumps around while playing.I canceled my Subscribe & Save and am going back to Hughies if they have the size I need .
 The pampers did n't fit my son . They leaked all the time and are not absorbent as it says on the box . For sure it 's not a diaper for night time !!!!!
 These run small and like I said my little guy finds them uncomfortable and fights me over putting them on . They also tear easily .
 My son is day trained but wets the bed . Use these only for nights my son frequently wakes up soaked through .
 My four year old is a very heavy sleeper and needs pull-ups at night . These did not offer enough protection . He was soaked in the morning . I have had great success with under jams and will be going back to them , unfortunately they were out of stock when I needed to place an order last time .
 I was always loyal to Pampers and tried these Easy Ups before any other brand . It 's very disappointing that the side flaps do n't open -LRB- you basically have to rip them open -RRB- . Because of the that it just made sense to switch to Pull Ups .
 Huggies training diapers let you open & reseal on the sides -- not so with these -LRB- you can tear open the sides to take them off , but they 're not going back on -RRB- . That was a deal breaker .
 they had a lot of leaks . they did n't fit tight enough so we had a problem if my child went to the bathroom in it
 We were loyal to Pampers Diapers , but Pampers Easy Up are not very good . The Pampers Easy Ups have no velcro sides -LRB- so you must wrap each `` accident '' in a plastic bag , and the soiled training pants are harder to remove without making a mess -RRB- , and Pampers Easy Ups are very flimsy on the sides and tear easily , so even if your child has no accidents , he still will need several Easy Ups throughout the day , since they will keep tearing and falling off , with just the gentle motion of your child pulling them down and up to use the bathroom.Huggies Pull Ups are the disposable training pants that you want . The `` velcro '' on the sides is useful for changing accidents . The pants also do n't rip after a day of being pulled up and down . Buy the Huggies Pull Ups and each one will last all day .
 We ordered this for our son who 25 mos old . The item says 2T/3T and I thought it 'd be the right size for our son . The diapers arrived and we started using them . After a couple of days we realised that the diapers a bit too tight for our son . After looking at the diaper more closely we saw that it was a size 4 diaper and obviously was too small for our son . It 'd be easier if the actual size was written on the box instead of a vague 2T/3T . Since we can not use this size we 'll have to order another box for him . $ $ $ s wasted : -LRB-
 I bought this training pants a week ago , i made a big mistake because it is so small for my 26months old kid although this size is for 2T-3T , it is really misleading to Mums . pls take note of this .
 I switched to these from the Huggies Pull-Ups , and these were bad enough where I had to again buy the Pull-ups while still having several of these for basically the reasons that they run pretty small -LRB- I bought size 5 for 30-40 lbs , and my son is 30 lbs and they are tight -RRB- , and also the fact that the sides have no velcro opening so I have to rip them open when I change him if he does # 2 . They are fine for the wetness . So , we can only use these at night so I can use them up . Totally flawed design in my opinion .
 These diapers are horrible . My 22 month old son leaked through them like he was n't wearing any diapers at all . They are ok only when we are home during the daytime because he always removes them & use his potty when necessary . They are totally useless during the night time or when we are away from home . I went out with him today and he went through three pairs of shorts !! I even had to change his shirt once because the urine got on it . -LRB- Thank goodness I was prepared with extra outfits . -RRB- I 'm very disappointed because I am a fan of Pampers . I 'll try Huggies Pull Ups next or just go back to standard diapers . His size 3 Luvs worked just fine , plus I got 204 of them -LRB- at BJs -RRB- for the same price as the Easy Ups . It was easier for him to remove them at potty time too .
 Compared to other brands I did n't like the powder scent . They also caused a rash so they seem harsher than the Huggies Pull Ups and Seventh Gen we use . Full disclosure , my son has sensitive skin in the Winter and he grew up in Seventh Gen diapers . But , these still did n't cut it compared to the rest .
 My son has been using Pampers diaper since he was born and we are both happy with the quality . However , this specific size of pull-up is not durable at all and very easy to tear at the sealing on the sides . It 's not suitable toddlers under potty train , which requires pulling down and up the training pants often .
 My baby is almost 26 months old . Grow rate in weight is 50 % . Not a fat but a healthy weight one . The 2t to 3T diaper is little bit tight on waist , and thight.Compare to a size 4 huggie diaper , this 2T-3Tpull up is smaller.It is a great deal for thin 2 years old baby but not for grow rate at 75 % kid.Hope this review that help .
 Unlike other pull up training pants these do not have velcro for removal if your child has an accident . If your child goes # 2 you have to rip the sides open to avoid getting it all over their legs . Once you rip the sides you ca n't roll the dirty diaper up for disposal , essentially you 're walking around with a cloth full of feces until you find the trash can , no fun if there 's an accident without a convenient disposal nearby . Other brands have the velcro sides , if you are actually training and are expecting some accidents do n't buy these .
 I wish I would have read the reviews before buying , although I did n't think I had to since I 've been diapering twins for over 3 years . These run too small . The `` size 5 '' is not as big as expected and definately smaller than huggies . I also did n't realize the sides were not resealable . I bought 2 and am returning 1 .
 We 've always used Pampers diapers so it was a no-brainer to get the Easy Ups . WRONG . These pull on like shorts , whereas the Huggies Pull Ups detach on the side so you do n't have to strip your child to put on a fresh pull up . Also , any time he does # 2 in them , it 's a blow out . I ca n't figure out why , but it does n't happen with diapers or Pull Ups.Had I known that , I would n't have bought them . Now , it 's Pull Ups all the way .
 My boy uses this at night . However this leaks often - when he pees while sleeping , his waist , shirt and the sheet get wet . This had happened quite a few times . We had never had this kind of problem with Huggies Pull-ups .
 I purchased these for my 2 year old , having used the entire Pampers line for him up to this point , as well as for his 5 year old sister when she was younger , and had no problems . When switching to the easy-ups , however , he did n't want to wear them , was constantly itching himself and then developed a diaper rash that would almost go away with medication but never completely . I decided to switch to the Huggies brand and he actually wants to wear them , does n't scratch anymore , and the rash has gone away -LRB- without medication -RRB- . I 'm not really sure why he had trouble with them -LRB- I would assume they are the same `` formula '' as the cruisers but maybe not -RRB- but have always loved Pampers and will probably try their line again when our third arrives later this year but will just keep a close eye on any rashes or redness and be prepared to switch if necessary .
 i usually buy huggies brand but they were out of stock.so i thought id try these , bad mistake.i was putting them on my toddler and one side tore half way off.this happens everytime i put them on him.there is no velcro on the sides , everytime they have to be changed i have to undress my son , which is not good when you have to do it in a public bathroom with theyre filthy floors.these leak like crazy , also when my son pulls them down the rest of the training pants tears off , so even if they werent full they have to be changed again , which means i have to undress him yet again .
 I have always loved pampers for my son . Now that he is at potty training age i have transitioned to pullups . Only these are horrible . They rubbed a sore on my sons bottom from the elastic . They are not as wide as regular diapers , and they dont hold very much at all . Lastly the sides have to be ripped apart to come off . Ill be using huggies for potty training .
 I had my kid in underpants . Daycare wanted him in pull-ups . with the ease of pull-ups he regressed to pooping himself . This are still handy for nighttime , but mostly they un-pottytrained my boy .
 My son is 3 and weighs 26 lbs , and they do not fit him around the waist . His little butt is constantly sticking out . They are bulky on him and he complains about them being uncomfortable . He can easily pull them down , getting them back up is another issue though . Because they are so big , they roll funny and he needs help to get them back up . They also do not reattach once you tear the sides , and this is a tad annoying . It means that anytime he poops I have to completely undress him to put another on . They also do not seem to be very absorbent and have leaked when he has pooped .
 These do not have the easy open sides like the Huggies Pull-ups do . You have to tear them off if you need to change a dirty one . They are also difficult for the child to pull all the way up on their own .
 i have a 5 month old baby and i bought this when she was 3 months old and she wont even use them she has one favorite paci . and she wont use any other god help me if that one gets lost ... i cant find any other ones just like it and i dont even know where i got it from i been to all store and baby shops and everything and have not a clue where i got it from . but these she wouldnt even use not play with she would throw them across the room and still does when i give her one been hopeing she opens up and trying new ones but doesnt look good
 Purchased for trip to Disneyland , but was disappointed with the difficulty in turning and navigating . We returned it and purchased another instead .
 I bought this conditioner -LRB- and it 's matching shampoo -RRB- a few months ago because they were on clearance at Target . I just started using it . However , my hair is SO dry . I decided to stick it out and see if it got better . My hair does look clean for longer than most shampoo/conditions I 've used . However , my hair is tangly and dry all the time , including immediately after I get out of the shower . I would not recommend this product . It HURTS to brush my hair and I feel like the damage it is doing to my hair with how hard and dry it has become can not be outweighed by the fact that it is natural . It does seem like my hair has more body , but I would take soft hair over dry-body any day.Just for info
 I bought this product because my skin has become very sensitive over the years , probably due to all the junk I used to put in it . I now have to be much more careful about the products I buy . Usually I use either Naturelle or Organix products , and I have n't had any problems with those . However , I decided to give this a try because it was readily available , and I was almost running out of my usual.Big mistake . This stuff smells HORRIBLE . I would not recommend it unless you prefer coming out of the shower smelling worse than when you went in !
 We inherited a 10 year old `` City Savvy '' Combi stroller and loved it . It was incredibly light , approx 5 lbs , and manueverable -LRB- could be steered with one hand -RRB- . But after the wheel fell off for the 15th time , we decided to buy a new stroller . I was so happy with our old cloth Combi that I was determined to stick with that brand . I thought the new strollers were quite cute.Unfortunately , I ended up returning our new Combi after just a few weeks . Full disclosure
 I purchased this stroller after hearing from people and reading reviews about how great Combi 's products are . At first I liked it , but there is no room for storage underneath and the wheels are constantly getting stuck to where I can not push the stroller . Plus I am taller than most women and it is nearly impossible to push this stroller comfortably without kicking the wheels . I ca n't imagine how it would be for men to push it . It is made with very cheap materials ... I am already looking for a new stroller after only having it for a few months .
 This is the worst stroller ever , I bought this one on a whim because I forgot my stroller at home and this one was on clearance and I really liked how it folded up and then folded again into a really compact stroller ... I thought this is perfect a little rickety because it does fold so much , but good , then I actually put my son in it and the basket underneath is a joke , it 's more like a drawstring bag and when I put my purse in it , it weighed it down so much that it drug on the wheels and much longer than 1 day & it would 've created a hole in the basket . The harness was annoying to unclip and it did n't do much in regards to holding my son in , he did fall asleep but he did n't look all that comfortable and he was able to get under the actual seat which is only attached to the stroller by a few straps , -LRB- this apparently makes it possible to remove and wash -RRB- but it was annoying that he was able to put things under it ! I will be returning this stroller and never buying it again !
 Despite the picture showing a Yoda topper on the bubble bath , mine came with R2-D2 topper , not what I wanted !!!! Bubble bath works pretty much like any of them do , but smells kind of chemical . Not at all pleased .
 I would give it a big fat ZERO but they wo n't let you go that low . I pumped for almost an hour and got less than a ounce of milk . I have the Medela Harmony , which uses a vacuum type motion to express milk -LRB- I am usually done pumping in 15 minutes and get 5 ounces -RRB- and thought the massaging would work better and this looked very comfortable . I was wrong . I called the 1800 number and they gave me all these things to do to see if it would work better , it did n't . I called back two days later and I am getting a refund . As a mom of a seven month if I had hours of free time I would n't spend it pumping milk . PLEASE SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY !!!!
 Why do stores continue to sell such terrible pumps such as this and Evenflo ? Anyone who does any research knows pumps such as these have numerous complaints logged - even with the FDA because they cause nipple damage and can interfere with a mom making enough milk for her baby . & amp ; # 60 ; br / & amp ; # 62 ; &#60; br / &#62; At least Target also sells a couple of good manual pumps such as the Medela Harmony and the Avent Isis but I wish stores would pay attention to the FDA complaints and not just look at the Nelson marking index when they make their decisions .
 I ca n't stand this pump ! I have seven children and have nursed all of them . I need to pump on occasion when my breast get sore or I ca n't feed for whatever reason . I have tried 6 different brands and styles and this is by far the absolute worse pump I 've used ! The pump is heavy to hold . My little hands get so tired after a few minutes with the pump . Milk flow takes forever !!! And the milk comes out slowly . I do n't get nearly as much milk with this as I did with other pumps . I ususally ca n't get out even a full 4 oz . You have to be very particular about where you place your breast in the shield too . If it is not lined up exactly so you will lose suction . I hate this product , hate it , hate it , hate it . I hope I can get my money back . I am sure going to try . Get the Medela harmony pump . It 's great !!! The only reason that I ended up needing a new pump is that my daughter accidentally broke my harmony pump . I got suckered into buying this one because it won an award . Award ? Whateva !
 After my second son was born I was using the same pump -LRB- Ameda -RRB- that the hospital gave me and when I could n't get it to work for a couple of days I went out and bought this pump thinking that it would be more sturdy . I never really did get it to have very good suction and should have called within a day or two to get a refund but I decided to try and stick it out , which was a BIG mistake . A piece of the plastic that holds the handle down in the front broke . About a week later all I could get was what my body naturally let down . I called customer service and told them that I could n't get any good suction and was told that this pump was for massaging the breast and helping with let down and was n't suppose to have a good suction for extraction . I thought Gerber would have a better product , but obviously not . I am so mad at myself for buying this useless pump . I ended up fiddling with my old pump and getting it to work again . I 've thought of buying another pump but am scared I 'll buy another lemon .
 I bought this pump because the one I had broke . My mom had my baby for the night and I knew she would n't be bring her back until later the next day . Unfortunely , it was after 10 pm and where I live there is n't a 24 hour store . So , I had to wait until the next day to buy one and I knew the only place that was going to be open early was Walmart . I went to their website and researched the models that they had and wrote down the three that were rated good . But when I got there , they did not have any of those models . Two of the three that they had had gotten horrible reviews and the other one was the Gerber Massaging Manual Breast Pump . So , after reading the package I decided on buying it . -LRB- I did n't really have a choice . -RRB- When I used it , it was ok for the first minute or so , but then my milk would get sucked up under the pump part and pushed into the massaging funnel . I thought , ok maybe it was n't dry enough , I will wash it and try again later . I tried again . Same thing again . I kept thinking that it was n't dry enough to use yet . I had dried it off before each use . So since I was getting my daughter back quickly I could wait until the next day to pump , again . When I tried the next , same thing again . I called the company and they told me that I was pumping to fast . So , I tried again . This time going slower . It did the same thing again . Turns out the vent was n't allowing my milk to drain into the bottle . I called the company back and am getting a refund . I only give this product one star for customer service . They were very nice and helpful . Do n't buy this product unless you have a lot of time to spend pumping and do n't mind some frustration .
 I bought this in an emergency , after realizing my manual Avent pump from my first baby was n't working . With my milk in and being very sore and uncomfortable from engorgement , I was looking for a pump for relief . This was NOT it . I tried everything for 2 days trying to get the Gerber pump to work and could only get a total of 2 ounces out in an hour.Needless to say it did not meet my needs . I called customer service and am mailing it back for a refund . In the meantime , I bought a new Avent pump , and am happily able to pump 5 oz in 20 minutes.Don ' t buy this pump !
 THIS IS THE WORST ITEM MY HUSBAND EVER PURCHASED ! 1 . This is not for women with large breast ! - I am a DD and my breast does not fit into the cup properly , so I must adjust ! 2 . The suction on this thing is crappy ! It attempts to do as a baby . It only works when positioned top to bottom . My baby suckle from the side .3 . Pumping
 This pump was a complete waste of money for me . Only when i was extremely engorged could i get more than 2 ounces per breast out , i was never able to drain all my milk or even close to it . On top of it , for a mother with DD cup this thing required me to do some poking and prodding to get the cup to lay against the breast properly . the friend i passed it onto who was smaller said it would n't grab her breast either . So unless you wear a full size c or a small d cup , this pump cant realy be used . Save your money and spring for a different model . I thought gerber would provide me with a quality product instead i became discouraged and stopped breast feeding at 2 months when i couldnt get my milk pumped out to go back to work .
 I bought this pump after a part on my electric pump needed to be replaced . I actually enjoyed a cord and noise free pumping experience , but this pump was simply not effective in my opinion . This pump would be great for a mom relaxing at home , who has plenty of time and only occasionally needs to express milk . I am a working mom , and feel that this certainly could not be depended upon as an effective way to express enough milk for a baby . An hour pumping for 3 oz of milk per breast , I simply do not have that kind of time , comfort or not ! I was very disappointed especially since it is quite pricey for a hand held pump ! I 'd love to see a more comfortable product but it must also be effective !
 I tried to use this breast pump multiple times with my first child and had no success . I pumped for almost an hour the first time and was only able to get a few drops out . The pump does n't have the proper suction it needs , and I think it is definitely a problem if you are a little bigger up top . Needless to say this went in the trash and I would never recommend it to anyone ! What a huge disappointment from Gerber !
 I had a baby 6 weeks ago , and I needed a backup pump in case my other one -LRB- Medela Harmony manual ... highly reccommended -RRB- was dirty or broke . Well , This pump SUCKS -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . After pumping for 20 minutes , I only got drops not even an ounce . I went to their website for extra help , and nothing it was suggested worked . They do n't even have contact info for a refund or something ! Make yourself a favor ... do not buy this product !
 This was so tricky to use . Sometimes I could get it to work and sometimes I 'd have to fiddle with it for ten minutes . Even when it worked , it was n't nearly as effective as other manual pumps I 've tried . It was fairly comfortable , though , I 'll give it that .
 It took me a LOT of pumping just to get a drop of breast milk out ... the suction on this pump is not strong at all . Then after only 2 or 3 days of use the spring broke on the pump , rendering it completely useless . If you 're looking for a good manual breast pump at this price range , I would recommend the Avent Isis , which was given to me as a gift and I have had absolutely no trouble with .
 I bought this about a week after the birth of my daughter . Less than a month into using it , the massage cone cracked . I had to put duct tape over the hole in the cone to get the suction to work . My husband glued the massage cone , and it worked again for a couple of days . Then it broke again . I had to duct tape it everytime I wanted to use it . IT took forever to get anything out . I was pumping 20-30 minutes before I was done . I work as a teacher and do n't have that kind of time to pump . I hated this thing . Once I bought a new one -LRB- that worked 100x better -RRB- , I took a hammer to this thing because it made me so angry .
 I bought this pump when I was pregnant with my first child . After birth , I was up to a DD in size and could NOT get my breast to work with this . I had to manually push and squeeze as much of my breast as I could into it just to get some suction . I would only get an ounce out of BOTH breasts . I ended up using formula about 3 weeks after my son was born.With my next pregnancy , I 'll be sure that the part that goes over your breasts can fit large breasts . I am trying to sell this one right now . I bought it because of the great reviews it got in a magazine I was looking at , so I was bummed .
 I had high hopes for this pacifier , as we have 2 dogs and 3 cats and my son 's pacifiers get instantly covered in hair as soon as he drops them . Even on a pacifier holder , they would fall onto his clothes or blanket & pick up dust and hair instantly . So to say I was excited about this product would be an understatement . Here is what I wish I had known before I purchased it : The keep-it-kleen pacifiers DO NOT AUTOMATICALLY CLOSE ! They have a mechanism that keeps the cover open , until it is jarred/knocked , at which point it snaps shut . This is great for pacifiers that fall on a hard floor from a substantial height , but when it just gently rolls or falls from my son 's mouth when he is in his car seat or stroller , the impact is not enough to make it close , so it just stays open , lying on his shirt/blanket/whatever picking up hair.Also , as other reviewers have mentioned , it does not have very good air flow , so the inside of the pacifier tends to fog up instantly and I 'm not sure this is very hygienic.In summary , I guess that a pacifier that closes some of the times it is dropped is better than one that never closes -LRB- ie a regular pacifier -RRB- , but for the price , and the fact that it does n't work in both large and small drops , I would not recommend it .
 It does n't do what it claims it does . The cap closes AS it touches the floor , not BEFORE in the air ... It makes no sense , since it gets dirty anyways , although it closes ... right after ... Plus they sent me a totally different pattern than the one I ordered . NOt worth it at all .
 The concept is nice , but as other reviewers pointed out , it closes AS it hits something , not before . My bigger problem with it is that it 's hard , and not soft like most other pacifiers , so his face can get red while sucking on this . If he were to hit something with it in his mouth , he could probably get really hurt , so we just do n't use this because of that .
 My 8 week old son hates this pacifier . He is constantly spitting it out . The worst part of it is that half the time , it does n't even close after he 's spit it out . I was expecting a lot more from this pacifier .
 The idea is great , but it just does n't work . The sides that snap closed to keep the pacifier clean dig into my baby 's cheeks . It does n't always close before it hits the floor , either . It was disappointing .
 The part that closes is bulky and due to that , my son barely gets half the binky in his mouth . He has to suck really hard to keep it in , which not only leaves a red mark around his mouth but an indent ! The concept is great , I just wish it was better designed . We 're just going to stick to regular binkies from now on .
 Did not like this item at all . The wings on the pacifer would not stay open so that the baby could use it . This item went in the trash !
 I thought this product would be great for my 14 month old when I saw another mom had it , so I went out and bougght 5 of them with high hopes.However , within 3 hours my son got injured in his lip when he fell with the Keep-It-Kleen pacifier and began to bleed rapidly with a pool of blood beside him . It was very scary !!! I almosty went to the emergency room , but managed to get the blleding to stop after ten minutes or so ... Your child will likely fall down and some point while walking , etc. and if they have the pacifier in their mouth it may cause some extensive damage to the upper , lower lip internally or externally.I contacted the company and they were suppose to send me some information in the mail and to no avail have I received anything from them.Not impressed with the level of concern and curious how many other children will be injured and tramatized from this ... Regards , Concerned Mom
 I never even got to try this product out . I sanitized it , as the packaging said I could . Prior to sanitizing it , it closed with a snap . Afterwards it slowly closed , but never completely . Even after pressing the sides together , it would not stay closed around the nipple.If you get this product , do not boil or steam it . Just wash it in hot water with a mild soap .
 mydoesnt like it because it keeps closing on him when he has it in his mouth my grandson get very upset and cries .
 I had very high hopes for this pacifier when I bought it . However , it was made with such poor quality material & so badly designed that it is really a huge waste of money.The plastic on the outside is so brittle , that if it falls on a hard surface , such as concrete , it is prone to shattering , leaving sharp , jagged edges that you would never put near your baby 's mouth . Also , it does n't take long before the closure no longer closes all the way , defeating the purpose.Furthermore , the clip is just as fragile . The handle that opens & closes the clasp snaps off much too easily , rendering the clip useless . I had to replace both so many times that after 6 months , I gave up entirely & went with another brand , MAM . Both the pacifier & the clip are made of much sturdier materials & the design of the clip is such that the moving parts are much less likely to break off . You 're better off just keeping pacifier wipes handy for when it gets dirty . The cost of replacing the pacifier & clip so often far exceeds the cost of the wipes.Good luck & congratulations to you or the new parents you 're shopping for !
 Only bought this item becuase the picture shows a pump action bottle . Paid double for this product that what they sell for at Walmart becuase I needed a pump action bottle.Was so upset when I opened the box.Really want to return but am not willing to pay another $ 5 for shipping and I am on bed rest !!!
 I love Colgate . Both of my sons have had a Colgate mattress -LRB- the Visco-Classica 2-in-1 -RRB- . This mattress was a replacement for the one he had used since birth -LRB- we purchased it just prior to him turning 4 -RRB- . Now 9 months down the road all the `` stuffing '' is coming out of the mattress . For a couple of months I have had to use packing tape to keep it all in . My son likes to jump on his bed occasionally , and this mattress just could n't stand up to it . If you have a tame child who will use the mattress just to sleep , then you should be fine . However , if you have an active little child like mine , you 'll do better with a mattress with a damask cover that wo n't rip and get caught in the springs of the bed when he -LRB- or she -RRB- jumps on it .
 I had in my mind the memories od the Johnson cologne from when my kids were litlle , so I got this one for my grand dougther and the fracange is no really nice or durable I call my aunt in my contry and she sended me 3 bottles from Uruguay they are really different ! so nice and fresh I really do not understain why here the baby perfume is so different , also ther is no varaity a list you get something imported ,
 The main ingredient is water ! It smells great , but does NOT last.Do not waste your money . Baby lotion lasts longer !
 I ordered the 6 count and only recieved 1 bottle . I could have went to the store and bought it cheaper . SHAME ON AMAZON !
 NEVER use any extra padding in a carseat unless the seat came with it . Although I applaud the innovation and idea , truly needed , the design is seriously flawed . Reading the other reviews I see everyone says , `` I had to loosen the straps on the car seat ... '' . This puts your child at serious risk if in an accident as the padding will compress and suddenly the straps are not tight enough . Same goes for coats and buntings , they should NEVER be used with a carseat . For your baby 's safety just use blankets or even get one of the seat covers that just go over the top of the seat , but anything that interferes with the straps is a BIG safety risk .
 This product is not a safe product and should not be used with your child . Not only does it give additional padding that was not intended , nor tested with your safety seat , but it also voids the warranty of the safety seat . NHTSA -LRB- National Highway Traffic & Safety Administration -RRB- is the government agency that sets standards for child safety seats and states that `` after-market products '' should not be used . It also does not meet FMVSS213 standards as stated in the manufacturer 's description .
 Edited to add ~ I came across one of these -LRB- they 're actually made in my state ~ I put it -LRB- Bundle Me Big -RRB- in my daughter 's Britax seat and I did n't like how it pinched the shoulder harness and pulled them out wider than they should be . So I cut out a section of the back so there 's nothing behind her back and we 're good to go ~ I 'll try posting a foto of what I did -RRB- I 'd give this item 0 stars if I could ~ Why ??? Because this item like any other puffy item -LRB- including thick coats and buntings -RRB- behind baby in a car seat would `` compress '' in a wreck and the harness would then be loose on baby causing possible ejection from the seat/car . Please do n't use this ~ car seat covers that just go over the seat are fine.Shannon ~ A concerned parent and car seat geek !
 i ordered this item in november 2005 and still have not recieved my bundle me , this item is at target . in stock . if you want the jjcole bundle me i would highly recomend getting it else where . my experience has been very unsatisfactory . my baby is already 2 months old and could have used the bundle me considering i live in upstate new york where the winters are very cold and bitter . i have seen the bundle me and think it is a wonderful product . i just wish amazon would ship me my order . mean while they are tying up my money and will not let me cancel my order because of an order error . if i could cancel my order i would go to target and purchase my bundle me but amazon will not refund my money or even worse cancel my order . think twice before you order !
 Based on articles on the dangers of PVC plastic books , this book was tested and found to contain chemicals that are highly toxic for babies and toddlers . This materials have already been banned from children 's toys in Europe.In order to read the many articles online that specifically name this book as having been found to contain chemicals that are dangerously toxic for children , google `` toxic bath books '' or the title of the book with the word `` toxic . `` This book 's concept is wonderful , but those who love children should share photos in another kind of album or book .
 I would give the book overall a 5-star rating - but the two that I have were bought for MUCH cheaper . This is now way too expensive to recommend ! There is nothing special about the book - it 's cute but rather than spend $ 19 just buy a plain one , I promise your baby will not know the difference . The handle is nice but again not worth it ! I looked to find the same photo book offered for less on Amazon but did not see a way to buy it for less . There are several cheaper options available from other sites.Boo to Amazon for changing suppliers on this product and not using common sense !
 I 'm appalled by the lousy quality of this photo album . Ugly plastic that makes the pictures look blurry , absurd format , stitches so badly done that you ca n't even put the photos inside entirely ... Plus you 're supposed to `` tuck a small plastic flap '' behind the photo ... what plastic flap ? No plastic flap . Remind me to tell everybody NOT to buy this product . The people who manufacture it should be ashamed !
 These are not the handy drop-in liners as shown in the picture . You must wrap the top over the bottle . The first time I used , it spilled and I lost half a bottle of milk -LRB- not ideal as my supply was questionable anyway -RRB- . In addition , the measurements on the side are extremely inaccurate . I used these with my Playtex 4-oz bottle -LRB- the bottomless kind -RRB- and it did n't fit correctly ! The edges push against the sides so what reads as 3 oz is really only maybe 1.5 . This would not be safe for formula feeding.Worst product ever !
 Well I really wanted to use the liners to avoid washing the bottles , but am not sure if the liners tolerate hot water when warm up the breast milk .
 I ordered this stroller because of the reviews saying that taller people could use it well . The price was right , the color was right . I was really excited.The minute that I put my 19-month-old into it , I was really unimpressed with the harness . It was so cheap . It also barely fit him without falling out.Then we went rolling . He totally got out of the straps.Maybe this would work for younger babies , but not for toddlers .
 We have a 2-year old who can open all doors with ease . We put on these covers to stop her from wandering outside without our knowledge and she promptly openned the door with the protective cover on it.It does slow her down in opening the door , but she can still do it rather consistently .
 From the moment we put this on our bathroom door our daughter who is 1yr and 8mos , still could open it . Did n't work at all .
 We bought these for 6 of our doors . We had the locks on the doors for only 15 minutes till our 2 year old ... he had JUST turned two ... was able to open the doors even with the locks on them . lol . Buy at your own risk ... just hold onto the packages .
 My 2 and 1/2 year old duaghter figured out how to use these within 1 month . She now has no problem using them at all . I think that are door knobs are slightly larger than a normal one , so it makes it really easy for her to do .
 I have a 2 year old , that ended up walking down the driveway with this on the door . I was watering my flowers , and she was in the house with Daddy and sissy , next thing I know , she is standing right next to me laughing . I brought her back in the house , and watched as she opened the door as quickly as I do . Does n't stop her at all , does n't even slow her down .
 The hole in the middle is just the right size for little fingers to get in . My son realized this immediately . They manufacturers really need to think of a more clever design . The covers did however successfully keep me out when I needed to open the door . I therefore think it should be called `` parentproof '' .
 Assuming your child was born with 2 functioning hands , do n't waste your money . My cat could figure these things out .
 I purchased these door knob covers when my son worked out how to unlock his bedroom door and discovered the wonder that is having the toy room to yourself at 2am . We had them for only a couple of months before he figured out every conceivable way of opening the door . First by sliding his fingers through the hole in the front of the cover to turn the knob , then by firmly slamming the front of the cover with the ball of his palm to break the cover in two and then the way it was intended to be opened.This did prevent him for a little while , however if a child is determined enough to leave or gain entry to a room they will do so . I think that had my son wanted to leave his room badly enough , he would have figured it out a lot sooner.We just bought the KidCo door knob cover and by the time my husband was placing a cover on the third door in our hallway , my son had figured out how to open the first one .
 While these do make it a little bit trickier for a toddler to turn the door knob , there is a large hole in front so that you can still access the door lock . The problem is that children can also access the lock ... We have one on the door that goes out to our garage , and when I stepped out to take out the trash , my son pushed the button and locked me out of the house ! Fortunately we have a spare key outside , but thought I would pass this along as something to consider if you have a child that is fascinated with buttons . There is another style available through One Step Ahead that completely covers the door knob and locking mechanism .
 This item got me thru until my son is now 3 and a half . He now realizes he can stick his finger in the hole of the door knob proofer and open every door in the house . I now have to search for one without a hole at the end .
 I was so excited when I bought these door knob covers as I thought I would finally be able to keep my 2 year old out of the bathroom . He figured it out in a matter of minutes -LRB- in fact I think it made it easier because now he had some leverage -RRB- . Now were back to locking the door and opening it with a credit card -LRB- kind of hard to explain when we have guests -RRB- .
 I tried to put this oven `` lock '' on my oven . Unless you have lots of space between your cabinet and your oven unit you will have trouble even getting this thing to stick.I finally fenagled it into place , sticking the first piece to the side of the oven , then applied the part that goes across the front and latched it in place . Upon opening the oven door with very , very , very little force -LRB- I just barely cracked the door open -RRB- the latch teeth snapped open , as if the latch was n't even there . Tried several times , even sort of holding the teeth , and no luck . In the trash it went.I also tried another lock also from Safety first that seems like it would work great - it has a heavy duty hinge , but the half of the lock with the adhesive surface too short so that there is not enough length on the adhesive edge to adequately anchor it to your oven and still have the hinge lock in place - and the hinge locks in place at less than a 90 degree angle . So this left the latch anchored with only about 1/4 '' of the adhesive strip on the oven . Pop - off it came when I tried to open the door . In the trash it went as well.I 'm very concerned about oven safety for my little guy and completely disappointed in the options out there for ovens . : -LRB-
 This product was a complete waste of money . The latch kept coming undone , and my daughter actually managed to pull the device entirely off the oven because the adhesive was n't strong enough to withstand the heat of the oven . Very poor product overall - glad I only paid $ 3 for it .
 This wo n't work on all ovens . Disappointed it did n't work . I 'll pass it over to a friend instead of returning .
 This attaches with a sticker to the frint and side of the ovenI applied it while 14 month old was in bed . Next morning , after it had time to set , he immediately spotted this new interesting oven lock and just pulled it off ! In my opinion it is completely useless . Wish I had read the other reviews before buying it !
 Product looked great on the web site . Once i got the product it had no instructions for the installation for the lock on the oven door . I had to follow the picture that was printed on the front . It looked very flimsy from the get go . the tape stuck for the side piece easily , the long strip goes on the left side of the oven only , anyways the next piece hooks on the one slide piece , Was very easy to come off . I used the oven 2 days later and the sticky adhesive came off . put it back on once the oven cooled . then a few days later my 18 month old toddler tried to get into the oven popped the lock easy . put the piece once again back together . Then about a week later he pulled the door once again when i was cooking and broke the whole lock easily . If i had not been watching him he would have gotten into the oven and got burned . Would definitely NOT recommend . So , now i will be on the hunt for a good lock that will stand up to the heat and a toddler .
 My son is obsessed with the oven . hurried up and ordered some sort of locking mechanism . got this . he was only about 10 months at the time and he ripped the thing off . waste of money .
 TOTALLY Useless ! The 2 pieces will not stay together when you put any kind of pressure on the cord . Get some retrofits at Window Coverings Safety Council instead !
 The two peices always fall apart . I have found that the safety 1st AC cord mender works better for blinds .
 I think my review title speaks for itself . Thank you Safety First for making a sub par , garbage product , at least you saved money producing it , right ?
 These appear at first to work just fine . But , when my son reached the end of the cord and pulled it , the wind-up popped off , and the cord unspooled instantly.Don ' t trust your baby 's safety to these .
 Falls apart . Just put 2 nails in the wall and wrap cords around instead . Have to say everything we 've bought made by this brand has sucked . Wish we kept the receipts .
 These are a great idea but did n't work for me . Our cords are thick and long and would n't fit inside the box .
 This works but it is just a container to hold the cords . It does not wind and unwind without opening . We ended up just cutting our cords to shorten them .
 I bought these for my plantation blinds . If you have lightweight venetian blinds with very short cords , this might be useful . I can not wind up enough cord to shorten it enough to keep out of reach . And if I do get it short enough , then when I try to actually open the blinds this thing pops off . they are hard to keep on . Also , if they are within reach of the child , they create a strangulation hazard because they create a loop . I am going to replace these with cleats next to my windows .
 I am a short mother of active twins . I purchased these in hopes that it would save my blinds from being yanked down . Sadly after the first couple times of using them I realized they were not going to be any help at all . Any time I try to pull the blinds up or put them back down the cord winder pops apart and the two pieces go flying in opposite directions . I can hold onto them till a certain point but then I am to short to do it the rest of the way . Everytime I use them they come apart . Putting the cords in a loose knot is less work and quicker ! I ca n't even get one winds cords to wind up enough for my two 15 month olds not to get ahold of it . It was a great concept but they just did n't pull it off . They need a much better way of locking the two pieces together for them to be even slightly useful .
 Although the design of these is to wind the cord shorter , when a window is open and blinds are drawn the cord does get longer . I left a room for 30 seconds and came back to see that my son had pulled the cord down and had it wrapped around his neck . Terrifying . Although these do pop open easily , they most definitely did not pop open from the pressure of a child 's neck which I find to be a SERIOUS design flaw . From a company named Safety 1st - back to the drawing board on these !
 Beware of this product if you are likely to have any kind of allergic reaction to this product . And who would guess you would have such a reaction - given that it claims to protect you from harmful sun , is hypo-allergenic , is specially made children 's sensitive skin , it is clinically tested to be mild on kids ' skin.The reality on my skin was not the same ! I am not light colored , I put this stuff on my face -LRB- after I had used it on my kids -RRB- . After one day of exposure to the sun , I woke up next morning with a swollen , itchy dry face . My kids were scared to look at me . My eyes were barely visible . The skin had turned dry and scaly . My cheeks had puffed up to make my face look like a football and my cheekbones pushed out like a quarterbacks . My ears had turned into a pair of red Abyssinian bananas . First I thought it was the hot hawaiian sun or something bit me in the water . As the rash spread through my body I turned into a scary monster . I called the doctors office and they insisted I must have eaten shell fish or something like that . I told them I was a vegetarian so unless a fish forced itself into my body there 's no way it could have got in.Finally , I used benadryl topical that sucked my skin dry and after 15 days I started looking normal after moulting layers of skin . The dermatologist , primary care physician and the pharmacy all thought it was either fish , or stress , or the sun.This happened two more times and the third time I loaded up since we were going river rafting on a hot california day . The day after my face looked like a fried coconut - itchy , burny , etc. . Still no one figured it out . I googled various combination of keywords till I figured that it was sunblock - the alluminum in the paint -LRB- SPF 50 is pracically metal paint on your skin -RRB- . By mistake I put a little again on a trip to italy and it ruined the rest of my vacation . I sat like a reptile in pain for a week , cursing myself for the blunder and am just recovering!This stuff is dangerous , potentially poisonous . Please test thoroughly before risking your or your kids ' sensitive skins . I do n't have an alternative but I would rather get roasted dry by the sun than die of chemical poisoning from this .
 Never buy expired sunscreen , or sunscreen that does n't indicate the expiration date . Sunscreen does n't give protection beyond the expiration date !
 I ordered this bar to go on my Baby Jogger City Series Double Jogger . The clips snapped on easy enough , the only problem is that when I go shopping the clips make the stroller too wide to fit through a standard size door . I kept trying different angles , but the clips snapped off every time . O well , live and learn ...
 This was complicated to put together . Now that my child is on solids , it does nothing to contain the smell . By the end of the day the pail smells and so does the nursery . What 's the use ? I bought this hoping it would eliminate dirty diaper smell in the nursery , it has n't lived up to my expectation . This is going into my next garage sale .
 I had to hide my diaper genie away next to the trash can in the pantry - it stunk from diaper no . one plus its difficult to hold the baby in your arms and with a free hand push a dirty diaper into the thing , then twist the top to seal it off ... ewe - not worth the money , not worth the effort - I save all my plastic grocery bags and grab one for each dirty diaper , knot it , and throw it in the trash can - easier & cheaper !!
 I used the diaper genie for my newborn and by the time she approached her first birthday the thin plastic hinges on the diaper genie lid were broken and cracked off and the sharp thin plastic pieces under the lid -LRB- used to cut the genie plastic when the pail is full -RRB- also cracked off . The diaper genie does not completely take the stink away once your little one starts to eat solid foods -LRB- This includes the `` toddler '' diaper genie refills too -RRB- . Also , I found the diaper genie refills to be expensive over the long run and most grocery stores carry a low inventory or are often out . Myth
 Do n't even bother with this product . It requires you to buy special bags , it is cheaply constructed , it is virtually impossible to operate while keeping one hand on a squirming baby on the changing table , and the bags make a loud rustling sound when disposing a diaper . -LRB- That may not sound like a bad thing , but it is when it wakes a sleeping baby at 4AM ! -RRB- Check out the Diaper Champ . MUCH more user friendly !
 The Diaper Genie was a gift 2 years ago when I had my son , and we thought it was the way to go . It 's pretty good at holding in odors , I 'll give it that . But it 's difficult to use
 Ugh . Great idea . But it is a pain in the *** to use ! Does n't work right - you twist and twist and it gets jammed in the top , or does n't twist the diaper . You have to stick your hands in the diaper mess to get the diaper down low enough to twist off . I got this as a gift - good thing I did n't buy it myself or I 'd be back at the store raising hell .
 I was able to figure out how to work Diaper Genie , but it 's a lot of work and it does n't work well . The device basically attempts to make little dirty diaper sausages . You put the diaper into the bag that has one end tied off , turn the head to slice the bag at the other end and tie that end off.All this happens while your baby is sitting on the changing table or , in the best situation , running around or lying on the floor , and you 're futzing with the stupid bags.After just a few days we switched over to Diaper Champ , which uses straight tall kitchen garbage bags and has a rotating top that keeps the basic stink out . It works much more simply and quickly than Diaper Genie .
 This product was a gift and it is more trouble then its worth . I only used it for about a month and it was such a pain . I would rather just empty the trash can once a day then mess with this thing . The odor was still present while using it and when I would open it to put a diaper in it the horrible stench would become even worse and would linger for hours . It is now sitting in our garage until we can give it away .
 hi i have used both and they are horrible ! the diapers will not seal . this is a waste of money trash bags work just as good the thing is a waste of plastic platex customer service needs working on do not suggest to anyone
 I thew this thing away within one month of having it . It was the biggest waste of money . We kept trying to figure out where this nasty smell was coming from in our house . We finally put the diaper genie outside . And the smell disappeared . I threw the thing AWAY . I 'll stick with good old tied up grocery bags ...
 This product is complicated and does not even work right . The few times that I tried to use it , the diaper would not go down the tube , and it would not cut the string of diapers for disposable . What I ended up doing was throwing the diapers into the trash can and taking out the trash every night . Do n't even waste you money to try it .
 You are wasting your money on special refil bags with the genie . The Diaper Champ takes regular kitchen bags , has no smell issues , is engineered beautifully , and you do n't even have to tie knots ...
 This diaper genie product is horrible . My daughter 's room always stunk when you walked in it . I even bought the stage 2 refills because my daughter is going on 2 and I always smelled the `` poops '' when I would walk into her room . DO NOT BUY A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY . I was able to return it to BRU and get my money back !
 0 Stars -- The last thing anyone needs is a contraption that rolls poopy diapers into sausage links . My advice
 It stops twisting the bag after a few days . I returned it and got another piece a few days ago and found the same problem with the new one as well . Will now try diaper champ .
 when we registered , we thought that that genie was the only one out for diaper disposal . since it was all we had heard of , we thought `` of course we have to have it . '' what a joke ! it does work for the odor factor , but our son in only 2 months and i heard poop does n't really start to stink until solids are introduced . it is just so incredibly awkward to use . it takes 1 hand to push the button on the top and the other hand to pull the top open . do n't forget you have a dirty diaper in one hand , too ! we wrap our diapers pretty good and have still gotten poop on the sides a few times . yuck ! you have to push the diaper in way farther than you expect , close it and then turn until you hear 2 clicks . it needs a foot peddle or SOMETHING ! my husband and i really hat it and think it 's a waste . i have a feeling we 're just going to stop using it because it 's way more of a hassle than the smell of dirty diapers . wish we knew sooner that it really sucked ...
 This is by far the worst product on the market . The entire system seems like a huge waste of bags - which are expensive , time and energy . I find it crazy go out and buy expensive refills when there are other alternatives . It was hard to put together and hard to use . It regardless of how many times you ` twist and seal ' it really never stays . The smell was not that bad , however I literally used Lysol on it every time it was emptied . Overall huge waste of money and I eventually threw it away and started saving the bags the paper comes in everyday and threw the dirty ones away in those .
 Do n't bother purchasing this product , in order for it to come close to working you have to push the diaper down 18 inches . The problem with this is that you know you should n't have to waste that much plastic to secure each diaper ... but it sure does work towards making you have to purchase more refills . I plan on using the remainder of my refill then returning or chucking the device .
 It does control the smell as well as other diaper pails , but that 's the only positive thing I can say about this thing . It uses special cartridges to turn your dirty diapers into a giant string of sausage links , however , the refills are relatively expensive -LRB- $ 6/per -RRB- and we needed a refill about every 3 - 4 weeks.It was difficult to replace the cartridge , and the performance was spotty once you actually got it refilled , often resulting in diapers not being twisted into a neat package like they were supposed to be , but rather , being dropped into a large , open sack.I could never remember if it was 3 twists or 4 twists to wind it up , and in general , got really irritated any time I had to deal with the Diaper Genie -LRB- which was about 10x/day at first -RRB- . We junked this thing after 2 months and bought a Diaper Champ , which I love as much as one can love a diaper pail .
 Yuck ! Do n't waste your time and money ! This one is super stinky . The Diaper Genie II is much better . They both do waste plastic , but at least with the Genie II , you do n't have to use an additional trash bag to throw out the old diapers .
 Do not even bother with this !!! It is a total piece of Junk !
 The Diaper Genie does do what it claims . It helps keep the odors in and looks much better than an overflowing trash can . I originally bought it thinking that it would do a better job of keeping odor trapped than diaper pails that did not use the twist and tie system and just used ordinary trash bags . But just to compare , I also bought a Diaper Champ ... MUCH better . It did just as good of a job with the odor , was much easier to use , and I can use ordinary kitchen trash bags instead of expensive diaper genie refills . I got rid of the diaper genie and bought 2 diaper champs instead .
 I used mine for about a month . Getting the bags in is a pain and the SMELL . It just lingers throughout my baby 's room . It went right in the dumpster .
 When I registered for my baby shower the Diaper Genie was a must have ! I thought it would help keep the ` diaper smell ' out of the room and most importantly , would be convenient . It works fine if you have a 3rd arm . I did n't like not having a foot petal to open the can while attending to my daughter , or needing to turn the bag by hand after having to smash the diaper into the its little holding section -LRB- it scraped my fingers -RRB- . Not to mention , the blade that was supposed to cut the bag free to dispose of it never worked . I had to get scissors to cut the bag away . The whole time I was trying to fiddle with the can the diaper smell would come out and tended to linger for longer than I would have liked . I 'm currently looking for a better replacement . Do n't waist your time and money on this like I did !!
 We got this for our daughter , and it was a huge waste of money . From day 1 the thing smelled , and it was very hard for a 1st time sleep-deprived mom to figure out the darn thing . Plus it 's a pain to empty , and you have to buy special diaper bags . After the first week it hardly got any use at all , and after a month it was in the garbage .
 If I would do it all over again I would not buy the diaper genie . I breast feed and my daughter has very stinky poops . I switched to stage 2 and my daughter is only 2 months old but I thought it would keep the smell out better . But it doe n't . The smell goes away after a little bit but every time you open the diaper genie the smell comes out . And I have a bit of a problem every time I reset the genie . The first few diapers do n't seem to want to turn in . The just untwist . Also it is little and I am having to empty it every 3 to 4 days .
 Typically , it works alright . However I have problems with the cutting mechanism almost every time I empty it , it will only partially cut through the plastic -LRB- and that was on the stage 1 -RRB- . And after I empty it , I re-tie a knot and twist the top and the next time I put a diaper in , it just spins and spins with out actually tying up the diaper .
 All I ever heard were great reviews on this product . Unfortunately , not long after having the product , my husband tried refilling the `` bag '' & ended up squashing the edges of the `` liner '' ring . Its very difficult to replace the `` bags '' now & I struggle to get the ring back on . I 'd prefer something else that uses regular trash bags . My son is already 2 & I see no point buying anything new . I 'd rather just use the regular trash pail for now & empty it more often.When we have another baby , I 'll opt for another product than the Diaper Genie . Not a preference for me ...
 I really liked the diaper genie at first . It is easy to use and def . hides odors . However , now that my son is in size 3 diapers it gets fulls so fast . I have to empty it every other day and it now goes through the refills really fast . I have stopped using it and am looking for another diaper pail system !
 I bought the Genie despite my friends warnings against it . I wish I had listened ! It does , in its defense , contain odors . However , you have to PUSH or STUFF the diaper and its contents which could possibly squish out when the diaper is forced into the Genie . This alone was enough to discourage my husband from even using the Genie . Then you have to twist to seal , which sometimes does n't work because you have the correct ratio of bag to diaper for it to actually twist off and not open again when the next diaper is added . Also , it does n't hold very many diapers , even for little guys . The refills are also a drawback , as they are expensive and you ca n't ever find coupons for them . I would definitely go for the Diaper Champ --
 Ugh ! Where do I start ? This diaper pail is the biggest pain ! When you put a new diaper in , it pulls open the twist that is supposed to hold the last diaper in , and yes , I am talking about the `` new and improved '' version . I 'd hate to see what the original version was like ! In addition , you have to really push the diaper in for it to work , and who wants to squish a dirty diaper in their hand like that ? Yuck ! I prefer simply dropping a diaper into a bin , not shoving it halfway down.Our local Babies R Us said that the Diaper Genie is the Number 1 most returned item in the store . Do n't waste your time . Find something else . I mean , do you really want to wrestle with your diaper pail every time you change a diaper ?
 This diaper genie works okay , but I really do n't want to buy refills for it . I got a ton of diaper genie refills for my baby shower , but now I am running out of them , so I might just invest in the diaper champ since you do n't have to buy refills for it.The diaper genie blocks the odor pretty well , but when you open it , it really stinks ... I know a friend who owns a diaper champ and it does not stink when you put a diaper in because you never actually OPEN it.Another bad thing about the diaper genie is that you have to shove the diaper in there really far in order to get it in right . You also have to push the diaper in pretty hard . It can get nasty sometimes because no one wants to push on a squishy diaper like that , it 's just gross !! Changing the refills also sucks . It 's like this big stinky chain of diapers . I hate it.So , overall , the diaper genie is okay ... but I think I might just buy the diaper champ because it just seems easier and better .
 The genie was on my registery and I did receive it and now wish I had never put it on the list . Odor barrier my foot ... My daughter is now 17 months old and the smell has gotten so bad that I have had to move the thing into the bathroom so she does n't have to smell it . The other disadvantage is that it has never `` sausaged '' for me . I always wind up with a bag of nasty smelly diapers . The cutter never works and the refills are very pricey for the stage 2 `` film '' . Despite the fact that it is supposed to `` keep pets out '' as I had read in one of the ads for it , IT DOES N'T !!! My 3 year old Labrador Retriever has no problem popping open the lid and `` retrieving '' a few dirty diapers for me . I plan on pitching the Genie and buying the Diaper Champ or Dekor system as reccomended by my friends who have older children .
 I have the new and improved diaper genie ... . and it is the worst baby product i have ever owned . It stinks up her room and after only 4monthes of using it it will not even cut the diapers when you need to empty it , we have to use scissors . We have a constant stinky smell in my daughters room ... and we clean and air it out AT LEAST once a week . I would not reccomend this product to anyone .
 I am not a fan of this product . When we first got it , I liked it just fine . The smell was confined , and the clean up was easy . Now that my son is 6 months old , I wish I had n't registered for it . You have to go to BabysRUs everytime you need a refill . I go through refills about once a month -LRB- I have a genie upstairs , and one down stairs , if I had one , I 'd probably have to go every 2 weeks -RRB- . Having a baby in my life , I 'm more frugile with my money and $ 10 a month on refills is not cool . They are glorified trash bags . Plus I have to go out of my way to go to BabysRUs , then you factor in impulse buys ... it 's not worth it . If I had invested in something like the Diaper Champ , I 'd be able to use regular trash bags , that we have at our house , and the smell would still be confined . Plus you can throw things away like Q-tips without having to worry about the bag tearing . Than not realize the bag has teared , and you keep stuffing dirty diapers in it , and when you go to empty it out , you get a big fat smelly mess . This product stinks , literally .
 I wish I had done my research before wasting my money on the Diaper Genie . This is the one thing I own that I really do n't think is worth the $ . It really does n't work as expected . I 've had mine for a year , so I 'd say I 've given it a fair chance . When you 1st start a new `` sausage '' it takes at least 5 or 6 diapers for it to start working properly & twisting them individually , in the mean time all of those smelly diapers are just hanging there in one large `` sausage '' bag together . By the time it really starts working like it 's suppossed to , it 's time to empty it for trash day , then you 're right back at square one . Since my son is a year old & older babies do n't poop near as much as newborns , it can take several days to get enough diapers for it to start working right , consequently when you open it to put in a new diaper , the smell of nearly a weeks worth of dirty diapers will knock you over . -LRB- I only use it for poopy diapers because wet ones do n't really stink , so why spend the $ on the film for wet ones . -RRB- Also , the plastic is scented , so the combo of dirty diapers & `` flowers '' is more disgusting than the dirty diapers alone . It 's so bad that I 've quit even using mine . I just use the regular trash can . In the long run , I think they smell less when they are in the fresh open air of a regular trash can than when the smell is confined to the diaper genie.If , even after reading this review , you do go ahead & give the Diaper Genie a try , one thing to consider is that poopy diapers of breast fed babies do n't really stink , -LRB- I know , I thought that was crazy too the 1st time someone told me , but it 's true . Not like toddlers ' diapers anyway . -RRB- so why even bother spending the $ on the film for the 1st 6 months . I put mine away until we started on solids , & just when I need it the most , it fails me ! Also , the film may be expensive , but if you do n't waste it on wet diapers , I have to admit , a refill will last a long time.This is a great concept if it would work , the only problem is that it does n't work !
 My Brother 's family has gone through TWO diaper genies and we have now gone through ONE . The lid breaks off of them after a while , around a years worth of use , not abuse . I am very dissapointed by this and we ca n't be the only family that this happens to . I am going to try to reach Playtex to see if they will send a new lid for ours . It depends upon their response whether or not I will buy another one for our next child . It is no use buying Stage 2 refills as they are more expensive and do not control odor any better than the stage one . By the time they are old enough for Stage 2 they usually only poop one to two times a day and I could use the fresh air I get from taking the diaper out to our big trash can outside after changing that kind of a diaper anyways .
 Do n't get suckered into buying a contraption that forces you to spend money on proprietary bags . You can get a much better product , called the Diaper Champ . It 's very easy to use and you can use whatever trash bag you want . You really wo n't need it , but if you are so worried about the smell , you can buy the Glad Oder Shield bags
 Do not waste your money on the Diaper Genie . Even the `` new and improved '' Diaper Genie ca n't compare to the Diaper Champ . The Diaper Champ uses regular size trash bags where the Diaper Genie requires special refills . I ca n't speak for anyone else , but personally , the idea of having to constantly buy expensive refills for my diaper pail , when we already have trash bags in the house , is nuts.As for the `` smell '' issue . Let 's face it - diapers stink . And regardless of brand , ANY diaper pail still needs to be emptied on a regular basis . As for the Diaper Genie vs the Diaper Champ , I have seen no difference in odor control between the two brands - both work pretty well to contain and control odor better than a regular trash barrel , but neither are odor proof .
 The `` genie '' is flawed in many ways . The basic answer is this product does n't really work . Smells still leak out , diapers do n't seal into their sausage rolls consistently , and the cutting blades quickly become dull causing your little poop sausages to unroll as you try to cut the bag to throw the darn thing away ! It 's a finicky contraption that only works like it 's supposed to about 10 % of the time . It 's made of plastic which absorbs odors so even after you empty it , it still smells like poop . We were buying a new refill about every 5 days . I got tired of spending $ 25 - $ 30 a month on trash bags that did n't work.Don ' t waste your money on buying any diaper `` system . '' Any time you have poop in a container inside your house , it will smell . There is no way to prevent odors from leaking out . And the longer those diapers sit , the more they ferment . Think about it . If you took the lid off a trash can in your house and did your business in it , put the lid back on and left it for a few days , how do you think it would smell ? Why do you think bathrooms have exhaust fans?What we do in our house is have a small trash can that clips to the side of the changing table . We bought it at IKEA for about $ 5 . Walmart sells 4-gallon vanilla scented trash bags in rolls of 100 for $ 4 . Every time -LRB- and I mean every time -RRB- we have a poopy diaper , the trash bag gets tied up and thrown in the trash can outside . Our daughter is old enough now that she carries the trash to the door for us . I then pick her up and we go outside and drop the bag in the trash can . The diaper trash gets taken out once or twice a day , and the bag only costs about $ .04 . We spend much more per diapers . The house has never smelled of diapers since we started doing this 9 months ago ! I sold our `` genie '' on ebay for $ 20 .
 I 've had the diaper genie for a year now and I 'm ready to review . The first 5 months the genie did well . I found it easy to use and it did contain the stink from my daughter 's diapers . Then , well , she started solids and the genie started smelling REALLY bad . Like port-o-john on a hot day bad . I used Lysol to clean it twice a week and let it airdry , but it did n't help . The lid also broke off . I would n't suggest anyone purchase this unless they plan on buying another one every 2-3 months .
 The Diaper Genie worked well for the first year of our son 's life but lately -LRB- he is 16 months now -RRB- it has been really stinking . I washed it out and sprayed it with Lysol and it still stinks . I have stopped using it and am looking at other brands to use for our second baby - due in a month . The Wall Street Journal just ran a review of diaper disposal systems and they really liked the Diaper Dekor Plus .
 We bought the diaper genie on a recommendation from a friend , but even word-of-mouth suggestions only go so far . My daughter was breast-fed so when she was a newborn her poopy diapers did n't smell much . But the moment she started on solids , and we really needed the diaper genie to work , it FAILED MISERABLY . Her room started to smell almost right away . Even though the bags are scented it does n't help . We used this item properly , and truly hoped that it would 've worked , but it did n't and it was simply a waste of money . I recommend you choose another diaper pale instead of this one .
 I hate the NEW diaper genie . The refills are very hard to cut when the pail fills up . Also when it is emptied it smells sooo bad ... take it outside before you even open it . Lastly ... I had olny had about 5 diapers in there and they were all pee diapers and I opened it and there were bugs inside !!! Do not get this . I would reccommend the Diaper Champ or simply a small can with a doedorizer or air freshener , Safety 1st has a nice one .
 bought it for my 2 month old nephew and he 's on fomrula feeding and wow ... the diapers smell awful even inside the genie diaper and the refills are expensive and they do n't last more than 3 weeks , so do n't waste your money , do n't buy it !!!!
 I did n't know too much about diaper pails so when we got this , we thought it would work wonders . Wrong ! The pail still has smells and you have to buy special containers to refill . My daughter goes though about one bundle a week and then we have to change it . We still however use it . It 's been with us for about a year but I am defentially looking for a new one . Just make sure you have an air freshener near buy when you 're changing the pail .
 Spring for the extra $ 10 and get the Genie II or the Champ . Once your baby starts to eat foods -LRB- cereal , purees etc. . -RRB- her/his BMs are going to make a much bigger stink than they do 0-4 months.I find that the twisting system is imperfect - for one thing , when starting a new `` bag , '' you can twist one diaper in there but once you get a second or even third diaper in there , the bag unwinds -LRB- so you end up having several diapers to a single `` pod '' -RRB- . It is not until you have so many diapers in there does it finally begin to twist them individually.Secondly , independent of the first issue , the ribs on the lid do n't always catch the bag so it often takes time before your twisting becomes effective in order to `` close off '' the bag.Third , too often after using the razor , it continues to cut the bag even after you 've released it . So if you start a new sleeve , it 's still in cutting mode . Too wasteful .
 I used one of these for the first 8 months after my baby was born . It made me mad because it would n't twist properly , I had to press the top down and twist at the same time -LRB- using both hands -RRB- . It was pretty frustrating as a new parent , just one more thing to make you feel inadequate , not being able to figure out the silly diaper pail . When we started solids it could not contain the smell -LRB- yes I used the # 2 refills -RRB- . And the plastic that the Genie is made from soaks up smells . I sprayed the inside with Lysol and let it air out between emptyings , and it still stank ! Finally I soaked the darn thing in the bathtub in bleach . That finally got the smell away , but after a few more weeks of use it soaked up smell again . I threw the freakin ' thing in the trash and now just use grocery bags for poopy diapers . I 'm looking for a new decent diaper pail .
 This was one of three diaper pails I tried while my daughter was in diapers , and my least favorite of the three . Sure , the idea of twisting the diapers into their own little sausage-like casings seems appealing , but all that twisting led to some real issues with my elbow - very painful . And the hefty price you have to pay for the replacement bags ... what a rip-off ! I ended up using the Diaper Champ and was really happy with that diaper pail - no special bags required and all you do is drop the diaper in and flip the handle over .
 We HAD a Diaper Genie , it 's a total waste of money and plastic . The Diaper Genie was so hard to use and did n't do anything to stop odors . My son 's room smelled as if we threw the dirty diapers in an open garbage . And the fact that you have to buy their `` special bags '' added insult to injury.We replaced it with THE FIRST YEARS CLEAN AIR DIAPER DISPOSAL SYSTEM . It 's so much more effective and easy to use than the Diaper Genie , and you use your own tall kitchen garbage bags.The greatest thing about The First Years Clean Air Systen is that it can store about 6-7 days of my son 's diapers without NO yucky odors . WOW !! We love this product so much . Our son 's room smells clean with no poopy odors , and we save money by using our own tall kitchen bags . It 's also very easy to change -- no confusing bag twisting.STAY AWAY FROM THE DIAPER GENIE . You 'll just end up having to replace it because your baby 's room will stink terribly .
 I registered for , and received the diaper genie at my baby shower . The diaper genie works for the first month or two at keeping the room odorless . Once my son was two months old , his room , where the genie was located , began to smell !!!! I thought I was loading the liners wrong ... I was n't ! Bottom line is it does n't work ! My sister-in-law got the diaper champ and has not had any problems .
 We have had the diaper genie for 6 months with our first born . The lid -LRB- hinges in the back -RRB- just recently broke , I would have thought this was a one time thing , but our friends who have used the diaper genie for 6 months as well , had just purchased another diaper genie due to the same reason.Also as stated in previous reviews . The twisting and cutting mechanism on the lid does not always work on the first couple of tries . We will be trying out a different diaper pail .
 We registered for the diaper genie because it was recommended by others . We 've had trouble with it ever since . Sometimes the entire bag twists instead of sealing off the diaper . Our biggest problem is cutting the bag when the genie is full . Usually it will cut half the bag but no more no matter how much you try . We usually have to get scissors and cut it this way . It 's more trouble than it 's worth and I would not recommend the genie to anyone .
 The `` new and improved '' version is a complete waste of money . We bought a new diaper genie to replace the two year old version we used with our first child . The `` new and improved '' version is poorly designed and releases the wonderful diaper smell into the room every time you open the lid to put a new diaper in . You would think the product development folks at Playtex would have discovered this before fielding the new version , but alas we are stuck with the smelly genie . After seeing our friend 's Diaper champ in action this weekend , our diaper genie is going to the curb and getting replaced by the diaper champ ! Do n't waste your money with the genie !
 If this is considered a new & improved product , I would sure hate to see what the older version was like . This is my first experience with the diaper genie and DEFINITELY my last . In a matter of 6 months , I purchased 3 diaper genies as they have all broken.After reading all the rave reviews on the Diaper Genie , I expected more . I gave in to the idea of living with the continual odor that escapes everytime you open the lid . Yet at a friends house I realized there is bigger & better out there , not just life with the diaper genie . I finally came to my senses and switched to a BETTER diaper system -LRB- the diaper champ -RRB- and am much happier !!! I have several friends that are expecting their first child and I am steering them AWAY from the diaper genie as best as I can .
 I bought the Neat system , and really liked it , but my husband did n't like the fact that you had to use two hands to put in the diaper . After about 10 months we decided to try a new system , and opted for the Champ ! Our entire side of our house smelled like baby poop with the Champ . We then bought the Genie and our entire house smelled like poop and the pail was a pain to use . I could n't use it one handed because I had to hold down the lid to turn it -LRB- it must have been defective -RRB- . Then after a week of use , our pail stopped twisting the diapers . Playtex was very good about returning it , since Babies r Us would n't return a used pail -LRB- ca n't say I blame them -RRB- . I bought another Neat diaper system and am so happy with it . Yes you have to use two hands , but really after the baby is a few months old you ca n't really hold them up on the table one handed anyways because they are so swirmy . This truely is odor free , with the exception of when we change the plastic liner . Also , this holds at least twice as many diapers as the Genie or the Champ . We can go a week without changing the liner if we want to and there is still no odor . Everyone complains about the cost of refills verses the Champ , but really , the refill lasts at least a month , so for less than five dollars a month I can have a odor free home and not have to change the pail every two days . It 's totally worth every penny ! The neat system blow the genie out of the water . I ca n't believe that this was considered `` improved '' . It was the worse of the three I tried .
 I purchased the diaper genie because of the reviews that it had received . I am going to be a new mommy very soon , and I wanted to be prepared for everything . So here I am with my husband , putting it together , wrapping some -LRB- fake -RRB- poopie diapers and twisting the genie just like the instructions states . Over and over again , the sausage links were NOT happening . So I went to the computer , went to diaper genie website . Followed the same instructions again . Just wasting more and more of the plastic bag . Then I decided to read all of the reviews on babies r us , the good and the bad for helpful hints on how to get this thing working before my big day comes . Well , more and more reviews stated the same frustrating issue . THE BIG POOP SAC not perfect sausages links . And the cutting was not easy either . To anyone out there , do not throw away the box . I have kept the boxes to everything and babies r us are very good in exchanging and returning products just hold on to the boxes .
 I think it 's OK , I dont think it holds very many diapers cause of the particular way it collects the diapers . I personally prefer the diaper champ .
 waste of time , and money . It 's just for show , still put diaper in plastic grocery bag and put in trash .
 Contrary to other reviewers , I prefer the Diaper Genie to both the Diaper Champ and the Diaper Dekor , in part because of superior containment of smell . As one reviewer notes , there are a number of steps involved , but they 're easy to learn , become second nature , and most importantly they * work * . We actually have to Genies , one of the earlier model and one of the purportedly `` new and improved '' Diaper Genie . The latter model , however , is not an improvement.The redesign allows the bag inside to be turned using the closed lid rather than by holding the bag on the inside . But the lid wo n't twist the bag if there 's is n't much weight -LRB- at least 4 diapers or so -RRB- in it , which means it does a poorer job of containing the smell * and * occasionally makes a mess of the bag when you try to cut it -LRB- by pressing a button on the lid while twisting -RRB- . The old design has one main problem
 I am extremely dissatisfied with my Diaper Genie . The refill bags are expensive -LRB- and keep in mind that once your baby starts eating solids , you have to purchase the toddler refill which is more expensive then the stage 1 refill -RRB- . It really does n't keep the odor out . Sometimes it 's difficult to twist the bag closed , and just recently the lid broke off ! We only had the diaper genie for 10 months , and now I 'm looking at other brands , I 'm considering the diaper champ , since it 's had some good reviews . Think twice before purchasing this overated item . The main reason why I purchased it was to keep the odors from smelling up the room , and I was willing to pay the cost of the refills , but it did n't even do that . If I could give this product 0 stars I would .
 I received this as a gift and it 's a royal pain . The worst thing is that when you empty it -LRB- every other day ! -RRB- the next few diapers you put in go straight to the bottom . I went to the diaper genie web site to make sure I was doing everything right and I was , it 's just a bad design . I am sorry I did n't register for another brand with better design and less expensive refills .
 Good concept , bad execution . This pail has the specific liner insert that you HAVE to buy to make it work . One more trip to the store you should n't put yourself through ! The `` spin '' mechanism -LRB- to twist the liner and block the smell -RRB- does NOT always engage and just spins for its own sake . The cutting mechanism has worked as advertised 1 out of 10 times . That 's 10 % in my book , that 's not good enough when you are tired , the wife has asked you to empty the pail in the dark of night and your fumbling with a knife or scissors to cut the bag off . Need I say more ?!? I 've just added the `` Diaper Champ '' to my baby registry and am glad I saved the box so I can put the Genie back in it and take this back!P.S. , the `` 1 star '' is really a '' .50 star '' that gets rounded up to 1 .
 We 've had the Diaper Genie for 14 months . It has started to smell so badly lately , I gag when I put a diaper in . We have washed and washed it . And , in 14 months , I have never figured out how to use the refills . My husband has to do it every time . I have n't found anyone that likes the diaper system they use . Same problems with the Champ , and the Dekor one from Right Start - you can only buy refills there , and it 's pricey . My friend said it 's not worth it .
 We - like many other parents thought this was a must have item and yet after 11 months I just returned from putting it out on the curb and am a happier parent now for several reasons
 When I was a new mom ten years ago , building my baby registry , reading Amazon reviews , and since then over the years -LRB- three kids later -RRB- , I have been waiting or the day I could come back , seasoned , and pick my best and worst . This makes the WORST list ! No matter what , no diaper pail is worth the hassle . If you really really want the mess/smell out of your room/house , keep a supply of recycled grocery plastic bags on hand ; tie that nasty thing up and throw it out in the garage/garbage can . PLEASE resist the urge to buy a diaper pail - use that registry list for a few sets of high quality white twin sheets and mattress pads ; because in a few years when that baby goes in a bed , you 'll be so happy to move to twin sheets and white matches everything through the years no matter the room theme : -RRB- trust me : -RRB-
 The Diaper Genie stinks . The cutter never works properly and you have to use your hands too much while disposing diapers . This gadget is supposed to make things easy on you and yet it is more of a hassle to deal with than it is worth . The liners are expensive as well .
 I do like having a disclosed place for the smelly diapers but I could live without the difficulty on how to get the new package of liners back in Genie . My husband has to do it . I would go for something more expensive that I have seen on the market that is easier and masks smells better .
 Before our son was born we thought that Diaper Genie was a must have . We received it for a gift and were ecstatic . However , by the time our son was 9 months we could not take the frustration of broken clips , stuck diapers -LRB- the turning mechanism is a good idea , but does not work well -RRB- and smell any longer so one day I took it for a walk out to our dumpster and waved goodbye forever.Shortly afterwards we purchased the Neat system that had been advertised on TV . What an improvement ! Our son just turned two and it 's still going strong ! It does n't have a turning mechanism so it 's simple to use , it 's larger so it holds more diapers , the thick plastic contains most odours -LRB- nothing is perfect ! -RRB- and it is easy to empty -LRB- just plug your nose -RRB- . The only downside that we have found is that refills are not available everywhere . So far we have only found them at Wal-mart and online at www.sears.ca . Hopefully more Canadian stores will catch on soon !
 The diaper genie was a waste of money . People on a limited budget can not afford the refills . The `` sausaging '' kept coming undone every time I changed the genie . The worst of it was when my baby started using larger diapers the genie needed to be changed at least once a day . The Diaper Champ is about the same cost initially and saves you money because you can use any type of garbage bag , even generic and it eliminates the smell just as well as the genie . The bonus of the Diaper Champ is that is so simple to use . I disposed of the genie when my son was 6 months old and have been using the Champ for 3 years . Lets face it , until your children are potty trained you will be dealing with stinky diapers which are costly anyway , why waste extra money on something that does not work as well as they say it does .
 The second that I opened this thing over two years ago it was a problem . It was complicated to put together and still after many refills a mystery to reload . The plastic bags never seemed to stay twisted , so the diapers would all be in one big section . I guess I 'm lazy but , it just seems to hard . When you have a two year old and a new born diaper disposal should not be so difficult . After my second child was born I bought some refills -LRB- which makes me crazy , seems like a waste of money ! -RRB- and tried to get the thing up and running . Well some small plastic thing fell out -LRB- still ca n't find where it belongs -RRB- and the cutting ring is warped and a ragged at the edge . The ring no longer fits . I put stinky diapers in plastic grocery bags and toss them in the trash .
 I did NOT like the `` new & improved '' Diaper Genie . First the button kept breaking off to open the thing . Second , you have to stick your hand deep in the pail - more than I wanted to for a diaper pail . Third , the cutter rarely worked . I had to use scissors more times . Forth , when I put the refills in , it never started off correctly . Finally , the odor control was aweful . Although , no matter what diaper disposal unit you use , the only way to completely control the odor is to empty it regularly and clean it . I was NOT impressed with this product at all - I would have given it zero stars if it was an option . I ended up going to buy another one , that was cheaper and works a lot better - no fuss at all .
 The Diaper Genie that we have I believe is the `` old '' model , although I would n't waste my $ $ to see if the `` new '' model is any better . It worked OK for the first 3 months -LRB- my son is now 1 year . The genie has never made `` diaper sausages '' like the description says it does -LRB- despite the amount of twisting we did -RRB- . The bag cutter is also less than desirable . My husband and I find we have more fustrations with the thing than relief . Our second child is due at the end of July and lets just say that we have registered for a different -LRB- aka BETTER -RRB- diaper disposal system . This product may be the most `` household name '' for diaper disposal ... but I have a hard time believing it 's the best . Would never recommend it .
 I did not have the `` new & improved Diaper Genie '' I had an older version that someone gave to me . In fact she gave it to me because she did n't like it . One thing the refills are expensive ! When emptying the Genie the diaper on the bottom never seem to come out . I always had to reach in grab the last one ! YUCK ! I had to keep sissors in the garbage can so I could cut the one that would n't come out ! And it does n't take away all the odors ! Maybe the new & improved one is better to use but the older ones are awful !!
 I bought a diaper genie for my baby , despite numerous people telling me it wasnt worth it . . It was fine at first ... My baby is only a month old and im already giving it away ! My first complaint is that the first few diapers wont stay wrapped ! As soon as i put another diaper in it unravels the first diaper and the second drops down with the first . . IT keeps doing this until the bag is too heavy and wont wrap at all ! My second complaint is that the cutter doesnt work ! It will cut about an inch or two and then stop and every time i try to do it again it just doesnt work , so i end up cutting it with scissors . . This thing is WAY too much work for a diaper pail ! ANd its a pain to get the diaper down in there when trying to hold onto a wriggling baby too . In my opionion its NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL !!!! I wouldnt recommend this to ANYONE !! I bout the diaper champ and it is the greatest pail ever ! BUY THE DIAPER CHAMP !
 What a horrible piece of junk . First of all it 's a pain to empty and takes to much time , the cutter does n't work . The first 5 or so diapers do not twist and you wind up with a bag of them at the bottom . To top it off it smells . There is no oder protection not even with the thick stage 2 bags . What a waste . I would never reccomend this product to anyone . It is a must not have . I switched to the Neat Diaper Disposal System . So much better , threw my diaper genie in the trash .
 While I have n't tried the `` new and improved '' Diaper Genie , in reading the reviews it sounds like they have n't improved on the biggest issue , which is setting the thing back up after you empty it . As someone else pointed out , most of the time you end up with what my husband and I refer to as `` the giant poo-poo sack '' because no matter how many times you twist that first diaper , the next one you put in just falls on top of it . What I 've had to do is lay the thing across my lap , push in the second diaper with my right hand while my left hand is holding the first already twisted diaper in the bottom of the pale . It just should n't be all that complicated , you know?I 'm also really sick and tired of having to buy the refills . I think I 'm going to get the Diaper Champ to keep downstairs where we do the majority of our changes and keep the Genie in the nursery ...
 only specified bags , really messy and I see no point to doing this when you have a garbage can and hopefully you do not leave your garbage for a day or 2 in the house so when you take the garbage out , you take the dirty diapers . Please , I have it , my daughter is 9mths old and ask me how many times have I used it ... ask me !!! I 'll tell you - NONE ! Thank you to the gift bearer , it was a great idea , thought , gesture and surely appreciated but the system sux . .
 The diaper genie is not user friendly . It is hard to figure out how to open at first . I forgot to mention it to a baby-sitter and when she leaned over to figure it out my 11 month old son fell off the table and ended up in the emergency room . I have purchased the diaper champ for my second child and love it . The best part is it takes only one hand and has much more room . What a relief .
 For some reason , I did n't listen to my friends . They said not to even bother with the Diaper Genie . But I said - `` This one is NEW AND IMPROVED '' . What a MISTAKE . The turning system to cut the bags is joke . Sometimes , the cutter catches , other times it does n't . And when you start from scratch after disposing the diapers , getting it started again is a pain . Sometimes I have 3 to 4 diapers in one bag because each time I push a diaper through the clamps , it goes into the old bag , and once again you have to start from scratch . This is such a piece of garbage - I ca n't believe I 've kept up with it for 9 months . I was trying to go as long as I could because I found the system 2 refills for 1/2 off at a store that was going out of business . I would rather lose my money and save my sanity and get an new system . Needless to say , I 'm going out today to purchase a new diaper disposal . After reading the reviews , I can see I 'm not the only one .
 This was horrible . We could n't even figure out how to make it work . It just did n't make any sense . And the refills are impossible and soooo terribly heavy . After a couple months of walking every diaper to the outside trash can , I invested in a Diaper Champ , which is a dream . Easy to use and clean and affordable to USE unlike the expensive and complicated Genie .
 This thing smells , is a waste of plastic , and not mommy-easy for when you want to get rid of that dirty diaper while you have a child moving around on the table and only one free hand . I have resorted to using my grocery bags for the smelly diapers and wrapping them to throw in the main garbage . Then the wet diapers get tossed to the regular garbage and taken out daily . This is far better than even thinking that I have this wonderful thing that is never supposed to smell . It is horrible .
 I do n't know why I chose this product over the others on the market . Perhaps it was because it was the only one I had heard of in use . It was not a pleasant experience . First , it holds very few diapers and needs to be emptied frequently . The liners are expensive and when you are spending your money on diapers is the last thing you think to buy . I still like the concept of twisting the diapers though I am not sure why , but it did not always work until a load of diapers hit the bottom of the pail . My husband was so frustrated by this product that I always ended up putting the diapers in it . I have since used a first years pail that works much better with larger capacity .
 I registered for the Diaper Genie because it seemed to be the most popular . Now that I have 2 of them -LRB- one upstairs and one downstairs -RRB- , I wish I would have registered for the Diaper Dekor . The Diaper Genie does not hold a lot of diapers , is tricky to use with one hand and its very difficult when you first start it after emptying it . I would not recommend this product . The only plus about it is that it does keep the odor to a minimum only when its closed . I would recommend the Dekor instead .
 We tried the Diaper Genie and found it to be a hassle and more expense than we wanted -LRB- 2 sets of refills every month -RRB- . After using the Genie , we switched to the Diaper Champ which uses regular trash bags -LRB- we like the scented 13 gallon bags by Ruffies -RRB- and is absolutely a no-brainer to operate ! With the Genie , you have to fold the diaper into a teeny , tiny ball before you can shove it through the opening and keep shoving past the teeth into the belly of the pail . Then twist the top and close the lid . At the end of the day , you twist the outer lid and cut the bag with the sharp blades inside the pail.Not only did we not like having to `` handle '' the diaper so much -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- , it bothered me to have a diaper pail with sharp blades in my nursery ! The thought that someday my daughter might be under the care of a sitter and accidently get into the pail , possibly cutting herself on the blades made me banish the Genie altogether . Call me cautious , but it was one last strike against the Genie that I felt just was n't worth keeping it ! After that we switched to the Champ and no more twisting , shoving or cutting - simply drop and flip . Why spend so much time with a diaper when there is a better alternative out there?I would definitely advise against the purchase of the Genie and recommend instead , the Diaper Champ . It 's safer , cleaner and cheaper to maintain .
 A friend gave us a Diaper Genie and a pack of bags before our first baby was born . We had a hard time just figuring out how to get the bags in it properly , and a few test-uses convinced us that this was a piece of useless junk . We gave it away before the baby came , and bought a Diaper Champ instead . The Champ is far and away easier to use , and you can use any trash bag in it -- you are n't required to buy Playtex 's bag system . If I could 've given the Diaper Genie zero stars , I would have .
 This thing is junk and a waste of space . It does not twist correctly . The inside also smells like pee and poop no matter how much I clean it . Do n't waste the money .
 We purchased this when we had 2 foster children in diapers . I did n't like purchasing the refills constantly and found that when I actually got pregnant , the smell of the deoderizer in the toddler refills made me gag . I tried using the infant refills but they were so thin , they broke . Now that we 're having our own baby , I registered for the Diaper Champ - no refills needed and I can choose the scent of the bags I put in !!!
 I totally agree with C. Robbe `` Momrobbe '' !! You can get a big paint bucket with a lid for around $ 5 at wal-mart and use much less expensive bags . It really is n't such a chore to take the bag out each night to control the odor . You can even hang one of those toilet bowl deodorizers over the side to help control odor too -LRB- just do n't unwrap the whole thing -RRB- .
 I bought this Diaper Genie off of a friend 's registry . I did not have it wrapped and sent it to my address , since the closest store -LRB- Toys R Us -RRB- only had the old one in stock.I am sure the Diaper Genie as a product is fine , but I was very concerned when it arrived
 This diaper pail is cheap , for how expensive it is . The plastic is thin and the odor is awful . It worked for about two weeks , then the odor came . I washed it with soap and water and it helped for a short time . After that every time you opened it to put in the diaper , the smell just about knocked you down . The cutting system on mine only worked `` sometimes '' . I had to keep sicsors by the pail . NOT GREAT
 When I twist the top to seal the bag after a diaper , the cutting blade snags on the bag , making sealing the diaper really difficult . Even worse , when I DO try to cut the bag , the blade does a half-hearted job , so I have to finish the job with scissors.This has been such a problem that now that we 're out of refills , we 're just going to get a different diaper pail .
 I received the diaper genie as a shower gift . Others had told me it was great . It does a good job of trapping the odor . Make sure to put the next diaper in quickly and push the lid down all the way or the smell will seep into the room . As for the individual wrapping of the diapers , they untwist until you fill it with enough diapers to hit the bottom of the pail and hold the twist in place . In other words , it takes 7-10 diapers before you get the twist to stay put . Then about another 7-10 diapers and the thing is full . So I will have to go with the other reviewers and say that buying the expensive refill bags seems like a waste when the thing is really just one big bag of diapers anyway . And for the cutter ... mine does n't work worth a darn . I have to do the cutter 3 or 4 times and then finish off the cut by ripping the last bit of the bag . Do n't waste your money on this . I think I will be trying the Diaper Champ instead -LRB- after I use up the refill kits I bought -RRB- .
 one of these recent reviews says that the other `` bad '' reviews are for the `` old '' diaper genie . This is n't . The new is still not very good compared to the diaper champ . Have tried them both , and highly recommend the diaper champ . DO n't waste your money on buying `` special '' diaper disposal bags . the diaper champ is the best and you can use your own garbage bags .
 My husband really wanted this and we received it as a gift for our 3rd child . This is just not convenient at all . While it does cut down any odor , it does n't hold many diapers . It is not the easiest thing to empty and then trying to put another bag in is not easy either . You have to buy the specialty Diaper Genie bags that you ca n't find just anywhere . A person would be just as well to buy some sort of small garbage can with a lid and buy any type of small garbage bag . `` The Diaper Champ '' cuts down on odor while any garbage bag can be used .
 The new version of the diaper genie is a dramatic step backwards . Having had both , I wish I could find the older one either here on Amazon or in a store . The new one jams and shreds the plastic film 3-4 times a week , needing careful work with scissors to salvage it . It can not be emptied the normal way , again requiring scissors . I would n't buy this thing again if you begged me .
 We purchased the new/improved Diaper Genie last month . Our baby is 2 weeks old . We are very unhappy with the Diaper Genie due to the bad odor . We are using the stage 2 bags for extra odor control - within the end of the 2nd day of a new bag the odor is very strong and we have to change it.It appears the odor problem is due to the fact the bag twists to separate each diaper which gives it no odor protection.On a positive note - it is very simple to dispose of the diapers and change the bags .
 I purchased the Genie II after fighting this thing for 6 months . Sorry I wasted so much time fighting this thing . You need 2 hand to operate this thing , and 1 hand to hold baby and another hand to hold the new diaper . I 'd say , if you get this as a gift , take it back and get the Genie II or just use a large , lined trash can . If you 're going to buy , there is no comparison , get the Genie II.The Genie II is so much easier to use
 This is a very cheap product . After less than one month of use , the cutting function broke . Shortly there after , the `` twisting '' feature also broke . Now I have a glorified garbage can . Wish I had read the other reviews before buying this !!
 After our Diaper Champ started to stink , we decided to get another diaper system . We went to the store and debated between the Diaper Genie and the Neat . We went with the Genie and were very sorry . It smelled just as bad as the Champ and was so much harder to use . We went back and got the Neat system . We love it ! No stink and pretty easy to use ! Do n't waste your money on the Genie .
 I bought this because someone had told me it was so great . This is the biggest piece of junk ! Yes it does keep the odor in as long as you empty it often but when you empty it then go to put more diapers in the diapers drop down to the bottom and it takes forever to get the first few diapers in there ! You have to keep twisting and twisting until you finally get the thing to keep from dropping down , and forget it if you have one of those heavy diapers full of poo ! It drops to the bottom and you have to fish the nasty thing back out and keep trying until the thing twists up right ! Then you have that giant diaper snake that you have to put into another bag to empty it out and the cutter on it does not even cut the stage 2 film very good . I do have the `` new and improved '' diaper pail , I really ca n't imagine how bad the old one must have been ! My son is now 9 months and I no longer use it , I just put them in a grocery bag and take it to the outside trash , it is much easier than wasting my time with that thing .
 The Diaper Genie system has you drop in a dirty diaper , then twist the plastic liner to seal off odors . You end up with sort of a daisy chain of diapers wrapped in a long , twisted-up plastic bag . It uses a LOT of plastic . Those diapers surely wo n't decompose until eons after all the other diapers in the landfill.I used the Diaper Genie with my first child . I hope the new version takes care of the many , many problems mine had , including the lid that breaks off . But it still uses that twisted-bag system . I have the Diaper Dekor for my second child . It uses a lot less plastic and I have n't noticed any odor problem . Plus , I can use it with one hand , which is a huge benefit . I do n't have to let go of my baby while I drop the diaper into it .
 I recieved this as a gift for my first child . I was so excited , but threw it away not long after I recieved it . I found that the first 2-4 diapers you put in there did n't stay wrapped . They untwisted as there was nothing to hold the diaper still when you pushed the next one through . And it only held like 10-15 diapers when my daughter was a newborn . Well , they go through 8-10 a day . I was changing this every other day , and it 's definately not easy to change . Then you throw in the refills that cost a fortune and this is just not practical . So I just started wrapping the diapers up in grocery bags and throwing them in my kitchen trash . Those are free and just as effective .
 Do not waste your money on the genie . Never mind it being a pain to use , the bag untwists itself , when you open the pail to put a diaper in the smell knocks you out and you have to put your hand into the pail and push it down in order to turn the pail ... YUCK ... . The champ takes regular garbage bags , you simply flip the lid over and you do n't have to push down dirty diapers . It holds a good amount of diapers and is very easy to use . Save your money and start out with the champ . Hope this was helpful and good luck . .
 I used the Diaper Genie for 15 months and cursed it daily - not as much as my husband though :-RRB- The mechanism that cuts the plastic broke after only a month so we had to use scissors instead . The refills are expensive and smell funny . I think they added to the odor problem instead of masking it . Also , the lid was sometimes hard to open . We finally broke down and bought the Champ . My daughter 's room does n't smell like diapers any more ! It 's so easy to refill with just any plasic bag-trash , grocery or shopping bags work fine . One reviewer stated that she had to clean it regularly because of smearing - -LRB- ewww -RRB- Just make sure the contents of the diaper is wrapped up tight and it wo n't be a problem .
 We had planned to buy the Diaper Dekor System after reading reviews in the latest Baby Bargains book . However , for some unknown reason we went with the brand we 'd heard of most . We did n't even use it long enough to find out if the smell was contained . It 's a pain to lift it open , drop in the diaper and twist to seal ... then we always reopen the lid to be sure it sealed and dropped because it does n't always do that . The latest issue is that the diaper drops in and falls all the way to the bottom -LRB- rather than staying in its little pocket that gets sealed -RRB- , then we twist and twist and twist and nothing happens ... we open up the lid again to see the diaper still sitting in the bottom of the pail !! I just hate it . Our daughter is 4.5 months and we 've just been using a random little plastic trash can whose lid opens when you step on an outside pedal . I had originally intended for it to be a general trash can for her room and have small plastic trash bags that I line it with . We 've been using it for 3.5 months now and her nursery smells great even though the trash stinks horribly when I when I change out the plastic trash bags every 5 or so days . Who needs the diaper Genie ?!?!?
 I 've owned this for almost 2 years . Based on the description , I do believe I have the `` new and improved '' . Here 's my opinion : - Works great for infants . Mine was breastfed and never had stinky poop til he was mostly on solids , about 14 months . I hear complaints about costly refils but I refilled mine maybe 3 times . The trick is to throw pee pee diapers in the garbage can and just put the poopies in the genie . The nursery never smelled like pee so I thought this was a good way to go . - Once my son was on more solids than breastmilk , about 14-15 months , his poop became too stinky for even the diaper genie to contain . The genie would have only one poopie diaper in it -LRB- I emptied the genie every 3 days or so -RRB- and it still stunk up the room so bad . I am using the stage 2 refills , or whatever they 're called . The genie itself when opened from the bottom to empty was terribly stinky no matter how much lysol I sprayed in there . Now I just use plastic grocery bags or small garbage bags to immediately bag the poopie diaper and throw the tied up bag downstairs in the kitchen garbage can . I 've since put the genie away but will probably use it for the next kid in the early months , if I can get the stink out!Just a note about the diaper champ since a lot of people are comparing the genie to that , they used this at my son 's daycare . It stunk too and I consider it unsanity , the way you have to touch it , if that makes any sense . I at least felt the genie was very sanitary , as your hand always touches clean bag and no part of the genie comes in contact with the diaper other than the bag.All in all , the genie is useful but I would n't buy one again if this broke or something . I 'd just take stinky 's downstairs in a plastic garbage bag and throw pee pees in the nursery garbage til garbage day . If you live in a one-story house YOU DEFINATELY DO NOT NEED THIS . Hope that helps .
 I used the diaper genie with my first two children and hated how hard it was to use and how expensive it was to refill . The diaper champ is now out and I have used it with my third baby . It is wonderful ... so much easier and more cost efficient . Do n't waste money on the diaper genie . One $ 10 box of trashbags will fill the diaper champ us as long as your baby is in diapers !!
 All of my family members who bought this product threw it in the trash after 9mo to a year . -LRB- We discovered this at a party having the wasted money on baby products conversation -RRB- We are all clean people , but even changing the thing everyday , the smell was unbearable . Once the stink is there , it 's there . We used every product known to man to clean it . Nothing worked . If we have another baby I will just get a pail or take them to the regular garbage . Do n't register for this ... your friends money will be spent better else where .
 Total waste of money !! I recommend anything else that requires regular trash bags instead of expensive refills !! We just use a regualr kitchen trash can now instead !
 I have had the `` new and improved '' daiper genie for about 14 months . At first it worked great
 I honestly hate the new Diaper Genie . Yes , it was a pain to replace the older version 's refills but at least it kept the odor out . We finally decided to replace our old one with a fresh one . -LRB- The other was not so `` fresh '' anymore . -RRB- What a waste . We do n't even use it because you put two diapers in and the room stinks . We never had this problem with the older version . I say go for the diaper champ or the one that uses just regular diapers . We 've had success with both of those .
 I purchased the Diaper Genie Easy Twist Away , well it was part of a shower gift . We 've returned one , as the catch for the cover -LRB- with the twist -RRB- broke . This is a piece less than a centimeter long and maybe one millimeter wide . It 's what helps lock the cover down.The second one , seemed to work great ... then ... after changing one of the plastic inserts , which we 'd brought at Baby 's R Us , where it was ordered for us , the Genie would not twist and make it 's renknowned sausages , with each hermetically sealed diaper . It instead would just drop the diapers down into a giant sac below , no secure twist to separate the diapers.Now the instructions say to push the diaper down till the lower hinges grab the diaper , about 4-5 inches . The instructions also say to turn it an extra 4 times to sort of prime the unit for the first one or two diapers . BUT none of this has worked , the twisting that separates diapers just wo n't work . We 're trying the magic number four and it 's not reliable , sometimes six or seven , which consumes mucho expensive insert plastic ... if the manufacturer `` knows '' it will take up to 8 turns ... then say so and reduce the price or increase the amount of insert plastic.Oh ... I 'm with everyone else . The cutter is hit or miss . Trust us , we turn it while holding the button down as prescribed and tried every combination of turning more , turning less , turning after button pops up , but instead , again , i 'm left using three hands , me , husband and scissors to free the bag , just to have the giant sac problem repeat itself ... we want this to work , it just does n't . Here 's our guess and believe me we 're getting on the horn with Playtex . The Old unit which took a funnel , has gazillions of insert packages left on the market . The new unit has packages labeled Easy Twistaway . Funny thing is the new Diaper Genie Pail unit -LRB- twist away -RRB- seems to work best with the old funnel Diaper Genie Pail inserts . You can look at the inserts and clearly see a difference in the design of the 5-8 dollar packages . One has little notches spaced every 1.5 inches . along the outer circumference of the insert package . The other -LRB- the Easy Twist -RRB- insert , has the raised notches on the inner edge of the package . The unit seems designed to turn the older types not the new types . What 's up?The directions clearly indicate on the insert being UNIVERSAL , providing directions for the older funnel type and the newer EASy TWist One hander ... well there 's nothing one handed about a unit that wo n't work it 's own disposable proprietary insert . This is almost clearly a product recall issue for those of us who are having this dillema of the big sac of diapers versus the designed sausages . I hope Playtex soon acknowledges this problem . It 's not so `` simple '' as twist four times . Plain observation shows that units are being sold that are not universal with their own inserts . I think it 's a way of selling off inserts until they extinguish the old units ... anyhow the new Easy Twist does not work unless you have the right inserts ... or maybe they 're manufacturing the insides of the Easy Twist , with the Funnel type tops ... Anyhow beware , we 're gentle handed people and this unit is supposed to be a no brainer , not a feet in packaging engineering , santitation and empiric science ... it 's supposed to work most of the time , and any problems , should be informed to the consumer by the manufacturer ... Maybe enough of us can get this fixed . I like the product genuinely , smells good , sanitary-ish ... etc. ... but I 'd like it best not in `` theory '' but in practice . .
 I received the Diaper Genie as a shower gift . In the beginning , I loved it . There was no diaper smell in the nursery and it was easy to use . However , after each refill the plastic ring would bend a little and make it increasingly difficult to change . I have now had the Diaper Genie for almost fifteen months . The hinge on the back has broken and I can no longer use it with one hand . I am currently searching for a diaper pail that will last through at least one kid in diapers .
 This product is WAY too much trouble for the sake of stinky diapers . I used it for about two weeks . At first I did n't even understand how to use it . I even kept the instructions on my changing table . My husband , being the man that he is , gave up and would n't use it because it was too complicated . The inside liner kept ripping , I could n't get the diapers down into it without takeing off the ring thing on top . Then I had to put it back together in order to twist the diaper down into it . Then , trying to change the liner was IMPOSSIBLE !!! Anyways , I should have asked my friends . They all had the same complaints . I ended up with a normal Safety First diaper pail , and though it does n't mask odors completely , it works with out any trouble .
 Im surprised to see ANY positive reviews on the diaper genie . Unfortunately I 've been using it for 9 months now and I have to say not a day goes by that I dont think about running it over with my husband 's truck . You need 2 hands to use it , -LRB- difficult while holding a baby on a changing table -RRB- It fills up in 2 days , -LRB- less as baby and diapers get bigger -RRB- does not stop diaper odor , and is such a pain to refill . New moms - I know this seems like a must have but trust me , the last thing any mom needs is a frustrating diaper pail . Im going to check out the Dekor . . I heard good things about that .
 Our first baby is 10 days old . She has been an easy adjustment compared to using the N&I Diaper Genie . Hate to see what it improved from . We received this as a gift . I wish I had asked around before we used it . Of course after the fact we found friends who had the same problems . It is just a pain to use . You have to use two hands -LRB- forget using one -RRB- You have to get the diaper down in the base just perfect between the teeth , close the lid just so , then turn . Half the time the turning mech . does n't work or gets jammed . The directions say two fulls turns . Not enough , . . on the next change you just push right through to the previous diaper . Need at least 3 to 4 turns . It is also loud when turning at night . Of course , you also have to buy new $ 5.00 cartridges but if it worked correctly I could deal with that expense . 10 days is enough , off to Babies R Us tomorrow to try something else . One positive , appears to keep the smell contained . But she is only 10 days old so no major poops just yet . I would say look elsewhere .
 I have several issues with this product :1 . You have to push the diaper down with your hand to get it in position to twist . This is just plain hazardous with a very full diaper no matter how tightly you wrap it .2 . It is loud . The process of first pushing the diaper in into the crunchy plastic , clamping the lid shut and then ratcheting the turn lever three or four times is a noisy process that often -LRB- especially in the early morning hours -RRB- startles my 5 month old and makes her jump .3 . Baby is left on table unattended while you use both hands to push , ratchet and twist . You are supposed to be able to manage this with one hand . I know that I have not been able to master that technique as I imagine other bleary eyed new Mom 's have not either .4 . It just does not hold nearly as many diapers as the manufacturer claims . However , since odor is an issue within a day of use , it really does not get full before it is emptied . My daughter is lactose intolerant and has had very strong smelling stools since day one and we need to empty it daily or every other day . which brings me to ... 5 . Waste . You waste bag every time you empty it because you have to leave a `` tail '' to knot when you take the bags off and another when you start a new . I have found this to be tricky , if you do not pull a little extra out before you cut it can leave too little to knot . Obviously the more you need to empty the thing , the more bag you use , the more refills they sell .
 At first I was thrilled when my mother-in-law got this for me . It looked so nifty !! When I brought my little baby home , my father set up the system , and I happily started using it . I lost patience very soon . The second and third diapers seem to drop through to the first one , no matter how much I twist the bag , a foul smell escapes every time I lift the lid , and I hate the hassle of trying to slip a long heavy `` snake '' of dirty diapers into another trash bag , to take down to the trash . I seem to forever be needing to empty it , and though the refills do last a while , I could do without the expense . We are going out this weekend to buy the diaper champ . My 2 girlfriends have it , and say it is fantastic .
 We have a four-year-old and a just one-year-old and we are selling our Genie in a yard sale this weekend . The Genie , and others like it , I 'm sure , gets smelly before it 's `` full '' and emptying it before a full chamber is more costly than the already overpriced refills . A better solution ? Take the dirty diaper down to your kitchen , take a plastic grocery store bag -LRB- what do you know , about the same material and weight as the refills ! -RRB- , put the diaper in , twist , fold the diaper in again , tie off and put in the kitchen trash . Yes , the trash fills up more quickly , but then the diapers make it out of the house faster , too - no more smell . And the `` refills '' are free ! Do n't bother with these overpriced systems !!
 Do n't even think about wasting your money on this piece of junk ! I used the prior model of the diaper genie for nearly two years and had no complaints . We only had to get a new one because after 2 years , they naturally retain the smelly odor . So we head to Target to buy the `` New and Improved '' diaper genie . I am not sure who was responsible for the creation of the `` New and Improved '' , but they should all be fired . I walked into my kid 's room a few days after putting the new one up and I just about puked when I walked into my kid 's room it stunk so bad . Never in two years did the other one smell . The `` new and improved '' does not have a good seal and the smell seeps out.Biggest waste of money !!!!!
 It was a little hard to figure out at first , and not something to do one handed , but seemed to keep in the smell of the newborn diapers . We were happy with it -LRB- bought it used ... with the bag in it -RRB- . Then we had to refil it . Very tricky . Each time got trickier -- there 's this ring that 's supposed to fit into the diaper refill . Well , it does n't -- every time I 've had to force it . Forcing it caused little bends in the ring that made it fit worst . The time before last that I changed it I actually cut my hand on it -LRB- and it 's plastic -RRB- . Then this last time trying to force the dang thing on I finally broke the Genie -- it wo n't close now.It does n't keep the stench in on older baby diapers that well anyways . Every time you twist it a little cloud of stench comes up , and when you change it better take it outside first . I 'm sick of it . I 'm going to try something else .
 I will give the Diaper Genie this
 It takes two hands to dispose of a diaper when using the Diaper Genie . This makes it impossible to dispose of a diaper when holding an infant . Additionally , this system does n't have a very large capacity . We 'd end up needing to change it every one to two days ! Do yourself a favor -- buy the Diaper Champ . It 's easy to use and holds many more diapers .
 This product was a major dissapointment . As far as masking smell , it was alright . But as far as practicality , the last thing I had time to do was make it work . A trash can with a bag and a lid has been so much easier to clean and maintain . Do n't waste your money , just take out the trash . With all of the other purchases necessary I would n't even consider it .
 I thought this was a must have for my shower , but now that my baby is 3 months old , I just find it inconvenient . You have to push the little button to open the top , stick your diaper down far enought close the lid and turn 2 times . -LRB- Hopefully the diaper was down far enough or you will have to start all over ! -RRB- You are doing all of this while one hand is on the baby so she does n't roll off the changing table.I have friends how have the diaper champ and it is so much easier . Drop diaper in , flip handle and you are done . Will be buying one this weekend .
 After about 1 month , the lid quit closing tightly and it no longer twisted . I returned the Diaper Genie and exchanged it for a new one . After 1.5 months , the same thing happened . Do n't waste your money .
 I 've had a diaper Genie since I was pregnant with my first son . We had the older style wide mouth genie and it lasted through both my boys . Finally the hinge on the back of the lid broke so we purchased one of the newer models when we had our third child . The hinge on the lid of the new models is totally useless . I 've already gone through one of them and the second one is breaking as well . My daughter is 15 months and I 'm getting ready to have to purchase my 3rd diaper system since she was born . I 'm really disappointed in the new design . The plastic is cheap . I hate to try something new or buy a completely new system when my 3rd and last child is so near the potty training age , but it looks like it will be inevitable that I have to . I do n't have a system to recommend over the Genie , but I ca n't give the genie high reviews either . Keep looking is all I can say .
 This diaper pail practically requires a Ph.d. to operate ... . press the latch , lift the lid , push the diaper down into the clamps -LRB- but not too shallow and not too deep -RRB- , close the lid , latch , twist the knob two , three , or four times -LRB- I have n't figured out which is best -RRB- . You need two hands to operate it ... not good when your 10 month old is practically trying to launch herself off the table . To empty , you have to push the cutter button -LRB- not too hard and not too soft -RRB- while turning the knob two , three , or four times -LRB- again , not sure which is best -RRB- . Then , sit on the ground , lay the pail on it 's side , pull out the sausages , knot them up ... . then stand back up , open the lid AGAIN , tie a new knot ... and start all over . Personally I have other things in my life to worry about that having to read a MANUAL to operate a diaper pail . Do yourself a favor and get the Diaper Dekor !
 We had received a diaper champ that uses regular trash bags but needed another diaper pail for downstairs and bought a diaper genie ... we ended up throwing it away . With twins boys the diaper genie just could not handle the volume of diapers . Not only that but it was too complicated for my technically challenged mother-in-law so I 'd come home to diapers sitting on the bathroom counter because she could n't figure out how to throw them away -LRB- even after a demonstration -RRB- . Neither my husband or I wanted to empty it because it was quite a process compared to the Diaper champ . We ended up buying another diaper champ it uses regular trash bags so no running out of refills , and I add a little bit of baking soda in the bottom of every new bag and it controls the odor better than the diaper genie did .
 I used the Diaper Genie since my son was born . It worked great the first year or so , while he was mainly breastfed , but once he started eating different foods it sucked . At 16 months , the Genie seems to have developed it 's own poop smell when it is EMPTY ! Even a thorough disinfecting does n't make a dent in it 's stench . We had to throw it away because of the smell , eventhough it is in good working condition . A friend of mine had the stinky smell problem ever since she got it . I would NOT buy another one . I just bought a Safety 1st Neat system because it boasts to be truly odor free . We 'll see ...
 When having our first child I had the impression that this was a MUST have item for the nursery . I would have to say I gave in and bought it and wish I would have spent my money on another item that was needed . I ended up using grocery bags that were in our home already instead of buying expensive refill . Another complaint is that when you start the `` string of sausage '' it is rather difficult and does n't always start off well . I would just suggest putting your money on a better item .
 I thought the diaper genie was a wonderful idea . But I realized later how yucky it really was to use . You need to push -LRB- not drop -RRB- the diaper through the clamps . Have you ever tried pushing on a full dirty dity ? YUCK !! Emptying the bags is no picnic either . It does cut the bag , but you still have to slide the mound of diapers out of the pail , which start untwisting the minute you pull it out . It is just awkward!The product is great at keeping the smell down . The refills also add up after a while.I recently bought the CHAMP and it is a drastic improvement . I use any bag -LRB- grocery/trash etc -RRB- that I have in the house . I place -LRB- not push -RRB- the diaper and use the clean handle to rotate it to the bag . I LOVE IT !! I had the Genie for a year and threw it in the trash after one week with the Champ !!
 broke after only 3 months of use ... DOES NOT hold 30 diapers !! you 're better off trying one of the other , pricier systems or using a regular wastebasket with individual scented bags to put dirty diapers in ... cheaper & easier , much , much easier than using this thing .
 This thing is worthless and not worth the expense . While I pride myself on being somewhat educated and mechanically-inclined , this thing tests my patience when it comes to replacing the refills . Buyer beware .
 Do n't get fooled ! For a newborn who is breastfed , you really do n't need anything to seal in the odor -- breastfed poop does n't smell bad . The refills are absurdly expensive.If you really want to be frugal , use cloth diapers -LRB- the modern ones are as easy to put on as disposables , and doing a load of laundry , when you have a newborn , is easier than running to the store to get more diapers ! -RRB- and just a simple diaper pail , like the Easy Saver . You can cloth diaper your baby for about $ 200 for the first year , as opposed to $ 1500 for disposables -- not even including buying outrageously expensive glorified garbage bags for the Diaper Genie !
 We registered for this product after hearing raves from other people . We could not be more disappointed . Among other things , we were never able to figure out how to get this thing to work . My husband and I have four masters degrees between us , and my father is an engineer . And yet we still could not figure out how to get this thing to work . Out of depseration , we took the genie to the local baby store and after 45 minutes even the staff could not figure this product out . How much genius does it take to make a diaper pail this complicated . We are much happier with the diaper champ .
 I bought it for my 3 month old baby and he 's on fomrula feeding and wow ... the diapers smell awful even inside the genie diaper and the refills are expensive and they do n't last more than 2 weeks , so do n't waste your money , do n't buy it !!!!
 I FIRST USED A DIAPER GENIE OVER 12 YEARS AGO WHEN THEY WERE FIRST OUT . I DID NOTICE SOME ODOR BACK THEN BUT BEING AN EXHAUSTED FIRST TIME MOM I PUT IT DOWN TO ME NOT CLEANING THE PAIL -LRB- HEY THE INSTRUCTIONS DID NOT SAY TO DO THAT AND I FIGURED THE POOPY WAS IN THE BAG ANYWAY -RRB- ... STILL I TRIED A `` DIAPER CHAMP '' FOR MY SECOND BABY -LRB- YES THEY ARE NEARLY TWELVE YEARS APART - SHE WAS A MIRACLE BABY I WAS TOLD I COULD NOT HAVE NATURALLY , BUT GOD SAID OTHERWISE ... BY THE WAY I AM ONTO THE SECOND MIRACLE BABY DUE NEXT YEAR ! -RRB- ... ANYWAY TO THE POINT ... I BOUGHT THE DIAPER CHAMP BECAUSE IT USED REGULAR TRASH BAGS AND I THOUGHT THAT WOULD BE MORE ECONOMICAL THAN THE PRICEY DIAPER GENIE REFILLS . THE DIAPER CHAMP DID GREAT ... AT FIRST - I EVEN CLEANED IT WITH ANTIBACTERIAL WIPES IN BETWEEN EMPTYNG THE THING . BUT ALAS THE DAY CAME WHEN MY BABY HAD TO START SOLID FOODS , AND THE STINKIES GOT STINKIER , BY THE TIME I WEANED HER ONTO FORMULA AT NEARLY 9 MONTHS OLD THE DIAPER CHAMP HAD SEEN IT 'S LAST DAYS . THE STINK WAS SO BAD MY HUSBAND AND I PLAYFULLY ARGUED ABOUT WHOSE TURN IT WOULD BE TO EMPTY THE THING ! ... ANYWAY THIS IS TURNING INTO A DIAPER CHAMP REVIEW ... LONG STORY SHORT WE BOUGHT THE DIAPER GENIE IN HOPES THAT WE COULD BANISH THE STINKS . AT THAT POINT THE PRICE OF THE REFILLS BECAME OF NO OBJECT ... THE POOPY DESIGNER ROOM FRAGRANCE HAD TO GO ... THE DIAPER GENIE LASTED ONE DAY IN MY HOUSE . THE STINK WAS WRETCHED EVERY TIME WE OPENED THE TOP TO LOAD A DIAPER IN ... AND IT WAS EVEN STINKIER EMPTYING THE QUARTER-FILLED PAIL ... ALL IN ALL A MAJOR DISAPOINTMENT ... DO N'T BOTHER WASTING YOUR CASH ON THIS ... STINKY AS IT WAS WHEN EMPTYING I AM BACK TO THE DIAPER CHAMP ... AT LEAST IT DOES NOT SMELL WHEN I PUT A DIAPER IN .
 It really is a hassle . It does keep the smell out even if you do n't do things exactly right , but it does take a scientist to figure this thing out !!
 The Diaper Genie is a horrible buy . I am just thankful I got it as a gift and did n't have to pay for it . You ca n't even work the stupid thing . My husband is a Mechanical Engineer , and even he could n't figure the thing out . Save your money , get a garbage pail and a plug in .
 We registered for this and believed that it would be an absolute necessity , but I wish we had n't , at least right away . Because if you breastfeed your baby , the diapers really DO N'T stink that much ! It 's not worth the extra money for the expensive refills , so we 've just been plopping diapers in the regular trash can which goes out a few times a week . I have noticed no particular odor since we started doing this . However , once she starts solids , I 'm going to get the diaper genie back out and use it again.My other complaint is that the cutting mechanism does n't work properly . Every time we 've tried to empty it , we ended up getting out a pair of scissors .
 We started with the Diaper Genie as most new parents seem to do for some reason and we hated it ! The new design is jsut as poor as the original ! It 's a total pain to empty and change the bags . And the bag get a bit costly after a while ! And no matter how we spun the thinkg we still ended up with one big bag of nasty diapers ... not `` sausage links '' for us!It was a total waste of money ! We returned ours after a couple of weeks and got the Diaper Champ . We love that thing ! No bags to buy and no stupid spinning ! Save your time money , and sanity ... go with a Diaper Champ !
 I liked the smell of the diaper gene or the odor the bags let off . Covers up odors really well.Basically it works like this : One long continuous bag that gets twisted around each diaper to lock in odor and make dumping a breeze , bag gets cut and drops into the container below , now your ready for the next diaper . Not that easy.First of all it 's not easy to turn the knob for a smaller petite mother . Talk about a wrist workout . Then the cutter hardly worked causing the dirty diaper and most of the bag to come back out once you try and open it again . And if you get it to cut correctly you have to actually reach in and tie the bag again for the next diaper . I might be crazy but I never saw that on the box . Then when you do get the hang of it and more and more diapers go in , you have to empty it . And boy this little container does n't hold that much . As much as newborns and larger babies poop you would think Playtex would have made it much larger and taller.Overall I was disappointed . I tossed more diapers in the trash then I did in the gene . It fills up really fast and does n't work like it says . I had to retie the bag after each turn.More of a workout than a convenience.Would I buy it again . NoAm I glad I got it . Sort of . I did n't pay for it .
 The diaper genie has one thing going for it and that 's their name ... but there 's nothing magical about spending $ 4 - $ 5 a cartridge to refill ! It does keep the smell to a minimum but all diapers stink ... no matter which method you use . I regret not having registered for the Diaper Champ . Everyone that has one tells me its better than the Diaper Genie . Maybe for the next baby !
 My son is now a year old and this things smells so bad I had to throw it out . It made me gag everytime I went to change it . The first few months it was ok but now about 9-12 months later it stinks . I bleached it out several times , and the smell would not go away . Plus I was having a harder and harder time finding the refills . Which are like $ 10.00 each . It also does n't hold very many diapers . Also , if I did n't get the diaper in the clips just right it would fall to the bottom and get messed up .
 This thing is a nightmare ! In addition to having to buy the expensive special `` film '' to use with it , you need to have an additional pair of hands to use it . A poopy diaper needs to be stuffed WAY DOWN DEEP inside the thing , after unlocking the latch lid -LRB- takes two hands -RRB- and stuffing it down -LRB- while poop is leaking out -RRB- WHO IS HOLDING THE BABY ON THE TABLE ? I have to take off the diaper and put it on the floor -LRB- still poop leaking sometimes -RRB- , finish with the baby , put her somewhere safe , then tend to the task of stuffing this thing down and spinning the top thingey . If it is not stuffed down far enough , even after turning the diaper is still in there . My friend has the Diaper Champ and it is much easier to use !!!! I could probably buy it and still save money over having to buy the special film for the Genie over time .
 I ca n't say I 've used any other brand but the Diaper Genie but I really do n't get the concept . It was a pain to use even more of a pain to empty and for what ? Why not just toss them in the garbage and bring them outside at the end of the day ? -LRB- or sooner if you have an especially stinky one -RRB- The thought of leaving soiled diapers -LRB- or any other trash , food , or heigene item -RRB- in a semi sealed container in your house for weeks -LRB- or longer -RRB- is kinda grose ??! I used it with my first child for a few months and her nursery smelled worse then my second child 's does without using it . Save your money and pitch the diapers with the rest of your trash .
 As a first time mom I thought this would be a great item to have , oh my was a WRONG !! Fisrt it was dificult to figure out how to use it then once I did it just never seems to work the way it should ! My son is now three months old and I have used it maybe 10 times and every time just end up very frustrated ! I would recomend doing some research and finding a better product ! If I had ` nt thrown away the box this item would have been returned a long time ago !
 We purchsed the original Diaper Genie 2 years ago for our first child and did not like it . We 're expecting again and saw that there was a `` New & Improved '' one on the market . It may be new , but it has not improved ! It does not contain odors at all . We had to change the liner for just 1 stinky diaper . It is also a hassle to change and empty the liners . It is more convienent and cheaper to use old plastic grocery bags for your regular trash .
 I bought 1 diaper genie and 1 diaper champ . The Genie was tried several times throughout the year and each time was stuck back in the closet . I read several reviews and help guides and just could n't get the thing to work without the bags tearing . It was a lot of work , basically , to get it to function . When I got it to function , it was satisfactory in stopping diaper smell . But it was a ton of trouble to function.In contrast , the Diaper Champ was simple to use and simple to clean . It could be done with 1 hand -LRB- so you can hold on to the baby at the same time -RRB- , whereas the Genie needs 2 . It needs to have its bags changed out less often than the Genie because it stops the smell very well.So I bought a 2nd Champ and sold the Genie to a 2nd hand store . Save yourself a step and just get the Diaper Champ .
 When we first started using the diaper genie there was little to no diaper odor from our breast fed baby . Over time , however , the genie container & bag dispenser seemed to really hold an odor even after I soaked it in a tub of hot water with disinfectant , and put several dryer sheets in the bottom to help with the smell . Opening up the lid really lets the funk out.The refills are also too expensive.The cutter is difficult to use and does not cut the bag as easily as suggested.Don ' t waste your time or money.I think it 's more cost effective to use a diaper pail with bags from the grocery store with a stick up or odor disk in the bottom .
 I work in a baby store and work with this product a lot . I would highly recomend NOT getting it . It 's too much of a pain twisting and cutting and buying the refills . Granted the refills do last awhile , its money that could be spent better . I would recomend getting the Diaper Champ . We actually have this in physical use in the store and I do have to change it at night . So long as you use it properly . . ie flip the handle over and dump the diaper . . there is no smell or stink ! and the great thing is . . you can use a regular size trash bag!Don ' t waste your money on a diaper genie .
 I had a `` diaper genie '' for 4 years and finally got so fed up with how difficult it was to force the diapers into it , especially as it filld up , not to mention difficulty in changing the bags that I finally gave up and threw it away . But I was still stuck with smelly diapers , so I had to find something ASAP . And off I went on an internet search . I 'm so glad that I chose the `` Diaper Dekor Plus !! `` We 've had the `` Diaper Dekor Plus '' system for 6 months now and it 's the best invention because 1 -RRB- it keeps odors in , 2 -RRB- it 's very user friendly , and 3 -RRB- it can be easily used for other things after the kids grow out of the diaper stage . In addition it has a handy foot pedal so you do n't even need to have your hands free to use it . And it has a real neutral look so you can easily continue to use it as a bathroom trashcan ... or whatever.Actually , we 're planning on getting cats and I 'm thinking this will be a real easy way to dispose of the litter box contents if for some reason we run into problems flushing the clumping litter . Kinda like a diaper pail for kitties!In case you 're trying to decide between the `` Diaper Genie '' and the `` Diaper Dekor Plus '' , I 'd say do n't bother with that Genie !! Over time the round disk that the refill bag fits around gets all messed up on the bottom ... the easiest way to describe it is ` chewed up ' so it does n't sit well -LRB- or eventually AT ALL -RRB- on the diaper genie.On the other hand , the design of the Diaper Dekor Plus is so simple that it does n't pose a problem with use or refills . It takes literally seconds to remove the contents or put a new refill in.I scanned some reviews and noticed one from someone complaining about having trouble finding Diaper Dekor Plus refills . I have n't looked in local stores , but came on back to amazon.com and there it was . If I find something that works so well , it 's worth it to me to purchase it on the net . But then again , I buy frequently on the net , so this does n't phase me .
 This is a useless money waster . The diapers are in an enclosed space and therefore they REEK ! Get yourself a small cheap waste basket , line it with a plastic grocery store bag and take the diapers out at night when you put your baby to bed . You will save a ton of money and wo n't have to deal with diaper odor . My daughter is 7 yo and has special needs . If I do n't have problems with a 7 yo 's diaper odor you certainly wo n't with your baby . My diaper genie was smelly , expensive , and awkward to use . I would pay someone to take it away if I had n't already thrown it in the dumpster .
 This takes two hands , expensive refills , and it still allows the smell . Not worth it at all . We went to a regular trash can that we empty in the evening ! So much easier !!!
 the only really good thing abot the diaper genie is you dont have to smell dirty diapers . it has more cons however . i dont like having to purchase special refills . and the hassel to empty it makes me wish i never put this item on my baby registry
 The Diaper Genie is very unreliable whether it is new & improved or not . Our was tossed to the curb after only 2 months . First , the cutter mechanism did not seem to `` reach '' the bags consistently . Also , the `` twist '' mechanism was unreliable . There were just too many problems & you had to buys their bags . Our Diaper Champ , on the other hand , has been in daily use for over 2 years with no problems .
 We just had to have one because all of my mommy friends said they could n't live without it . After replacing the first one 1 week after using it because it did not work properly , we are finally fed up with this product . The replacement diaper genie that we bought has not worked properly since we got it . Sometimes it twists the diaper and other times you have to open the lid and manually twist the diaper . If you use the cutter it gets stuck in the down position no matter how many times you try to unlock it and cuts holes in the plastic when you try to twist the diaper . It does not hold that many diapers and there is still a faint smell of baby poop in the air . Maybe because the cutter keeps cutting into the plastic . For something that is suppose to be so easy to use it sure is frustrating . Now I know why I see a ton of them in the consignment stores . Thats where ours is going now that we 've replaced it with the Dekor Plus !!
 When I was pregnant with my daughter -LRB- she 's 22 mos now -RRB- I researched EVERYTHING before I registered . I read reviews here , I read a book that went over all the lateset baby gear and ranked them safety wise , ease-of-use wise and cost wise . I also talked to other moms I knew . When it came to diaper disposal the diaper genie won , hands-down . However , after 22 mos of diaper changes , 11 of those being double duty as I now have an 11 mos old son , I disagree . When your baby is a newborn and in anything smaller than a size 2 diaper , it 's a pain in the butt . The diapers a lot of time fall thru unless you wrap then just right . It 's hard to get the `` sausage '' started . My biggest complaint however is that after about 9 mos the plastic had absorbed the smell so badly that nothing would take it out -LRB- we tried bleach , baking soda , and air fresheners -RRB- . We continued to use it until my on was about 2 months old and then it went to the curb with the dirty diapers still inside . I found what works best for me is a small can with a shopping bag that I take out every day or even every other day . It 's actully less work as this is how often I had to change the diaper genie to keep down the smell . Believe me , I know dirty butts ... On a `` good '' day I can change as many as 10 poopy ones -LRB- oh lucky me -RRB- . The diaper genie is just not worth it !
 I do n't see what 's `` new & improved '' about this diaper pail . There is still an obscene odor and the cutter hardly works at all . I am very disappointed in this product .
 We replaced an earlier version of the Diaper Genie with this `` New and Improved '' one . Big mistake . Wish I had kept the box so I could mail it to Playtex with the the stinky diapers that are stuck in it . Ca n't cut the bags , so I have to use scissors to get the bags out . And the kid 's room smells worse than a public bathroom . I have never used another brand , so I ca n't give you a recommendation , other than to avoid this product . And , PLAYTEX , if you are reading this , take the Genie off the market until it is truly `` new and improved '' !
 I hate my `` new and improved '' Diaper Genie , I wish I never bought it . We thought we should get some kind of diaper disposal system for our new son but boy am I sorry we got this one . Sometimes the `` neat little sausages '' come undone and you end up with one great big bag of stinky diapers . We did n't use the darn Genie long enough to merit getting the Stage Two refills becuase we found that most of the diapers -LRB- pee only -RRB- can go straight in the regular trash and the poopy one 's go in the regular trash fine if they 're put in their own bag first . There are a lot of little disposable make-your-own poop bags out now . We empty the house trash once a day so odor is not a problem . -LRB- We do n't create tons of trash , we just use a small bag for the house take it out often -RRB- My advice , save the money you were gon na use on any kind of diaper pail and buy more diapers ! They use 'em up fast!Aloha !
 As a new mom , I bought this and have regretted it daily ever since . I am ashamed to say I decided to put up with it for the last year and half . Besides being nasty to use -LRB- you have to push the dirty diaper down into the thing and all kinds if icky things seep out on your hands -RRB- once you move to stage 2 it does very little to prevent the dirty diaper smell . I now only use it for wet diapers when absolutely necessary . The rest go right out to the trash . I suggest you look at the Neat Diaper Disposal unit before wasting your money on this . Neat is no muss , no fuss .
 We absolutely hated the diaper genie . It never worked right . After suffering with repeatedly having to retie the knot to start the sausages over we finally took it to the dumster . We started using the regular trash can and emptied it nightly until we got the diaper champ . We highly recommend the diaper champ . Do not waste your money on the diaper genie .
 This is a fine product . But it 's also a silly one . Once upon a time , the Diaper Genie 's approach was the best idea out there -- a better mousetrap , no question . But the Diaper Champ is simply a better design ... because it 's simpler.The basics have been brought in several reviews here
 I have not used any other diaper pails so I am no expert on this . I am used to the operation of Diaper Genie and do not find it that difficult to use `` butt '' I do n't think this pail contains the smell really well . Before Katie was born I bought a plug in wall freshener unit in a pretty rose smell and her room always smelled so nice . Now it smells like a diaper and she only makes # 2 every other day and I empty the Genie at least one a week . I am thinking of trying the level 2 refills before I buy a whole different unit though so maybe that will help . Wiping the Genie out with disinfecting wipes and spraying with Lysol helps a little . I can change a poopie diaper like a pro but everytime I empty out the `` strand of pearls '' I gag .
 I think that this item is a waste of money . We did not purchase it whereas we received it as a baby shower gift . However , I feel bad that we put this item on our list . Here are the reasons why I object to it :1 -RRB- It does n't lock in the odor without turning the dial .2 -RRB- When turning the dial , you can still smell the dirty diapers and it wastes the plastic bag inserts .3 -RRB- The plastic inserts only tie into ` sausage links ' when turning the dial , only wasting more of the bag .4 -RRB- The automatic cutter on top usually does n't work . I have to open and shut it a few times before it almost cuts the whole thing . Most of the time , I use a pair of scissors to cut the trash free.People , . . do n't waste your money on this ! The only thing that I can say we use it for is for a trash bin in the bedroom . Otherwise , you 're better off buying a cheap trash can at Walmart or similar . Besides that , . . there is so much useless stuff that is over-marketed . They try to invent and sell anything , just to get your dollar . * Note
 Difficult to use
 Well , I put it on my registry and got it , and I wish I did n't ! The handle does not twist the bag , so it DOES N'T lock in the smell . It just does n't twist . It does n't cut through the bags , you have to use scissors to do it . The refills are really expensive . And it does n't have a foot peddle for no hands disposing . My son 's room always smells like you know what . And it does n't hold a lot of diapers . I feel like I 'm constantly emptying it , which is n't the simplest procedure . I down right hate it , do n't buy it !
 I ordered this item as a gift . It came in today , delivered in the actual box ... not within another protecting box . The box is beaten up badly and is not presentable for a gift . There are no directions and warrenty info -LRB- missing ? -RRB- . I wo n't know if it is damaged until I give the gift.Two Big Thumbs Down on delivery by BabiesRUs & Amazon .
 The genie works great prior to a baby eating solid foods . Shortly thereafter the pail really starts to stink . My daughter is 13 months old and I have already thrown out 2 genies . Find an alternative !
 I found that it was more trouble than it was worth to set up the Diaper Genie and do the refills . A garbage can with a tight lid works great and the garbage bags are way cheaper than the diaper genie refills . I change the garbage bag every day anyway and have n't had problems with odor .
 This product is a hassle !!!! Sure it works at minimizing odor , but putting in refills is a pain in the patootie !!! I have tried on multiple occasions to change it out quietly after my daughter has fallen asleep but have rarely been successful . The thing that twists the plastic wrap is almost impossible to get into the genie refill . Trust me , buy something else !! My daughter is now 4 mos . old and I would rather just stick her diapers in a bag and throw them away verses using this piece of junk .
 Yes , I agree , dirty diapers stink . However , this product is no magical genie that eradicates the unpleasant odors of a diaper overflowing with poo . In fact , the diaper genie is more trouble than what it 's worth . Refilling the liner is always a pain . I never knew a surefire way to tell me the genie was full and would always seem to overfill it , thus allowing for more stink to penetrate the babies room ... then , once your child reaches the toddler stage , there becomes the natural curiosity to see what the genie is all about.There are other ways to dispose of poo-filled diapers . What did man do before the diaper genie ? I 'm sure there were ways . With all the plastic grocery bags cluttering up our kitchen , we decided to double wrap each poo-filled diaper with 2 plastic bags and toss in the trash ... it works , and we were able to throw out another senseless item from our over-crowded house .
 I got this for my shower as I thought it was the best out there -LRB- from now on I 'll take more time to read reviews PRIOR to registering or buying ! -RRB- and when I started putting baby 's room together , I set up the New and Improved Diaper Genie ... Well putting it together is not that difficult - just read directions ... But mine never sealed the bags like sausage links , the way it 's supposed to do . I placed a diaper will a little water on it -LRB- just like a newborn 's one would be -RRB- and never got the hang of the stupid twist twice and click cut ... It sounds simple enough , but it never worked ... The plastic was torn here and there , but was never twisted together - if it was real pee or poo in that diaper the bedroom would smell like hell by now ... So off I go to BabiesRUs to exchange ot for a Diaper Champ .
 I found it to be complicated to use -LRB- as did my husband -RRB- . It still smells when you open it . Do n't waste your money !! I read these reviews and still added it to my registry . I should have returned it and listened ...
 As a first time mom , I thought I needed everything , well this is one item you can do without . First off the refills are to expensive for plastic bags , with a little baby powder smell to it . Second , it does n't cut throw the bag , half the time I would have to use a knife , you ca n't really turn it and when you can turn it , well it just does n't cut . Last , THE SMELL DOES NOT COME OUT !!!! , I tried everything , and it has this lasting smell of well you know . I found that just empting the trash everyday keeps the smell out . I would not recomend this Item to any one .
 When I was considering items for my registry , I thought that this would be a good thing to have . After i began using it , i began to like it less and less until i finally stopped using it in favor of a regular trash can . my biggest complaint is that you have to push the diaper down deep into the bottom of the container . this is VERY messy espesially when the diaper is really full . my second complaint is that it does n't hold very many diapers . my husban bought me the diaper champ yesterday , so far , i like it much better than the genie . the only thing that i like better with the genie is that it is smaller than the champ
 I use this product , and when you open it to put another diaper in it , it smells real bad . Then it takes a few minutes for the smell to go away . It is not very pleasant when you have to change and empty all of the old diapers . The smell does not seam to leave the genie , even after you empty it . Plastic holds smells and germs , do n't waste you money on this product , just buy some little bags and dispose of the diapers in a garbage can . I think someone needs to try making this product out of metal .
 This thing is horrible ! The bag tears and is difficult to put it in . It does a bit to help the smell , but it does n't eliminate it like it claims . A big waste of money .
 We had the original Diaper Genie , and although it was difficult to change the refills at first , we thought it worked well . -LRB- until our son was about a year old , when it developed this interminable smell , which would not leave even after cleaning it with full-strength bleach -RRB- . Now we are expecting our second son , and my 2 year old was helping me put one of his diapers in the New Diaper Genie , and somehow managed to break the entire lid assembly , exposing two small gears that would be choking hazards to a small child . I was very surprised and disappointed .
 I found this to be a huge waste of money . The bags were difficult to put in and the larger the diapers the harder to twist them in the pail . The worst part was the odor . It smelled disgusting no matter what I did to eliminate it . I finally threw it away and for my newest baby I bought a Diaper Champ which I love and find to be a cheaper , better option .
 I bought the diaper genie for my twins and used it for 3 months . My biggest complaint is , that it is hard to open -LRB- you often need two hands -RRB- and it is incredibly loud . You have to shove the diaper down and the bags really crinkle loudly , then you close the lid , which is heavy and if you are not careful will slam down . Then you turn the dial , which makes loud clicking sounds . My babies startle every single time . I just purchased the Decor plus diaper pail - so much better . It uses a similar cartridge system for the bags AND you can get them biodegradable now , so if you are using biodegradable diapers it makes all the more sense . Plus , once you are done with diapers , you can use this as a regular trash can , whereas the genie becomes useless .
 We had this product less than a year before we switched to the diaper champ . It was fine at first before we fed our baby to solids . The smell would leak out . We clean the diaper genie every week . Maybe the reason the smell was quite strong was becuase we just use it for the BM diapers and regulars trash can for the other diapers that way we would not have to constanly buy refills.It 's not a bad prouduct , I suggest emptying it out daily . I would strongly reccommend buying the diaper champ keeps out the smell .
 Okay - the positive is that the customer service is great . My first one was broken and they immed . sent me a new one.Bad news is the product is n't worth it . The cutter does n't really work and I hated changing it so much that I only used it for poop diapers . Well after 5 months it stunk anyway . I say use those little blue powdery diaper bags you can get a Walmart , BabiesRUs or wherever . This is a piece of trash .
 The diaper genie stinks , literally . There is nothing new or improved about it , it 's as bad as the original . The only ways to prevent this thing from stinking up your house is to only put wet diapers in it and take the poopy diapers into an outdoor trash can , invest in a case-load of Ozium because you 'll have to spray it every time you open the pail to put in another diaper , or tie each diaper in a plastic grocery bag BEFORE you put it into the diaper genie . Plus you have to buy the ` special ' bags for it that do n't work either.Don ' t waste your time or money on this thing .
 We hate the diaper genie - what a waste of money . Besides the stink problem , the bags are very expensive . My biggest complaint of all -- refilling the new bags . The put a cheap plastic ring in the diaper genie which is suseptible to bending and breaking . It 's a nightmare to change and I dread it . I think we 're done with the diaper genie ...
 I received the `` new & improved '' diaper genie at a shower . I was very excited . Its the only diaper pail I had ever heard about and had never heard anything negative . Keep in mind I had never heard positive either . After MAYBE a month of using it , I gave up on it altogether . The sausage links would n't stay rolled and I was always having problems with the cutting device . I hated everything about this . I ended up resorting to a good old plastic grocery bag -LRB- I 'm still nursing -RRB- . Now I am in the market for a good diaper pail and I know I will not be looking for a diaper genie ... it really sucked !!
 RUN AWAY , RUN AWAY ... There are only 2 reasons to buy the diaper genie ... you like the smell of poo or you like wasting money for refills.As a nanny I dislike the Diaper Genie and I always will . Every home I have ever worked in has had this stinky , hard to use , smelly device . The only way I can see a parent liking it is if they change the bag after every use or have nanny who changes it so the parents do n't know it stinks.When I was pregnant , instead of following the flock , I did my research . I went with the Diaper Champ . You use your own bags , it is as easy as throwing it into a regular trash can , and no smell!I can not say enough good things about Diaper Champ.But do n't take my word for it , do your research : -RRB-
 Well I actually read from the site that the Diaper Genie was good and bought it . Well . . nope . Here are the things that stink -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- about it . .1 . You are supposed to be able to twist the dial at the top to seal the diaper up . At almost every playgroup I go to -LRB- and my diaper Genie as well -RRB- the top has not sealed the last diaper so when you go to put your new diaper in , you get the wonderful aroma of aged poop . Lovely ! 2 . The blade that is supposed to cut the bag so that you can empty the contents has never worked the first time . You have to sit there and push the button over and over again . It is pretty silly .3 . The replacement bags are expensive and they have different types for different ages in order to be more complicated . I guess one has to be picky when it comes to diaper trash bags ! 4 . All diaper trashcans are going to smell . Both Diaper Champ and Genie cut down on the smell but you are asking for a miracle if you think you are never going to smell poop in your baby 's room.Anyways , after buying the Genie , I bought the champ and I am perfectly happy with it . Plus it is kind of fun flipping the top to get the diaper in . -LRB- simple pleasures ! -RRB-
 I got the diaper genie because my friend had one and really liked it . The new and improved model that I purchased would not cut the plastic ! We would push the button and turn and sometimes it would not pop up or pop up too soon ! It was a pain . I borrowed her `` old model '' diaper genie to get me through until I purchased a Diaper Champ -- which is way better than both models and cheaper because I do n't have to buy the expensive refills !!!
 My husband and I bought the `` new and improved '' Diaper Genie for our son recently , and I have to say , if this is new and improved , I would hate to see what the original was like . Not only was the refill extremely difficult to install - and very pricey-the lid broke off of its hinges in a matter of days . Also , the plastic protector piece broke off the inside of the lid exposing a sharp razor on the inside of the lid , which of course my son found and cut his finger on . This is a terrible product and we were very dissapointed . It did not stand up to normal everyday wear and tear . I am going to go out and buy a diaper champ today . It ca n't be any worse ! I would absolutely advise against buying this product . It is not worth the money !
 The most worthless thing we 've ever rec 'd was the diaper genie . Nice idea and all , but it 's horrible . The thing I hate most about it is that you ca n't tie a knot in the bag directly from the top when you cut it - diapers just spill out of the bottom when you open it . And - what 's w / all the little shreds of plastic from the shred-job when you try to cut it to disgard ? I 'm afraid my little one will choke on all the plastic shreds it produces .
 This product has been difficult to use from day one . The Diaper Genie was hard to work every time we tried to cut the bag to dispose of the diapers . I also thought the bagging system was really wasteful and another extra expense . To top it off it finally broke completly after only 5 months of use . We are getting ready to purchase the diaper champ I sure hope it works better than this !
 We received this at my baby shower , and used it for one week . In one week the bags had already run out and were very difficult to change , not to mention expensive . It was time consuming to turn away from my baby on the changing table to bend down to turn the crank to tie the bag . A complete waste of time .
 I have a two year old son and I used the diaper genie and I could not get the smell to go away even after I cleaned it . I bought the new and Improved -LRB- haha ! that is a joke -RRB- one and it has the same problem . The smell is absorbed by the plastic and there is no cleaner that I found and no about of soaking that can get the smell out .
 The Diaper Genie is the worst piece of crap I have ever used . When it works it is fine , but the stupid inner funnel ring has broken and had to be replaced 3 times already . The people at Playtex were very nice about replacing it , but come on ! Do you know how many diapers a baby goes through between the time this thing breaks and the time a replacement part arrives ? We did n't even do anything to hurt the ring , sometimes if you just open the unit too roughly it will shear the edges and then it wo n't fit back in the top . We have given up and bought a diaper champ .
 We bought a diaper champ which we use downstairs and the Diaper Genie for upstairs . Well ... the Diaper Champ 's been great but I as soon as I run out of Diaper Genie bags I tossed this diaper pail into the trash can , it would not keep the smells contained , you have to push the nasty diaper down with your hand and the bags are too noisy for 2-3 a.m diaper changes . I replaced it with a Safety First diaper pail which has been great so far after 1 month of use .
 i 'm not as impressed with this product as i am the genie 2 . this twist away pail system only holds 30 diapers whereas the genie 2 holds many more . it 's also difficult to twist when it gets nearly full and the cutting mechanism never works and i end up having to cut the bag from the inside with a sissors . i will likely purchase another system soon when my child starts to eat solids .
 The diaper genie was such a waste of money ... luckily I was able to return it to the store . The diapers never twisted into an individual sack , just went into one big sack at the bottom . I never knew if it was actual twisting , always had to check after each couple of twists , then usually twist again . Do n't waste your money ...
 I bought this snoogle mini because I was having trouble sleeping mid pregnancy and felt I need support under my growing belly . I bought the mini since I 'm only 5 ' 2 '' and did n't want the regular snoogle kicking my husband out of bed . Unfortunately , I returned it . It was uncomfortable to tuck between my legs and under my belly . It felt too short . I also felt it was too hard . I tried the variety of positions but it still did n't feel comfortable to me . I prefer hugging a regular pillow lengthwise along my belly for support , or a body pillow would also be great .
 When this came I could not beleive how MINI it was , but I tried to make it work ... I ended up sending it back ! This product is way too small for a grown woman .
 When I was pregnant I tried and tried to actually like this pillow . I could never find a single comfortable position with this thing . It was a huge waste of money ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS THING
 I had the original Snoogle and was looking for a replacement since it 's gone a bit flat . I figured I 'd try the mini out since the original did take up quite a bit of our CA king bed . I 'm not that tall -LRB- 5 ' 5 '' -RRB- and not that heavy -LRB- 125lb pre-prego -RRB- , so I did n't think it would be an issue . Unfortunately , I wish that I had just ordered another original.The mini is too small . I wanted something to support my belly and back at the same time , however the mini is too short to support both . I still use it , b/c I ca n't return it -LRB- since I needed to open the package to actually try it out -RRB- , but if I had the opportunity to do it over again , I just would have ordered the original .
 I am 5 ' 1and this was too small and uncomfortable . I returned it and got the regular snooker . Love that pillow ca n't live without it . Spend he extra money , you will be glad you did .
 I was excited about getting this when I was early in my pregnancy and was n't sleeping comfortably . I will say I was let down by this pillow . It made it even harder to get comfortable . However , after having my baby it was handy when younger kids wanted to hold her , or breastfeeding .
 As much as I wanted to like this pillow , I did n't . The fabric is n't very breathable and it sits only between your thighs , which may be fine for some , but I am preferring my whole pillow length-wise to keep my entire leg in alignment . The curve in the pillow is too short would be greatly improved if it were longer . I 'm 5 ' 4 -LRB- and plus-sized -RRB- and it was simply too short . It sure is cute and I liked the fact I did n't have to use it as my neck and head pillow if I did n't want to , but I will stick with using four of my regular pillows for now .
 I purchased this for my pregancy and found it a total waste of money because it was so uncomfortable . After my baby came I cut it down to make a spare boppy . Save your money
 I bought this pillow thinking that it would work well with my height compared to the regular size snoogle . Wrong-O . I am 5 ' 2 '' and it was worthless and awkward . I honestly ca n't imagine that the regular size would be much better . A regular body pillow would work much better and be less of a hassle .
 My husband got me the Snoogle Mini because we have a queen size bed and the total body would have kicked him out of bed . I am 5 ' 6 ' but I did expect it to fit from neck to bottom as , in my opinion , the shape suggests . It does n't fit . I have turned into every position described on the package and it was just uncomfortable . I 'll try to use it to nurse or I 'll use it when the baby is old enough to sit but still needs a support . If it does n't work for either of these activities I 'll come back and take another star away.Totally disappointed .
 I bought this when I was in my third month of pregnancy and just starting to show . I tried it for a couple of nights and could n't really figure out how to get comfortable with this thing . I think if it had maybe a little bit less stuffing , I would have been able to get comfortable with it , but this just was n't working for me . I tried it again every so often as my belly grew and I 'm now at 30 weeks and still ca n't get comfortable with it . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and plus sized but this just is n't working for me . I 'll stick to my body pillow from Target , thanks .
 Maybe I 'm crazy , but I 'm pretty petite and I could not wrap my head around it ... literally . I could not get comfortable and I had to return it and buy a bigger one . Soooo happy I did .
 Works ok to put between my legs at night , but it 's too small for me to use it as a body pillow . I 'm 5 ' 7 &#34; , so I 'm neither short nor super tall . I wish I had ordered a different pillow .
 This just did not do the trick for me . I 'm 5 ' 2 &#34; , so I thought the mini snoogle would be better for me . I really did n't like anything about it . The top part is uncomfortable to use as a pillow , which is one way it is shown for usage . I have tried bending it all sorts of different ways , and just none are comfortable . It does n't contour to my body well at all . I wound up getting a regular body pillow and am happier with that .
 I just called to order new tubing since I got my pump used , and they said their pumps are only designed for `` one-mom use only . '' Since it 's a hygiene issue , they can not give out any information about how to get replacement parts . She was actually quite rude , and that was after 15 minutes on hold to talk with someone . I found this crazy since I have replaced every other piece of equipment for the pump , and I just need the dang tubing to make the thing hygienic ! Best of luck to all those other thrifty moms out there !
 My pump is about 5 years old . This seemed to be the part I was looking for ... However , it did not fit . I am out of luck .
 A suction piece of my diaphram cap on my Medela Pump in Style broke off . I called the customer service hotline to see about ordering a new part . I was told that they no longer carry my part , and I would have to buy a completely new pump . Online stores are no longer allowed to carry replacement parts for my model . This refusal to let me purchase a replacement part is an outright attempt to make me spend more money to buy a new model instead of simply replacing the part . I am highly disappointed with this company .
 I was about to order this from here and saw a few comments about calling the 1-800 number . I called and they are sending me a free set ... . no cost to me at all . Thanks !!
 I shipped this product to my daughter in TX and she never received the product . I have emailed the company on 3 occasions regarding this issue and the only response I am receiving is that the product was delivered on April 6 , 2009 . I have contacted the apartment office and the packaged was never delivered . Please assist .
 Just to update . I called Medela today 1/14/2010 and they are sending me a set of tubing free of charge . Save your money !
 I ordered this tubing through Amazon , sold by SCS collectibles -LRB- also made by Aerobile per packaging -RRB- . It is not in Medela packaging but a clear bag -LRB- see picture of product from Aerobile -RRB- . I have not even opened it , but I can read the instructions through the bag that specifically say `` DO NOT clean the tubing using steam or boiling water . Washable with cold water . '' I realize that the tubing is not supposed to be in contact with the milk , but I would feel much better if I could sterilize it as the Medela instructions say . Not sure exactly what material this tubing is made of , it looks like the regular tubes that come with the pump . I 'm going to return them anyhow and pay the extra couple of bucks for the ones from Medela !
 I am so glad I read all of these reviews ! I called Medela and they are sending me the tubing free of charge via USPS to arrive in 3-5 business days ! She said if that 's all I needed she could just send them to me and she asked for my address and contact info . Not 10 seconds after I hung up the phone I received a confirmation email from them . The lady was super nice , verified which pump I have , and helped me with no questions asked . Absolutely no reason to buy these !
 I also called the 1-800 number . They asked what kind of pump and sent me complimentary tubes ! Thanks for the tip !
 I called the 1-800 # that everyone is posting and they do not give the tubes away for free . They even commented that the posts on amazon for free tubing is not true !!
 I called Medela customer service today -LRB- 3/7/2011 -RRB- 1-800-435-8316 , option 1 for customer service . The wait was a little long , 20 minutes of repeatedly hearing `` thank you for waiting '' every minute or so . When I got a hold of someone she was very pleasant . I simply stated I needed replacement tubing for my pump . She asked me to describe what kind of tubing , if it was hard plastic on one or two ends . I told her one end . She then asked when I purchased my pump . This is a hand-me-down from my friend who barely pumped and since I did not know the purchase date I replied `` a few years ago '' -LRB- I 've had this pump over 2 years -RRB- . I went on to explain I was n't quite sure what the model was and she said that it was fine . She then said as a courtesy they will send one replacement . I know for a fact there have been no replacement parts ordered for this pump , so maybe they keep track by name/address ? She asked me my name and mailing address and that was that . She said it should arrive in 1 - 2 business days . Awesome !
 EDITED REVIEW
 Listen to everyone here , do n't order Medela will send them for FREE , just called and should be here in 3 to 5 days . I guess the price we pay for this pump it is the least they can do .
 Tubing did not fit my pump . Assure you are 100 % aware of what kind of tubing you need before purchasing . Suggest additional info on what pump this tubing fits on disscription of product .
 After my husband melted mine in the sterlizer -LRB- take note - dont do this ! -RRB- I started freaking out and looked everywhere locally to find these . All to no avail . I knew that Amazon would have them , but after reading the reviews I figured I could call and ask , no harm if they said no . After just 5 minutes on the phone , explaining to the girl my situation -LRB- she was super friendly -RRB- she said that they did in fact supply them free of charge and when did I need them by ? I told her that I was due next week , and she informed me that they would be happy to send them priority mail to me so that I could have them in time . I have already recieved the confirmation code for the mailing and they are scheduled to be here in 2 days . Fantasic ! Please do n't waste your money - just call and ask !!
 All you have to do is call Medela and they will send you tubing . . free of charge ! Do n't spend money on it ! I called today and they are sending me the tubing 2 Day Priority .
 Call Medela , # 800-435-8316 and hit 0 , tell them you need new tubing . The first time I tried I had someone tell me its $ 19.99 . I decided to try again , got a different person . She told me the same thing but I told her I thought it was a free replacement . She asked me how long I have had it , I said my son is six months old -LRB- indirectly answering her question -RRB- . She said she would make a one time exception ! I will have it by the end of the week !
 I ordered `` Medela '' tubing from a seller here . What I got was a cheap Chinese knockoff with no UPC code , name or any other info on the package . The color of the plastic tubing ends did not exactly match the other Medela items , either.Be sure to read seller 's feedback before ordering .
 BEWARE !!! Despite the listing specifically stating -LRB- with pictures and instructions ! -RRB- it is for the new PIS and PIS Advanced AND the picture being exactly what I needed , I received incorrect tubing . The tubing I received was for the First Issue PIS Advanced , Symphony , Lactina , and Classic Breastpump with double adaptors . Also , even though the listing stated it was shipped by Medela when I bought the item , it was sent from a store that was just an individual 's name and was not in Medela packaging . May not be an issue for some , but this is important to me and why I ordered from Medela instead of paying less from another store .
 the tubings were not original medela items ! they are just replacement brandless items ! if i only knew , i would n't buy this item ! i would want an original medela spare parts for my breastpump !
 I called Medela Customer Service today and inquired about the cost of replacement tubing and she asked if it was all I needed so I told her yes and she said she could send me a set for free . I do n't know why some people get free tubing and others do n't , I would keep trying , it is worth it .
 this does not fit all medela pump in style advanced pumps like it says !!!! got the tubes which do n't fit my pump and now I am stuck with tubes I ca n'tuse .
 I wish the product description specified what type of pump these tubes could be used for . I have the older Advanced Pump in Style and these tubes did n't work . I ended up getting the correct tubes from a local women 's center for $ 8 .
 This tubing did not fit with my in style advanced breast pump like it said it would . Very upset about it .
 Just call Customer Service . They told me at first it would cost $ 19.00 !!! I said nevermind and they are shipping me a free set .
 You can call the 1-800 number and ask to have these mailed to you for free
 I followed the other reviewer 's advice and called Medela 's toll-free number to get this for free . I explained that I needed replacement tubes and the person was very nice and said , `` Just give me your address and we 'll send you a pair for free '' . It took just a few minutes and I got them in the mail a few days later .
 Once again Amazon has disappointed me with their suppliers . These tubes arrived in seperate envelopes , the envelopes looked like they were taken out of the trash and taped together . When I opened the envelopes the tubes were shoved in and kinked . The one tube was dirty like it had been used . What gives ? I am not putting these tubes anywhere near my childs food source . UGH !!!
 The tubing arrived today for my Medela Pump in Style . I was terribly disappointed in the packaging as there were pieces of hair wrapped around the tubing . Furthermore , both tubes looked as though they had been used . Overall , it looks a little too unsanitary to use even if I were to sterilize . Gross ! So disappointed !
 This vendor needs to change the item description immediately . I purchased this item from them specifically because it was listed as being made by Medela . I received the item today , and it turns out it is made by Aerobile in Taiwan . They are charging $ 13.99 for this item under the guise that it is a brand name item , when another vendor is selling the exact same item for $ 9.70 . The other vendor , however , is being honest and listing it as being made by Aerobile.Please do not be duped by this listing . If you do n't mind generic , save yourself some money and order from the other vendor . If you want tubing made by Medela , this item is NOT it.To this vendor
 This tubing does not work with my advanced pump in style model as stated in the product description . After my negative review I was contacted by Rebecca at set 4 baby . This was their response : `` This is item # 8007212 Medela tubing for advanced breastpumps including the new models . We have yet to have a complain that this doesnt ' work with the advanced breastpumps . Re the packaging - It clearly states on the product page that this item comes from medela in bulk packaging and we repackage the item for individual sale.If you had complains you couldve contacted our company we wouldve been glad you help you - maybe you do n't know how this tubing works . `` From the amazon site , I did read previous review stating that this tubing did not work for them as well as other complaints from other customers . I do know how to use the appropriate tubing as I have successfully used it for the past 8 months . The set 4 baby tubing has the adapter piece on one end of the tubing and does not come with the adapter piece on the other end .
 I just called 800-435-8316 - press 0 for the operator and ask for customer support - Told them I wanted to order replacement tubing and was transferred to customer service . They verified the correct tubing for the pump I have and said they will promptly send it to me in the mail at AT NO COST . Just call them ...
 If you happened to melt your tubing during sanitizing , but still have the plastic inserts and need just the tubing , save yourself money and time and head to the nearest pet store - this tubing is identical with aquarium tubing and it will cost you a whopping $ 2 ! Second , DO NOT sterilize any tubing - the material is too soft to withstand higher temps . If you look at the pump closely , you will realize that milk never touches the tubing so there no need to do more than wash with soap.All above is based on my actual personal experience .
 I bought these tubes because they were advertised as Medela brand tubes . These tubes are NOT made by Medela , but in fact , made in Taiwan by AeroBile , LLC . I read the reviews posted here that said Medela was giving free replacement tubes , but I had no luck with that , so I decided to order them here instead , thinking I was still getting Medela brand tubes .
 This is NOT a Medela product . It was made in Taiwan and has no certification that it it BPA free or anything . Buyer beware .
 These tubes are after market . They are not `` by Medela '' as they posted . Plus , who knows if they are BPA free and so on . They sorda scared me . I would never use after market parts like this on a machine that I use to get food for my baby with.I called Medela and told them that my tubes are looking funny and knew that there was a recall on some part of my pump . They then just told me that there will be some new ones sent to me , `` want is your address ? '' . Plus , there was no charge . If you do n't have the same luck then you can buy them on their site you just have to dig around to find the online ordering . I would try customer service first .
 this item was definitely better quality then the last set i bought for a lost pair . hope they last a lot longer and do n't get lost .
 I was excited about this product after I put it together and filled it with toys . Now I 'm very disappointed that the mechanism on the inside to make it close slowly has ripped off , exposing screws and ripping the `` wood . '' I tried to reassemble it but it did n't work . I was hoping to return it but did n't realize I only had a month to do so . Disappointing because I have had such luck with Kidkraft furniture in the past .
 This toybox looks very nice and I love the color . However it is not what I would expect for the price . The wood is thin , and the floor of the box will not support heavy toys . For this price I would expect a solid piece of wood to support toys . I ordered the item with the safety hinges , which once installed are very stiff and when closing the lid , pulled the screws from the frame of the box . Overall , I would n't recommend as I think you can find a higher quality toybox for the price .
 This toy box seemed like just what I was looking for for my two boys ' rooms to store all of their toys . A little assembly did n't scare me . But it was very awkwardly put together , and the bottom panel is this flimsy cardboard , which ended up collapsing and falling down . I am very disappointed in this product .
 Product seems to be designed well and pretty sturdy . I was very impress when first I opened the box and felt how heavy and solid each component was not like cheap Ikea particle board stuff.The installation went pretty smoothly almost to the end until I get to the part installing the metal lid hinge piece . After I screwed it on , I realized that the lit did not close all the way but stopped just about the half way instead . I took the piece off again and found out that the hinge 's arm did not swing all the way like it was supposed to . I called the customer service , but only the answering machine picked up asking me to leave a message -LRB- lame -RRB- . Instead of leaving a voicemail , I sent them an email asking them to send me the replacement.Then , I decided to look at the hinge in order to find out what was wrong . I disassembled it down to pieces and found out that shroud containing a spring inside was faulty and had a bump inside preventing the full movement of the hinge arm . I had to take out my Dremel and grind the bump to smooth it out . By the way , it was a pain to assemble the pieces back on , but I was able to get it done and fix the piece.Well , now the toy box is working fine , and it looks great and all , but I have to say that I am not very confident with the quality control implemented at KidKraft 's product facility inThailand . They could have checked the hinge in a few second and rejected it ... very simple . But obviously they did not ... meaning that their quality control is not very good .
 After putting the thing together , the hinge was attached to the side piece in the wrong place , so it would n't line up with the predrilled holes in the lid . After calling KidCraft and asking for the replacement side , they sent the wrong piece . THREE tries later , I finally got the right piece . Since it was a `` safety '' hinge , I was very reluctant to drill new holes for fear it would no longer have that safety feature.The Kidcraft rep was very nice and helpful the FIRST time I called . After receiving the wrong part , though , I called again . . and again . . and yet again . . before someone finally calledme back . For the hassle I went through and the price I paid , it 's just not worth it . It took TWO MONTHS to get this thing right !
 One part missing and one part not drilled , so got it two weeks ago and still waiting on parts .
 This toy chest looks beautiful and feels very sturdy , but broke after less than 6 months of use . Very disappointing .
 After receiving the box , we found out that it dind ' t have instructions inside . So , considering myself and my husband quite intelligent , we decided to try to put it together . Well ... it was going very well untill it was time to screw hinge to the lid ... and that was 4 MONTHS ago !!!! Yes , you heard me right FOUR months age . Actually it was our Christmes gift.Anyway , Predrilled holes in the lid did n't match holes in the safety hinge . I decided to call Kidkraft to ask about that . After waiting about a week for them to call me back , they assured me that right after we receive assembly instructions everything will be just fine.Another week later , instructions came in the mail . Unfortunately it did n't show how to match those holes . I called Kidkraft again , and I was told , that this is very common problem , and I just need to replace safety hinge.Another 2 weeks later , hinge arrived . SAME hinge as another one we had , no difference what so ever . Another call to Kidkraft ... Another assurance , that ` possibly ' this is a lid issue , that they will replace the lid . BUT ... only after Chinese New Year ... that lasted at KidsKraft till end of March !!!! End of March - No lid . No place to put toys away ! Got on the phone again with Kidkraft . Apparantly , lids came from China all damaged , and another shipment is due in the end of May ! And after that , they will ship it to me right away.That was the last straw for me , I asked to talk to super , and after about 10 minutes of waiting , I was told that they will find it for me , and will ship it right away.Week later , beggining of May , my lid finally arrived . Well ... guess what , the holes in the new lid , are in the same place as the old lid holes.My journey with Kidkraft is not over yet ... At this point I do n't know what else to do . It was a complete nightmare . Now I am stuck with a worthless piece of furniture for $ 180 . So , think twice when you order from Kidkraft . It was my first and the last piece from them . No more !!!!
 At first I loved this but then within 24 hours my husband opened the lid and lid broke from the safety hinge . Not happy with how easy that happened . Now we have a toy box that can not be used by my daughter .
 This seems like such a good idea , but my daughter hated these pacifiers . They were always snapping shut on her , and the closures seemed to press into her face and not be comfortable . I offered them over and over , but finally gave up . I found one in the car months later that I 'd left there for an emergency , and I offered it again , but she still could n't keep it in her mouth .
 Once set up , the lamp looked really cool and I liked it a lot . About four days later , the wire that connected it snapped . That was the end of the lamp !
 At first I was thrilled with this pump . I 'm a first time mom and I tried the Medella Swing and it stopped working after a few months . I decided to try out a manual pump and bought this one . I was very pleased because it actually worked better than the electric pump and just as well as the Medella hospital grade symphony . The problems started after a few pumps . I started to quickly notice that this pump was cheap and would break soon . It did - less than a month later ! It just broke because of the cheap plastic it 's made of . What a disappointment and waste of money ! Also , like the other customer said , there are a lot of pieces to take a part in order to clean it properly and it is noisy . and - it does leak every time you unscrew - more waste of milk after you work so hard to pump it out!This is so disappointing especially since I 'm a working mother and have to go out and buy another pump tonight for my daughter to feed tomorrow ! Alhamdulilah!Pros
 When I bought this pump , at first I liked the comfort and feel of it . That was very short lived . In a matter of just two weeks , I had two piston assemblys break , then after replacing that , the handle broke completely in two ! This pump was not abused or misused at all . My daughter was weaning at the time so it was only used 2-3 times per day for maybe a month and that 's pushing it . Very disappointing product . Would not recommend this at all .
 This pump was terrible . I am a first time mom , and I hated this pump . I bought it thinking that the convenience of pumping into bags and putting them straight into the freezer then popping them straight into a bottle would be great . But the pump does n't actually pump . It does on occasion , but not enough to efficiently pump at all . There are a lot of very small pieces that you have to take off every time you pump to clean it too . It was also noisy -LRB- rackety -RRB- . I could n't pump in the same room as my baby , it would wake him up every time . I suggest to get any other pump that you are comfortable with -LRB- I went with a nice yellow one -RRB- and then get the breast milk storage kit if you still want to pump into the liners , The kit has attachments that fit nearly all breast pumps and you can still pump into liners with any other pump . This pump was a total waste of money !!!
 The car seat looks nice but the buckle in the front -LRB- chest -RRB- is not even and during winter with the jacket on it is very hard to close . It is also not adjustable and comes all the way to the neck of the baby .
 DO NOT BUY UNSAFE - see photo and note 's in image gallery for this item to understand what I am talking about.Let me make this simple if you want something just like this but with out the annoyance of the chest strap adjuster on the child 's chest with a long dangerous strap . Then get the cosco 5 pt harness booster they sell at walmart or target for the same price if not cheaper for the same thing but better made and a step up from this seat . Or invest a little more cash and get a better model all together.Pro 's - Easy to install , easy to wash , all put together so easy to set up . Compact & light weight . Cheap , if on a limited budget.Con 's - Durableness , safety , ease of use , etc.Some of the reasons you should NOT buy this seat - Once you wash it can be hard to put back together.Cheap is not always a pro in this case , as it 's some what hazardous with it 's chest adjuster & flimsy plastics.Poorly made arm rest when install correctly are flimsy and the child will rip apart ! Cup holders do not stay on for long after a few weeks falls off seat and wo n't stay on . If left off there is holes where children can hurt their fingers -LRB- other company 's recalled seats for this VERY reason ! -RRB- Uncomfortable for child any age , unless they are very thin.Short back for it 's intended age range ; unable to adjust to a higher height . Thus being dangerous again in the event of an accident , if childs head reaches top end there is not neck or head protection . I can assure you having owned 10 car seats now , will not hold up ! I would n't expect it to protect a child at any age in the event of an accident.We owned this seat 2 months before I gave up and donated it free to a family with no seat for their child as any seat is better then no seat in this case . I did warn them though of it 's issues and why I choose not to use it . Some people do n't care . But I do as my child 's life is worth all the money in the world.Please if you really want something cheap , 5 pt , cup holder / arm rest , to last awhile go to the cosco brand High Back Booster Car Seat I know they have one with arm rests now as long as you get a newer one like the one at target , you should be fine . They run $ 45.00 + tax which I have seen was a black model and manufactured only 3 months ago .
 Has a very strange buckle that gets in the way . My daughter complains about every time she gets in the car . We sent this back for Graco .
 We purchase this seat for our 4 yo son . The tightening buckle in the front was appealing , but it is way to hard to use . It does n't give slack evenly . And changing the straps positions as the child grows is almost impossible . Very difficult . My son is very capable of getting in and buckling himself , but hates this car seat . We have had it for 1 year and are now looking for another for him .
 The adjustment on the shoulder strap is extremely inconvenient and VERY hard to deal with with an impatient toddler . The armrests are flimsy and fall off , or are ripped off with little to no effort . The cupholder did n't stand a chance , fell off after about 4-5 uses . That I could have dealt with , but when her legs get pinched when clicking in the crotch strap on SEVERAL occasions ... even when I try to shield it with my hand , it was time for it to go ! Never get any of the problems with the $ 50 Graco convertable .
 Though my son is saticfied when he is with me , I was considering not breast feeding because of how little I was getting from pumping . I bought this pump on an emergency . I had a medlia and my ice pack leaked into the motor so i need a new one asap w / little money to spend . After two weeks with this pump my supply went from 11oz -LRB- I was already complaning about -RRB- to 4oz in a whole 10hr workday . After reading I 'm not the only one having trouble with it I will stick with breastfeeding and upgrade right away.Wish I read these first hope it helps someone avoid the hassle , just buy the best . Keep in mind even if it is for temp use the settings are from one extreme to the otherlow-i could n't even tell if it was onmed-tickled causing letdown but suction to weak to get milk outhigh-felt like my skin was tearingif i could have given no star i would have
 This was the worst breast pump ever in my opinion . It looks good , and honestly it does feel comfortable when it works . How ever the motor is terrible , it only worked for less than 3 hours total use time before it lost suction . They have bad customer service , and of course you ca n't return it and get your money back . I had to go back to using my medela manual breast pump for a while until I purchased an electric medela breast pump on ebay that I really love . My friend owns a lansinoh and she loves hers as well.The playtex system is a great concept because of the soft nipple shield but that is all , it is just `` a concept '' because the product does not work . I am really disappointed with playtex for not maitainig their high quality standards in continuing to manufacture and sell this pump knowingly ripping people off .
 What a great disappointment . I got this pump as a gift and oh what a nightmare . I have been trying to get it to work for several weeks . I have pumped with a Medela manual pump and it works like a charm . After 10 minutes I have 4 ozs of milk , but with the Playtex piece of junk I get nothing and sometimes maybe 1 oz after pumping for more than 10 mins.My sister recommended the Medela electric pump which she has been using since she had her daughter and she recommended getting one . What a big difference . It cost more but it is the best pump ever . I can get 4 ozs in 5 minutes.My advise to anyone who needs a pump is DO NOT BUY THIS PLAYTEX PUMP.She has contacted playtex , they sent her new tubings and a new pump and it is still a piece of junk . Playtex needs to remove this from the market.This is only for those who have milk pouring out and do not need a pump to get it out.I wish I had check the reviews on Babies R Us before I bought this piece of junk .
 Invest in a pump with features that are better customized . This pump does not achieve maximum milk flow . * Update * after a little over a week of using this pump twice per day it has totally konked out . The suction stopped working . I will contact Playtex and see what they can do about it . * Update * Playtex is sending me new tubing and another motor . This seems to be a common problem with this pump . Save your money and purchace another pump . I would change my rating to one star if I could .
 I 've had this less than nine months and the motor is shot . It now has little to no suction and I 'm just going to have to throw it away . Do n't waste your money -- buy a better quality pump that will last .
 It worked ok the first few times I used it , but it seemed to just keep going down hill from there . It 's loud , slow , cumbersome to deal with the bag and bottle , and twisting the pump off to get lid on . I only ever used one side at a time , ca n't imagine the lack to suction had I tried to do both . And I really had to press the pump hard against myself to keep the seal . Thankfully mine was only a gift , but I will not be keeping it for next time . I honestly doubt it would still work by then .
 This pump has caused nothing but headache for me . My daughter is 6 weeks old and creases my nipple , so I decided to pump so she can still get my breastmilk . I put this pump on my baby registry because my boyfriend said it was the cheapest double pump ! I wanted to put the Medela Pump In Style Advanced on my registry , but NOOoooo too expensive . Yea , you get what you pay for ! This cheap double pump breaks a lot . The breast shield base cracked 2X ! The silicone breast shield is torn . The motor is loud . I even got milk backed up in the tubing and they claim that this should not occur ! The silicone breast shields stick to your skin , so you have to gently rip them off of you . But pumping is surprisingly comfortable despite this issue . A major flaw is that it takes me FOREVER to pump ... and I feel that my breast just do NOT empty at all . I can get more out using the Medela Harmony . I am power pumping to increase my milk supply because I swear it decreased from using this pump . I am waiting for my Medela Pump In Style Advanced Metro Bag to come in the mail . Save your time , energy , and money on this one . You do not want to cause yourself a headache . There have been several times that I have cried over this pump because I have to sit here for almost an hour each time just to get my baby 's full feeding out of it -LRB- which is 4 oz . a feeding 6x a day -RRB- .
 Unfortunately this did n't last very long in our house . I noticed it was leaking a few months after we bought it . But I was n't too disappointed because my baby did n't really love it . Definitely not something I would purchase again .
 First off the plug to fill the mat with water was almost impossible to open . Finally when I did open it I filled it with water and off the baby went to play . Not long after that I noticed the baby was covered in water their was a leak on it some where . Cool concept but not effective
 I read the other reviews but decided to chance it . Big mistake -- I was so excited to show this to my baby but upon filling it up , it began leaking rapidly . We did n't even get one use out of it . This is going back to the vendor . : -LRB-
 I purchased this product , based on the description it seemed like a very entertaining toy for my child . However , it comes without ANY instructions , and I had no clue on how to put water in the toy . It is not obvious and it is very frustrating . It is literally sitting on the counter collecting dust . I even went so far as to google the toy to determine if anyone else had the same problem . Someone suggested emerging the device in water in the bathtub . I did that and it did n't work .
 We could n't use it simply for the reason that there was no way to fill water inside . We tried , looked and probably got a mat with a malfunction . Also once it was closed we were n't able to reopen it with out ripping it apart . Too bad , my boy would have liked it . : - -LRB-
 The idea behhind this mat is great , however , the actual product was a bit underwhelming . First , without the assistance of the reviewer who explained how to fill the water portion , I 'd likely have assumed it was just broken . Once explained , filling the water pocket was very easy . The mat is pretty small - my 9 week old could not fully fit on it , but he did seem to enjoy the different sensation . After 48 hours the air had leaked out of the outside ring and the fisg in the inner ring was being hunted by the cat . We move it to higher ground bur an additional 48 hours later and it had spring a leak .
 Great concept , my daughter seemed to really like it , however soon after within a few minutes of her laying on it ... it was leaking by where the water goes in . I checked the seams everything did not find a hole , however it was leaking everytime I had it hanging over the sink why where the water valve is ... so it was a total bust for me ... not worth returning , as I 'd ripped the packaging anyway . so nice quick waste of $ 10 ...
 I ordered this for my 6 month old . Although a cute idea , my baby found this product very frustrating . He is currently into the stage of putting everything in his month , so after a few seconds of trying his best to get the fish out of the mat , he became very frustrated and moved on to another toy .
 Although my child thoroughly enjoyed this product , I believe it 's probably safe to assume it contains BPA . Also when my child punctured it , I called the company , and I was told they could n't help me . They would n't even send me a repair patch . My baby did n't even have teeth and he punctured it . On that note , I tossed it in the trash . I really thought it wouldve lasted longer .
 This is the biggest piece of garbage I have ever purchased ! You 've got to be kidding me ... no I instructions ! As if it is that simple ! Ridiculous and unprofessional is what it is ! It 's not even worth sending back ! It should actually get NO stars but then you would not be able to submit the review !
 First of all , here is how you fill it
 This item was mildly entertainling for my daughter when she was pushing up on her belly and before she could crawl around 4-8 months .
 There are a lot of things wrong about this product . The box clearly states that it is for 6m + . Yet , as many reviewers here will attest , children over 6 months are not interested in it . I find it odd that many people have uploaded pics of children who are around 3m old as an example . This toy is a clear suffocation hazard for tummy time ... please do n't leave your babies unattended with this toy . It was a `` Dr. Toy Best Vacation Children 's Product '' Winner . If you google `` Dr. Toy '' , you 'll find that she has given about 50 different toys this honorary position of `` winner '' , and few of them seem ideal for travel.Some reviews say this toy was cheap . After shipping costs , you pay about $ 15 . This amount of money for a crappy toy is n't cheap.Besides the difficulty to FILL the toy ... nobody has mentioned that once you have filled it , there is not a logical way to empty it . There is no way to completely remove the water besides cutting it open . You can not `` fold it up and put it in your diaper bag '' as the description says . It says it 's an `` excellent take-along toy '' . It 's the worst take along toy ever . Nobody wants to tote a fragile plastic bag of water with them on the road.The description says that babies can `` push the colorful pieces around the large play surface '' . No . The plastic is too thick for any kind of controlled movement of the pieces . They move through the water in response to pushing on the surface , but it does n't get any more cognitive than that . And the play surface looks larger in the picture than it actually is.We 've had this toy for a week ... and it is leaking along one of it 's seams . My daughter is 3 months old and has not played roughly with it.I love how the box says , `` Quick and easy to inflate and fill with water '' . I personally do not appreciate when toy makers and distributors lie to the consumers .
 Many of the reviews talked about the flimsy plastic but I decided to take a chance because it was low cost . This product arrived with a hole already in it ! I would not recommend this product !
 did n't read the dimensions correctly when ordering . Upon arrival , I realized that this could n't be use for tummy time at all .
 The plastic smells really toxic . This is for sure not bpa free . I aired it out - then I tried washing it with baking powder and dish soap . The smell improved only a bit . I let my baby play with it for only a few min . at a time due to the smell . It 's too bad because she loved it . After a few weeks some weird brownish mold started growing inside . I threw the product it in the trash . Great concept-poor materials .
 The product is cute and fun for new parents because of everything is at the time . We go this thinking our infant would love playing on it . He did . Only bad thing was that the product began leaking water in our floor after he played on it over two days . He was just starting to crawl . Good fun for our baby but it leaked so soon that I think it was just now well made .
 I CHOOSE 2 AS A RATING FOR THIS ITEM AS IT WAS USED FOR MY SON FOR A VERY SHORT TIME AND THEN LEAKED . NOT RECOMMEND IT AT THIS TIME OF THE YEAR .
 So sad to say our 6 month old daughter had a wonderful time playing with it for one day . She 's petite and although her 5 year old brother enjoyed showing her how to push down by day 2 it had sprung a leak . I do n't believe my son did anything to make that happen . But certainly we were disappointed to throw it out before it had been in our home 48 hours .
 Was not worth the money ! Product leaked on carpet , when filled with water all the fish seemed to gather in the top air pocket not spread out like the picture shows even after reducing water volume .
 I got this for grandbaby . It was very smelly . After baby played with it she smelled like plastic . Very heavy and hard to store
 The legs that attach to the base tend to come loose . We used it 2-3 times -LSB- less than 30 minutes each -RSB- before 2 of the 3 legs got disconnected from the base.This toy is hazardous and should be pulled off the market.Please do not buy this .
 FIRST FIVE LA warns about all walker and similar toy because there is so many babies and children that comes to the hospital ever year with broken bones an other injuries after fall out of this kinds of toys . i know that it is attention but please stay away from this types of toys the are dangerous .
 This is a very unsafe item . The legs do not fit properly into the base , causing the exersaucer to fall apart at any given moment . If I had not been standing within arm 's reach of my daughter , she would have gotten hurt when the exersaucer collapsed with her in it . She is only 5 months old and definitely not over the weight limit ! This item should be pulled from the market !
 I 'm disappointed with this mirror . I had read the reviews written about the other infant mirrors in this product line -LRB- panda , bear , pink puppy , etc -RRB- and the reviewers seem to be happy with the product so I had high expectations . Do not expect to see details of your baby 's face . What you see when you look into your rearview mirror is your baby at a distance . It is not a close-up so if you have a baby who spits up like mine and want to see her face to know that she is okay , you wo n't get that view with this mirror . I have a Honda minivan and the mirror has been installed on the headrest as suggested by the manufacturer so the distant view is unfortunately just what you get with proper installation.The only good thing about this mirror is that it 's cute and my baby likes looking into it.Update
 I bought this mirror because of all the great reviews . But I am not thrilled with it . I have to see if I can find anything that works better for me . Maybe all the car seat mirrors are problematic . Who knows.The view in this is very clear , though small.The bigger downside though is that I have it attached for the middle seat in my mid-sized sedan and , as a couple other reviewers point out , it completely blocks the visibility of the car behind you . It actually spans the distance from the top of the seat to the roof of the car , splitting the rear window visibility in half . I thought I might be able to live with this , but I can not . I ca n't see the car directly behind me on the highway at all . I ca n't see if they are real close or far away or not there at all . I like to be able to see behind me because it helps me gauge my reaction in an emergency situation.So , I 'm going to look on ...
 I was so excited when I ordered this product because it seems to be the safest infant mirror I could find and also had many ways to install it . I placed it in my back seat as directed . The seats in the back are at a slight recline so I could n't even see my baby from the rearview mirror . Luckily I have a fold out armrest in the back right in front of my baby . I tucked the bottom of it in there and loosened the fastening so it sort of hangs out at a different angle . It 's jimmy-rigged but is n't sturdy enough for my liking . Great idea just does n't work . ** UPDATE ** I was putting my car seat when it accidentally hooked on the mirror . In an instant it was broken and it broke with a very sharp piece sticking out . Very weak material and very dangerous !!!
 The mirror is not much larger than other mirrors or more clear . I ended up returning it for a regular rectangular mirror . There was nothing special about this mirror !
 This mirror does not work with my Britax Roundabout 55 rear facing car seat because of the way that it needs to be tethered to the anchor , so I 've put it in the seat next to it , and I can still kind of see my child . It is HUGE ! There is no way that I would put this on the headrest . It would completely block my vision . It 's cute , though , and the mirror image is really clear . I wish I had n't bought it . I did post a picture of the different ways you can anchor the mirror .
 I bought this mirror thinking it would be better than the plain square one I bought at Babies R Us , but was very disappointed and returned it . The mirror attaches easily , but makes the reflection so small it 's hard to see the baby 's face . Also , the head stick ups and blocks the rear view unnecessarily .
 This product is such a disappointment . There is no noticeable difference between putting a few drops of essential oil on a cotton ball and placing that somewhere in the room versus using this diffuser , except that the diffuser consumes electricity . Wish I could return it .
 This item does not perform well . I was expecting that when in use , it would emit enough of the fragrance of the essential oil to at least fill my small bedroom . But , instead , I can barely smell the fragrance when standing right next to where the diffuser is plugged in . And then , even that odor dissapates within an hour or two . I would not reccommed it ... a waste of money .
 It simply does n't work any better than putting a drop of oil somewhere.It definitely does not fill the room with fragrance.It 's junk . Save your money .
 The scent wears off within half-hour ; not worth it . Also , the diffuser is upright only in vertical outlets ; so if you have horizontal outlet next to each other like this
 I ordered this bib and was expecting to get the bib in the picture for my son . Instead I got a pink bib that says love all over it -LRB- although the picture of the cute bib I thought I ordered was on the packaging -RRB- .
 this is a useless product.only makes formula , food room tempature.you could warm formula , food just as well if you put it between your legs for 10-15 minutes .
 This bottle warmer works well if you are heating up a bottle that has less than 4oz .
 I bought this and the Up Right Pillow for our trip to Florida . The Up Right Pillow worked great to fix the problem . The kid 's head flops forward in their carseat and boosters . This pillow does n't stop that ! If they are leaning back enough it I guess but most kids are n't . This one takes work to hook to the headrest and get fitted just right behind them ... which arches up their body and back . The other one you just hold under your chin with hands in place . Easy to do and the kids love them . Okay , I even like the UpRight Pillow for me !!! Try that one first !
 We really wanted to like this product but it just did n't work for us . From the picture it looked like the pillows should sit behind the toddler 's shoulders but we could n't get it to fit there properly with the straps . Maybe we were n't using it right ...
 Head support was not that good . I had to put something else there to help support my grandson 's head .
 So I bought this for my 3 year old son who is in a backless booster seat thinking it would help . It doesnt it connects to the back of the seat and nothing holds the pillow parts it in place it just kinda hangs there my sons fallin asleep with this and its no where near his head I tried pinning it to the seat and it just cant be placed right dont waste ur $
 you only have one strap that goes around the headrest . There 's nothing to help you secure the pillows to the sides of the safety seat , which annoyed my toddlers to no end . They ended up batting it away , and never used it to sleep .
 I bought this and tried it one time to see if it would work . My son 's head still flopped all over the place . It only works until they actually fall asleep . Do n't be swayed by the photo like me .
 I bought this bag in hopes that it will make traveling with a one year old slightly easier . This bag was ok to start and fit my britax -LRB- a feat in itself -RRB- BUT 10 minutes into carrying it into the airport it BROKE . I would not buy it . I emailed the company and have yet to hear back .
 I purchased this bag for a last minute trip to lug my Britax Marathon around the airport . One of the straps broke within the first couple minutes of use -- I could n't believe how flimsy this product was . The other strap broke during the return flight . I also noticed a number of tears along the bottom of the bag . I ca n't imagine how this product could remain on the market , given how it ca n't even survive a single round trip flight . I remember seeing a `` lifetime guarantee '' on the box , so I 'm planning to contact the manufacturer about this .
 This mobile came in a dusty , crushed box and was obviously used . The mobile was dirty and had little fuzz balls all over the material covered stars . Very dissapointing . I returned it and would NEVER buy anything from this seller again .
 I ordered this for our 2nd vehicle and it served its purpose well , except for the fact that the leg holes are are too small . I ordered it because of the low price , but paying a little more for bigger leg holes may be best . It was always a struggle/hassle to get my son 's feet/shoes through them or out of them . After only 2 weeks of having it , we were ready to buy a replacement like the Bright Starts Comfort & Harmony Cozy Cart Cover , Calypso Blue cover we already had . It usually took 2 of us to get his feet in/out . He 's 22 months , so maybe this works better for younger kiddos . Needless to say , we lost it while on vacation -LRB- it must have fallen out of the trunk while pulling out the stroller -RRB- , so I 'm ordering a different brand today .
 This cover is great in that it covers all surfaces of the shopping cart , but the major flaw is in the belt . I did not feel as though my daughter was secure in it and not having it attached to the cover itself means that it is super easy to lose .
 I purchased this product and will not advise anyone to purchase it . It ripped after the first wash and as a new Mom you will be washing it quite often . I sewed it and it riped even more in a different location and when I say ripped it is torn to shreds . I washed it in cold , delicate with Dreft detergent . It is a poorly made product , as least the one I received . Even the stiching is ripping out . I am very dissatisfied and would not advise anyone to waste money on it . I hate writing bad reviews but I do n't want other Mother 's being as dissapointed as I was in this product and wasting their money .
 I saw this in a store a few months ago & I thought would try it out . It is such a WASTE OF MONEY !!! There is no padding . It is so thin & the metal bars stick right out . This is not comfortable at all for my child.Also , there is nothing holding it on to the cart . My child could easily expose the bars on the cart , thus defeating the purpose of keeping her away from the germs.I am incredibley disappointed with this product . It is not at all what it is advertised . I have since went with a diffirent cart cover that is much better than this CHEAPY CLEAN SHOPPER COVER.Do your research before buying this one . My advice ... DON `` T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!
 This Clean Shopper is a horrible product . Not worth the money at all . I bought this thinking it would be a great way for me to keep my child safe from germs & comfortable while shopping . I was WRONG . It does not cover as well as it advertises & the material is so thin that that the bars are still poking through making it uncomfortable for my child to sit in.Definitely do some researching before even considering this product .
 I read all the reviews and purchased this product thinking it would be great . It 's not very good quality and very thin . My purchase was made 3 or 4 months ago and already the velcro on the cover is not sticking well . My son is 11 months old and able to pull it off and expose the shopping cart . It is also not made for larger carts . Some reviews have stated that they use this cover on carts from warehouse stores , not sure how they do . It barely fits on the standard size carriages , it ripped while I was trying to get it on the cart at Target and it only covers 3/4 of the seat at BJs . I have great difficulty getting it over the cart with one hand , not sure how others say its done with ease . Do n't buy this product if you plan on using it often . I know that others brands tend to be expensive , but you when you are carrying a child , a diaper bag , a cart cover and all the contents of the carriage , it 's worth paying double the price to make the trip a little easier . I just purchased the Genuine Floppy Seat Cover and it is well worth the extra money . It 's huge , extremely thick , and comes with a bag attached to tuck it in .
 I agree with another reviewer , whose information I read only after I 'd purchased the clean shopper . It is impossible to keep track of an unattached strap . I returned this product as soon as I saw the strap , which you need to attach your child to the cart , is separate from the cover . This was not specified in the description . Also , it just bothered me that the printed material ... the cute jungle animals that are supposed to stimulate your child , not you , for heaven 's sake , are printed upside down to their eye . Sorry , but I have enough to look at when I 'm grocery shopping . I am very disappointed that I still do not have a cart cover for my child . The clean shopper was at least reasonably priced . All of the other cart covers I 've seen which are large enough to cover the whole cart , and are well designed , start at $ 60 .
 I agree with the other posts that say the Clean Shopper is a terrible product . It is awefuly uncomfortable for baby to sit in . There is no cushioning at all.We received this as a gift when our daughter was born . But at the same time , we also received the Buggy Bagg from my husband 's parents . The Buggy Bagg is wayyyyyyyyyy better . It is a shopping cart cover , high chair cover , diaper bag & changing pad all in one . It has very thick padding , matching pillow , toy loops , bottle holders , zippered compartments & folds into itself creating a bag with handles . I LOVE MY BUGGY BAGG.We took back this aweful Clean Shopper . I would hate using it for my child . Take my advice & buy the Buggy Bagg .
 My biggest complaint about this is that the velcro pieces are useless . The placement of them does n't help at all in many types of carts , and my 17-month old son spends most of his time pulling the fabric back from the cart and touching every surface he can reach . It 's not a `` Clean Shopper '' for me . I 'm not paranoid about germs , but shopping carts are pretty disgusting ... I 'd prefer to have a cover that stays put when I attach it . And the strap it comes with is a joke .
 We bought this without doing any research ... we really wanted a 2nd one of the Evenflo Expressions that we love , but the store ran out , so this was the next affordable choice . Unfortunately many drawbacks that I just have n't thrown it out because we need it and ca n't afford another ... The tray is too easy to take off , the permanent mini tray does n't come off and makes it hard to put the child in and take out , and the cleaning insert is laying in a corner in my pantry because we never were able to use it because it too comes off too easily ... these are supposed to be aimed at fussy , stubborn infants and toddlers , right ?
 There is no room for baby to sit up correctly between the back of the chair and the large tray . The large tray comes off and you have a little tray acroos the front . But if you need the big tray as I do ... do not buy . baby needs the big tray . Also the baby is always reclined back . There is no adjustment to sit baby correctly up straight.I actually went and brought a new high chair .
 This chair has this plastic tray that cant be removed . There is the tray that snaps on that you would put food and other items on and that tray has a removable part to make clean up easy . All that is fine . The odd part is that when the main try that you expect your highchair to have is removed there is anothe small plastic tray that ca n't be removed that makes it so that when the chair is on the lowest level your child can not get themself in and out of the chair . My 21 month old loves to climb in and out of her chair when it is on the low setting . She thinks she is helping . With this odd part there is no way she can do that with this chair and it makes it hard to get her in and out because she has long legs . I would not keep this chair if I had known this before my husband set it up and started using it and got rid of the box . The hard tray also scrapes her legs . I hate this chair
 Watch out for hurling objects with this one . The tray insert is too easily removed and tossed by the baby so there is no benefit in using it . Even the main tray is easily removed by the baby . This is the big concern.It is as simple as the baby reaching underneath and pushing up with the palm of their hands and the tray is off and flying . It is the buttons underneath used to put the tray onto the chair that are the issue . There is very little resistance to push the buttons and from the baby 's position they have very good leverage to push them with no trouble at all . Very poor design . This is my first but now that I understand how babies operate I could have pointed this out as a poor design.Our baby is 1-year old .
 My title should speak for itself . My 18 month old has figured out how to remove the tray and does it in the middle of the meal . He ca n't help but to it all the time . I have 3 other kids and have never had this problem with a high chair before . -LRB- My last one needed to be replaced -RRB- It is n't too bulky and does n't take up a ton of room in the kitchen , but I do n't like the mess it makes ! Terrible design for the tray .
 Loved this high chair when I registered for it ! And I still loved it after my 6 month old started to use it . But once my son turned 10 months old he easily figured out how to remove the tray from the chair . He did it by accident the first time , but then decided it was a fun game to pop the tray off while it was full of food ! HUGE mess for every meal from then on . We tried to figure out a way to block our son from reaching around to grab the release buttons on the sides . But we could n't come up with a solution . The release buttons are huge and take no effort to push and pop off the tray . Easy enough for a 10 month old.Sadly we had to give up the chair after a few short months ! We ended up going with a smaller high chair that attaches to a regular chair at the table . And I thoroughly inspected each high chair tray before buying !! Not sure why Graco did n't see how easily the tray could be removed by a baby.So as long a your kid does n't figure out how to release the tray on their own you are good . But once they figure it out it 's all over !
 We did n't do alot of research on getting a highchair and we 're regretting that now . The chair is basic and was working great until our 14 month old found the release for the tray . The tray release is easily in his reach , under the part of the tray that is right up against him on either side . He can push the tray off anytime he wants to , food on it or not . Poor design !
 I purchased the Chicco Cortina 6 months ago and pretty soon noticed many faults :1 . No access to basket underneath when seat is fully reclined .2 . Wheels are very cheap , not bouncy at all , just like the really cheap umbrella strollers usually have . Also they do n't operate smoothly at all and look very worn already ! 3 . The infant car seat that comes with the stroller is VERY HEAVY . The one good thing is that the seat snaps easily into the base .4 . The seat of the stroller -LRB- for toddler use -RRB- is so cheaply done , it 's a joke
 The stroller as a whole is so-so . It 's rather flimsy and cheap -- as other reviewers have mentioned , the wheels are cheap and bouncy , the wheel locks only worked reliably for about 5 minutes , the canopy is pretty much a joke . The thing that bothers me the most , however , is the difficulty in removing the `` washable '' seat cover -- yeah , it 's washable if you 've got a couple hours and a couple engineers handy in order to get the thing off ! The majority of the straps holding the seat cover in place come undone in a snap . But there are two straps near the feet that literally took my wife and I 30 minutes and a handful of various kitchen tools to get loose ! Boo .
 I hate this stroller and am trying to sell it . It is too bulky to shop with . There is no need for it with the infant seat , and I want a better stroller now that he 's out of the infant seat , so it was never useful . I used a Maclaren Easy Traveller -LRB- much recommended over the coordinating Chicco travel system strollers -RRB- witht he Keyfit 30 Infant Seat to get him everywhere . I wanted the Cortina so that I could lay him flat and not have him trapped in the car seat all the time . Even for an obsessive mom like me , it just was n't worth it . The storage is minimal and impossible to get to if the seat is down , it turns poorly , it is wide , and it takes up my whole trunk ! This stroller is sitting unused in my house , and I do n't have space for it !
 I bought this stroller a couple months ago when our son was two months old . I researched this stroller and the upper weight limit would allow us to keep this stroller for quite some time so we were excited about the investment . Now , my son is 4 months old , 16 + pounds , and 90 % in height and weight . He is not fat , just a big guy . I adjusted the waist straps to their full length and noticed that they were tight around my son 's waist and seemed to start to poke him . I do n't want him to experience this discomfort as well as any internal injuries.Also , the canopy is a joke . We take walks at various times of the day and it only works when the sun is overhead . Well , it is common knowledge that when the sun is overhead , this is the time of the day of the most dangerous and intense sun , so why would I want to be outside then?Bottom line
 Whoever has posted this image has misrepresented the product , and unfortunately too many reviewers are commenting on the whole Travel System and not simply the stroller.With regards to the product , this is a great product . I am weary of amazon for showing the travel system picture when the price and the title reveal that you are purchasing only the strollger .
 I purchased the diaper pail . Never could get it to work ! Returned it to Babies r us ! What a waste of my money !
 I do n't know why I even bother to purchase this product . My diaper genie still smells bad whether I put new filter in or not .
 I own several of these swaddlers , all made slightly differently . Unfortunately , this one just does n't work . All three of my babies -LRB- 6-month-old triplet girls -RRB- can weasel out of it quite easily . Instead of having a large velcro area at the waist to secure the bottom half , it has just a little tab . One minor kick and my girls are out the bottom . The material is so stretchy that they can easily get an arm or two out or , worse yet , pull the thing over their face.I recommend looking at swaddlers in person before buying . That way you can stretch the material to see if it will really be restrictive enough for your individual baby .
 They use a dye in the fleece that smells oily and no matter how many times I wash it I ca n't get it out . I am sticking with cotton for my swaddles .
 I recently purchased this item as a gift for my sister who has a new baby.However , the item that was sent to her was NOT the Kiddopotamus brand swaddle blanket !! A similar item of a different brand was sent to her . She decided to keep it , however , this is completely unacceptable . An online retailer can not simply just ship a different item - albeit a similar one - instead of what was ordered !! I am irate about this . She wanted the Kiddopotamus one , I wanted to get her a gift . Instead , because some incompetent Amazon employee decided a different item would be just as good , this gift-giving experience was a fail . I explained to my sister that Amazon returns are easy but since she 's the go-along , get-along type she wo n't be doing a return , even though she was visibly disappointed when she opened the package and saw it was not the Kiddopotamus blanket.If you want the Kiddopotamus swaddle blanket , go buy it in a store . Do n't order it here because who knows what you 'll actually end up getting.Furthermore , I will never order a gift from Amazon again . They have lost any and all future gift-related business from me , and I 'd advise you to do the same if you actually care about having the right gift sent , rather than playing gift roulette with Amazon .
 Even though this is listed in the description of 0-3 months it is however , 14-22 pounds . For some ODD reason all the kiddopotamus swaddle descriptions share this `` 0-3 months '' regardless of size . Look for small if you are ordering for an infant .
 When we heard about this blanket , we were very excited . Our daughter loves to be swaddled , when we get it right - however , the blankets that we have -LRB- even the ones that the hospital used to swaddle her -RRB- were not very helpful for easy swaddling . And she works herself loose because she 's getting stronger every day.We hoped a blanket cut for swaddling with the velcro would be the solution ... However , two problems :1 . It does n't fit properly and she works herself loose despite the velcro - the velcro contact patches are very small - there should be a broader strip of velcro to attach to so it is more adjustable . Our daughter is small , and it is just too big on her . She swims in it . We hope it will work better when she gets bigger .2 . Fleece - decent winter solution , but terrible in the summer . And terrible if you keep your house over 60 degrees . If only it came in a lighter material -LRB- we have n't found it -RRB- . Oh well ... it definitely seems to work for some , so do n't use our review as your only basis.THAT BEING SAID , HOWEVER , we found two other options :1 -RRB- When our kids were very young -LRB- - > 1 month -RRB- we used a large waffle weave blanket from Target -LRB- ~ $ 5 -RRB- and it worked wonderfully ... we can wrap it tight , and she does work herself loose after about 3 hours , but it is better than any of the previous solutions .2 -RRB- the Amazing Miracle Blanket -LRB- another swaddling blanket -RRB- , was our by far favorite swaddling blanketOne other note about swaddling - whenever she has been properly swaddled -LRB- usually by an expert -RRB- she loves it ... We initially told some folks who have a lot of experience with children that she liked to have her arms loose . the response we got is that most babies behave that way , and it really is the small minority of babies that do n't really like swaddling . Now that we know how to do it properly , we would agree .
 We bought one of these , why ? Maybe cause it was cheap , and yes it is cheap . If you are serious about a swaddling blanket , get a `` miracleswaddle blanket . '' They may cost $ 30 , but they are awesome . This item is no good .
 I bought this wrap for my 3 month old son . The wrap is not very breathy . I always find my son in sweat when I see him in the morning . Also , my son hates it . He cries and cries when I swaddle him with this wrap . This product just does n't work for everyone I suppose .
 My son is not generally a fussy baby . However , one night he was fussing , so I thought I would try this out . I received one as a gift and had heard all about how wonderful it was . After I got my son all tucked inside , he started to scream , and he did n't stop screaming until I took him out of it . I tried it a couple more time , with the same result each time . Like most baby products , I guess the success just depends on the baby .
 My daughter does n't like this thing AT ALL . She prefers just be wrapped up in a blanket .
 COMPARING IT TO SWADDLE HALO , THIS IS LOOSE AND NOT AS TIGHT AS THE OTHER THAT I HAVE . A LITTLE DISSAPOINTED BY THE PRODUCT
 I bought 2 of these last year , one in microfleece and another in flannel . I encountered the same problem with both . My chief complaint is the velcro fastener for 2 reasons . Firstly , it 's irritatingly loud . Whenever I unfastened it to change my baby 's diaper -LRB- even when I do it very gingerly -RRB- it often startled him into wakefulness . Secondly , the velcro lost it 's sticking power after about a month 's use and this made swaddling impossible . For my next baby , I think I 'm going to invest my money in the Miracle Blanket ... it 's a lot pricier but it may be worth it . We 'll see .
 We 've used these swaddles for both of our sons . When our second was getting close to the 14 lb . point , I ordered this swaddle and an organic cotton version . I washed both before using according to the instructions included . The organic cotton version came out fine , but this version shrunk down to smaller than the small size we were already using ! It 's completely unuseable . I 've had good luck with this product previously , but will order an organic cotton version instead .
 This product is easier to use than the miracle blanket , but unfortunately also easy for the baby to break out of . She was napping in it once and I found her with it up around her nose & mouth , which was a bit alarming . We stopped using it after that and stuck with the miracle blankets . That being said , this is probably fine for a very young baby who ca n't break out of it , or fine if you are watching the baby constantly -LRB- e.g. if they are napping in a swing in the living room -RRB- .
 This looked great on Amazon and I read the reviews before buying two of these SwaddleMe fleeces . If you have a wriggly baby , or one that has strong limbs - then do n't buy this product . My baby at 2 weeks was pushing his way free . I was also given a couple of other velcro type swaddles , none of them worked . Finally I tried the Miracle Blanket . That is the ONLY swaddle that keeps a baby properly contained . We have only just stopped using it -LRB- baby is 4 months -RRB- because he has managed to work his fist out to suck and pacify himself each morning , which I believe is a sign that he 's ready to graduate to just a sleep sack . Just beware that these swaddles are expensive , so go with one that you know will work whether you have a more passive baby or not - the Miracle Blanket . No buttons , no velcro , just well positioned inner flaps for the arms , a pouch for the legs -LRB- which is separate from the arm flaps so you can change the diaper without undoing the entire swaddle -RRB- and then much longer flaps that wind around him and tuck in on the edge . They also do well in the washer/dryer . Hope this helps a bit !
 I am a newbie mom and purchased one of these while I was pregnant . Now it sits in a drawer having been tried once.SWADDLING NOT FOR ALL BABIES : Swaddling was a new strategy of calming babies that I caught wind of . As a mother of a 5-month-old , I have learned that there is no exact science when it comes to caring for a baby . I have a friend who swears by swaddling , whereas our baby resisted , kicked , and Houdini'ed out of our attempts from the day we brought her home from the hospital.JUST USE A BLANKET INSTEAD : This design narrows the use of the blanket to swaddling your baby , whereas if you were to use large receiving blankets there exists a wider range of uses
 This product is horrible . I followed the instructions carefully and had freshly painted , clean , dry walls . The product did n't stick for more than 5 minutes . It 's difficult to put on and it does n't work . I am very disappointed since I picked paint colors for my son 's room based on this border and now it does n't work so I need to buy another one which will not match .
 I was just sitting in my bedroom and heard what sounded like someone walking on plastic went to investigate and found my sons border half off the wall and still falling
 I purchased this boarder for my sons room . it went on really well and looks great . The only issue i have is that the boarder wont stay adheard to the wall . It says its easy to remove -LRB- i see that by it removing itself and not sticking to the walls -RRB- but i wish it would just stay where i put it . i now spend every day pushing parts of it back up against the wall . not happy with the sticky backing of this product at all .
 Really disapointed , it looks good but it does n`t stick I followed the instructions and the thing does n`t stay in the wall : -LRB-
 This `` self-stick '' wall border does n't stay stuck to the wall 's in our son 's room . Not sure what the issue is but it keeps coming off .
 its cute but it doesnt stick and the quality of the paper is poor . I spent time putting it up and it just kept falling down . it was very frusterating ; i finally had to go and buy some wallpaper paste . havent used it yet , we shall see if it works ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS BORDER !!!! Not unless you want to be constantly putting it BACK up and then finally breaking down and taping the stupid stuff to the wall . I wish I had bought the prepasted stuff and just done it the hard way ... would have been less work in the long run !
 This product did n't stick on the wall for more than 5 minutes . We had a freshly painted , clean wall and it just fell right off . Complete waste of money .
 I was so excited to receive this product and surprise my son by re-decorating his room for Christmas . It took me quite some to put up the border around my son 's room - I followed the directions exactly . Everyone loved it and it looked awesome ... it really finished the cars theme well in his room . Then about 5 hours later I walked by his room and the border was falling down . I climbed back up on the later and reaffixed it to the wall and really focused on pressing it down well . A few hours later it fell down again . Then I got thumbtacks in the corners to hopefully keep it from falling but the middle of the border sagged and is now only being held up by the thumbtacks . It absolutely doesnt stay affixed to the wall . Really good looking product but the quality is TERRIBLE !! Unfortunately this was a complete waste of money =-LRB- I didnt even want to give it one star but i had to . I 'm completely unsatisfied
 The border itself is very cute and went really well with the blue and red paint we did on the walls . However , it does not stay stuck to the wall . We have a thin doubled sided tape on it right now and it 's holding it for the most part but still have to smooth it down daily . We should have maybe tried border paste . Not sure if the two I got were just bad but I know from other reviews that other people also had problems with it not sticking to the wall . So loved the look of it but was overall disappointed with the product .
 I purchased this item for my son to put up in my grandsons room . He put it up three days ago and it is starting to come down already . Is there a remedy ? I should have read the reviews first because I probably would have gotten it elsewhere .
 After applying the 4 sets of borders that were needed for my son 's room , I needed to immediatly go back to where I started and start reapplying the edges that were starting to fall down already . I had to `` chase '' it around the room to keep it up , then finally ended up grabbing tape to reinforce it . Three hours later it had almost completely fallen down . After another round of fixing and falling down -LRB- with some tearing involved -RRB- the whole thing went into the trash . Walls were clean and smooth and I followed directions , so bottom line - looks cute in the package , does n't stick to walls .
 I painted my grandson 's room because he will be living with me while his parents are deployed in Afghanistan . I bought this border to complete the room and it will not stick to the wall . Why do they state that a border is self-sticking and easy to use if it does not work ? I am so very upset . This was expensive and my grandson will be arriving in a few days to find the room incomplete . Is it possible to add an adhesive to make the border work ? Has anyone had success with this ?
 We were so excited to put this border up in our sons new Lightning McQueen room . We had done a border before in his nursery , and it was no big deal . This product , however , was a disaster ! It would not stick !! The walls were freshly painted and clean . We even let it hang for a day to straighten out . We even tried using border paste -LRB- even though it is supposed to be self-adhesive border -RRB- ... still nothing!We were able to take the product back to where we bought it and the lady there even said she could n't get it to work for her.Bottom line
 loved the way it looked , but it did n't stay on the wall but about 5 mins . Oh well , what 's next .
 If you produce wallpaper border please make sure it sticks to a wall . I had to remove my old wallpaper border in this room with a putty scraper ... I made a playroom for my 4 year old son . I sanded down the walls , new paint , the walls were like new . I put this self stick border around all of the walls and at once noticed it was n't holding in some areas . I smoothed it back over and even helped the border along with pieces of scotch tape every few feet to keep it from lifting . I put the border up on a Wednesday night ... I came downstairs on Friday morning and an entire 9ft . run of the border was sagging off the wall all the way to the floor . 36 hours ! For the three rolls I bought that works out to about a dollar an hour and now it all sits in a garbage can . This product is easily in the top 5 all times wastes of my money . I understad the benefits of self stick and easy take down border ... but not to where it takes itself down .
 This is a completely adorable , waste of time . It sticks for about 5 minutes then peels itself off the wall . I tried applying wallpaper paste to see if that would fix it with no luck . I finally resorted to using TAPE . Very frustrating .
 Bought this product and it did n't stick at all except to one wall in my son 's room . Bought some more thinking that maybe the wall was n't completely dry . Waited a week and tried it again , same result . Called Blue Mountain -LRB- the company that makes it -RRB- and was told there was nothing they could do and to call Amazon ! I 'm like , `` It 's your product ?!! '' DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 The album is nice but it came with rust color spots all over it ?? i returned it they sent another with same problem , but only a few spots ?? pages very nice with corner tabs so you can use any size pictues .
 The description of the product says that it is for 1,000 pictures . However , when I got it I noticed that it is just for 200 pictures .
 I ordered the ivory , blue and pink albums for each of my children and I love the way they look . It took me a few weeks to get my photos printed to put in , and by that time the window to return these for a full refund had passed otherwise I would have . The plastic that holds the pictures falls off after a few uses causing the pictures to fall out . I 'm going to have to try and discreetly glue the plastic back on and probably tape each picture in the album so they do n't fall out . I 'm disappointed because the look is exactly what I want ... just bad quality . I would not buy this product again but try and find the same colors in a better quality product .
 Pearhead Side Photo Album PinkI was so excited to start putting pictures of my Granddaughter in this album - I decided I would start it off with her 1st birthday - when I went to put the 1st pic in - the binding split the whole length of the photo album - what a huge disappointment -
 I thought this would be a great teether for my little one , and it was until about 3 weeks after purchase when I noticed little black specks inside the `` rattler '' part . You see , there are two tiny holes on the back there and as i washed and sterlized it I was suspicious about water getting in and what it may do ... Well , all my efforts to clean and dry properly did n't work because one day I looked and saw black specks which I realized was mold growing !!! Wish I could return because I 'm certainly not giving it to my baby . Nice idea except that water can get in and IT WILL GROW MOLD !!! YUCK !! BUY SOMETHING ELSE ! MY little one loves the avent teethers and they wo n't grow mold and you can sterilize no problem .
 To find this teether I did a search for teether USA , because I wanted to find one made here . The teether said Combi USA so you would think it was actually made here . No , it was made in China . Very misleading .
 I ordered this and then promptly returned it . No where on the packaging does it state that this item is BPA free . I know Amazon is saying it is , and after searching the internet , it is listed other places as being BPA free ... but the packaging does not say it . So ... do n't trust that it really is BPA free ... especially since it was made in China with the case has words in Chinese on it , not English .
 This Combi teether -LRB- 8 month -RRB- is a sturdy well-made toy in nice , modern , colors , and is BPA-free too . It 's surprisingly lightweight , allows you to thread a pacifier-holder ribbon through so it does n't drop on the floor and comes in a clear , hard-plastic ` bubble ' for keeping it clean . . and that 's where the positives end . The teether is advertised as being made especially great for back teeth/emerging molars , but the four ` tabs ' that stick out are far too short to reach ! My then-9-month old tried in vain to jam it in his mouth to alleviate his teething pain , but it just did n't reach . In addition , only 2 of the 4 pieces that jut out are even usable ! I have absolutely no idea why the design team put the 2 ` support pillars ' right under 2 of the tabs instead of strategically placed in between them , but that automatically cancels out their effectiveness as they barely have room to be nibbled on with front teeth ! DESIGN FAIL ! Even now at 14 months , he 'll occasionally give the teether another shot but I can almost see the disgust in his eyes when he quickly realizes it 's a sham . The rattle too is a joke . The few miniscule beads in the underside are barely loud enough to make noise , let alone entertain/distract a child ; something I look for in toys because one toy that does at least two jobs is a godsend to parents who need to ` buy a little time ' and keep a baby entertained just a bit longer . . A re-design would definitely help this teether accomplish what it set out to do -- calm molars in an effective way while looking good at the same time !
 The little teething nub on this is so small . My son hardly ever put it in his mouth , he simply enjoyed shaking it like a rattle because it has little beads inside . I thought it was a cool idea , but it was n't a hit like I had hoped ...
 I have no clue how this even qualifies as a teether . Do not buy it there is nothing for my little one to rub his gums on .
 I purchased this teether after my 9-month old decided that the squishy dropper part of the infant Tylenol bottle was his favorite thing to chew on . I searched high and low for something similar he might like since he was n't a fan of the ever-popular Sophie the Giraffe teether . I came across this teether and thought it might be similar and work for him . Unfortunately , he is n't a fan of it . I wish they made a teether that was a tested , safe version of the Tylenol bottle since it seems that a lot of babies like to chew on that -LRB- but I wo n't let him since I 'm paranoid ... -RRB-
 I bought this when my daughter was about 6 months , over a year ago . Through this entire time she was never interested in it . It 's a good idea , but just did n't work for me . She uses it occasionally as a light rattle . That 's all .
 I can not believe how poorly this box was put together and with what cheap quality materials . If that was n't bad enough this item is n't even properly depicted or described . This is NOT an empty box . It has not 1 , but 2 `` shoe pair '' dividers -LRB- meaning 4 separate compartments for baby shoes -RRB- which take up half the box . It also has a lift-out board which would doubly protect the items and add a higher level of quality to this product if it could actually be lifted from the box . When I opened the lid on my box and attempted to gently lift out the insert using the attached center pull ribbon , I found that it could not be removed . It fit in the center of the box where it rested , but the terribly poor construction on the inner part of the box lid left a ridge of folded cardboard which is visibly larger on one side of the box than the other . I actually had to press down on one side of the insert board , leaning on it with my weight , just to slip a knife edge in between the opposite wall so I could pry the insert out . It took me several minutes to get it out and there is no chance of getting it back in.I give new mothers a gift of a book that can be read in the hospital on the baby 's actual birth day and then again every year on its birthday . Along with this I provide a small scrapbook that has a page for each year - a place for a photo and room to record some thoughts . I decided it would be nice to have a special container for these items , to keep them safe and add to the tradition of taking them out every year . I thought I was ordering an empty box . The shoe compartments -LRB- which would fit toddler shoes -RRB- take up too much space and are needlessly tall.I 'm really frustrated that this product is so badly represented and worse is completely shoddy . Thank goodness my needs required me to unwrap and open this box . How embarrassing if I had given it as the gift !
 I 've had it for 2 weeks and it 's already falling appart . not very good quility for how much they charge you for a BOX .
 THIS IS SOMETHING THAT I COULD HAVE MADE MYSELF . JUST A FLIMSY CARDBOARD PRODUCT AND I AM NOT SATISFIED . IF IT WOULD HAVE COST ME $ 5 OR $ 6 THEN I WOULD BE OK BUT IT COST ME LIKE $ 30 AND THAT 'S NOT OK ! P.O.S
 The box took a long time to arrive . When it arrived , it had black marks on the side and the top had been pushed in . I was very disappointed .
 The insert inside matched the size of the box . This normally is n't a problem but when you add fabric to the side that creates an issue with getting it out . I had to cut all 4 corners once I got out to be able to get in and out . Other than that issue I like the box .
 I spent hours over weeks looking for a stroller that I could use for jogging , but that did n't break the bank . I knew this was not a well known stroller , but by the specs it seemed it had everything I needed/wanted in a stroller . When I got it , It seemed OK ... however , I just could n't get past how big it was , and how cheaply made it seemed . Then , the first time I used it for more than just a walk into daycare , it started squaking SO loudly ... The storage on the bottom is pretty small , the parent tray is so close to the button to fold the stroller , that it 's basically useless . It had a couple of neat features , like the removeable child tray , and it does sit about vertical if wanted , but it is such a pain to get it all the way up . Pinches my finger every time , and you have to move the seat fabric . Overall ... I 'm definitely not happy , and will be returning it and paying the extra money fo a baby jogger or a BOB . Hope this helps .
 nice stroller , but very cheap made . If you are looking for a stroller that will last - this is n't the one . Very disappointed .
 I LOVED this stroller at first with the exception of the very long seat straps -LRB- too loose for even my 9 month old -RRB- and small canopy . Seemed to have everything I wanted -LRB- love the storage , child & parent trays -RRB- . Great price and friendly customer service . HOWEVER it has been recalled for the front wheel falling off ... and then the back wheel fell off during a 5K -LRB- thank God I was walking -RRB- I tripped and my baby almost hit the pavement . I returned it the next day . I will spend the extra $ 50 for a Joovy 360 which gets great reviews and will hopefully keep it 's wheels on !
 This stroller seems very nice at first , but it has flaws . I used it daily for 3 month . I am not doing anything crazy with it , but just today one of the wheels fell off . I was reading a review stating the same thing after I purchased and was hoping this was a one time thing , but it happened to me , too ! So be careful . Look around and you might just be better off purchasing a different stroller.It also wears off fast by the connection parts , where it folds . I was just waiting for this thing to break , tell you truth ... Nothing happened to my son , because I had a good grip on the stroller ...
 This stroller is just plain awful spend the money and get a decent stroller . Where to start ... well I have had this stroller for a year and the first issue is the lame straps they give you to hold the infant stroller . They are nearly impossible to get the car seat attached and it 's just such a pain , buy a click and go or a graco one that is compatible they are so much easier . Basically do n't plan to use this stroller with your infant car seat at all because it just does not work . Then it is very small you ca n't fit any child over 2-ish . The tray is just too cramped and it 's too narrow . The break is a joke the one I have I ca n't even get it to work at all even when I stomp on it it 's just cheaply made and does n't work . The stroller is also VERY unstable it will tip very easily ; even going over the smallest bump it 's very dangerous . The cup holders are too small and the key holder does n't open . The ONLY good thing about this stroller is it looks good . The functionally is severely lacking I would NOT AT ALL recommend buying this stroller .
 I LOVED this stroller at first with the exception of the very long seat straps -LRB- too loose for even my 9 month old -RRB- and small canopy . Seemed to have everything I wanted -LRB- love the storage , child & parent trays -RRB- . Great price and friendly customer service . HOWEVER it has been recalled for the front wheel falling off ... and then the back wheel fell off during a 5K -LRB- thank God I was walking -RRB- I tripped and my baby almost hit the pavement . I returned it the next day . I will spend the extra $ 50 for a Joovy 360 which gets great reviews and will hopefully keep it 's wheels on !
 This stroller seems very nice at first , but it has flaws . I used it daily for 3 month . I am not doing anything crazy with it , but just today one of the wheels fell off . I was reading a review stating the same thing after I purchased and was hoping this was a one time thing , but it happened to me , too ! So be careful . Look around and you might just be better off purchasing a different stroller.It also wears off fast by the connection parts , where it folds . I was just waiting for this thing to break , tell you truth ... Nothing happened to my son , because I had a good grip on the stroller ...
 This stroller is just plain awful spend the money and get a decent stroller . Where to start ... well I have had this stroller for a year and the first issue is the lame straps they give you to hold the infant stroller . They are nearly impossible to get the car seat attached and it 's just such a pain , buy a click and go or a graco one that is compatible they are so much easier . Basically do n't plan to use this stroller with your infant car seat at all because it just does not work . Then it is very small you ca n't fit any child over 2-ish . The tray is just too cramped and it 's too narrow . The break is a joke the one I have I ca n't even get it to work at all even when I stomp on it it 's just cheaply made and does n't work . The stroller is also VERY unstable it will tip very easily ; even going over the smallest bump it 's very dangerous . The cup holders are too small and the key holder does n't open . The ONLY good thing about this stroller is it looks good . The functionally is severely lacking I would NOT AT ALL recommend buying this stroller .
 I spent hours over weeks looking for a stroller that I could use for jogging , but that did n't break the bank . I knew this was not a well known stroller , but by the specs it seemed it had everything I needed/wanted in a stroller . When I got it , It seemed OK ... however , I just could n't get past how big it was , and how cheaply made it seemed . Then , the first time I used it for more than just a walk into daycare , it started squaking SO loudly ... The storage on the bottom is pretty small , the parent tray is so close to the button to fold the stroller , that it 's basically useless . It had a couple of neat features , like the removeable child tray , and it does sit about vertical if wanted , but it is such a pain to get it all the way up . Pinches my finger every time , and you have to move the seat fabric . Overall ... I 'm definitely not happy , and will be returning it and paying the extra money fo a baby jogger or a BOB . Hope this helps .
 nice stroller , but very cheap made . If you are looking for a stroller that will last - this is n't the one . Very disappointed .
 I ordered this product and never received it . I also wrote the company asking why and never received a response . So I was ripped off for the price of the product . DO NOT BUY IT !!
 This was our third cast for the third child . Only 1 of 5 plaster rolls was proper in terms of the consistency it became after being soaked in water . The other four remained hard and crumbly , even after soaking individual pieces for 15 minutes -LRB- the good roll became right as soon as it hit the water -RRB- . We were unable to get a good cast out of this kit . We got one good layer with the good roll , and our attempt at a second layer resulted in a falling apart mess . SO Diapppointing !
 I 'm shocked at the favorable ratings for this product , even in spite of expressions that it was difficult to use . Like most people , we used this kit when I was very pregnant . It makes for a better casting . The trouble is that whatever you are casting with at this point needs to set up and dry quickly due to comfort constraints . 8 and 9 month pregnant women can not sit for hours waiting for something to dry . My husband and I have both worked with plaster before but this is poor quality . The strips are inconsistent and way too thin . It claims to dry in 30 mins . We waited an hour and it still was n't set up . When we took it off , it fell apart . So disappointing after all the effort.Spend a little more and save yourself the uber-mess and buy the Belly Vita Imprint kitBelly Vita Imprint Kit - Pregnancy Belly Cast Kit . So simple and comes with yummy oils to prevent the cloth from sticking to your skin instead of wrapping yourself in plastic wrap . It set up completely in 30 mins and made my belly imprint look like a greek goddess .
 funny thing . i never got this package . i am still waiting . i ordered it in july and it has not arrived yet . i would appreciate it if you could find it for me . people have told me that amazon.com is slow , so i 've been patient . still nothing.thank you.victoria garnett
 I am very disappointed with this purchase - The book came in two pieces with the cover ripped from the rest of the book
 I 'm not sure what Cooshee has done to this once wonderful product . We bought a black one -LRB- booster seat -RRB- a couple of years ago and LOVE it ! Now it 's time to buy one for the second kid -LRB- the first kid is still using hers -RRB- . When the new one arrived , I was speechless ! It was so toxic smelling that I wondered who could believe it was something for a child ?! It was obviously painted . Our old one is not -- it seems to have some other kind of coating . Even if the smell would not have been an issue , the paint job was splotchy and sloppy.Needless to say , we sent this new one back . I told the people we ordered it from to send me a black one if it did not smell bad . This second one is painted as well and does smell bad ; but they sent it to me anyway . I 'm in the process of returning it as well.Really , the smell is enough to make you lose your appetite , so how can you expect your child to eat while sitting in it ?!
 As other reviewers mentioned , the seat works fine but it ruined the finish on our new wood chair . We just bought this kitchen dining set too and I 'm so upset . I did n't see the warning on the bottom that says not to use it on fine wood furniture . I would n't call what we have fine furniture , just a basic kitchen table and chairs . I had considered using a liner under the seat when I first bought it , but figured that would make the seat slip around and my son would n't be able to get in and out by himself . If you have plastic chairs , this would be a great product . I 'm not sure how it would do on fabric .
 I do n't often write product reviews , but as a mom concerned about exposing my children to chemicals I had to share my experience with this booster . Like many of the other reviewers , I wanted to find a booster seat for my 4-year-old son that was -LRB- a -RRB- safe , -LRB- b -RRB- comfortable , and -LRB- c -RRB- would n't scratch the finish off my dining chair . I thought I had found a winner with this Cooshee Booster seat ... UNTIL , that is , we used it.Upon first opening the zippered bag the seat came in , I immediately noticed a strong chemical odor . It was enough to make my eyes water . I also noticed that the lettering from the plastic bag had transferred onto the seat -LRB- something a few other reviewers noted , too -RRB- . Because I really needed a booster seat for my son , and I did n't want to deal with sending it back , I decided I could live with the letter transfer . To reduce the smell , I put the seat outside on my porch for a day to air out . That helped a lot , so I placed the seat on my wooden dining chair , which is stained a dark brown.Things were going peachy -- my son loved the comfort of this chair and it 's easy to climb up into -- until I tried to remove the chair a few days later to take it with us to a restaurant . I really had to tug to get the seat off of my dining room chair . When it lifted up , I noticed that it had literally DISSOLVED THE STAIN off my dining chair all around the perimeter of the booster seat ! There is now a faded white `` impression '' of the booster on my dining chair . Now , I 'm not a chemist but I 'm pretty sure that it takes some pretty strong chemicals to dissolve stain or strip paint . It really makes me wonder if this booster is safe for my child 's skin to be coming into contact with on a 3x + daily basis.So , to summarize for busy parents considering this booster : PROS - Comfortable - Portable - Easy to climb up intoCONS - Strong chemical odor upon first opening - Strips paint/dissolves stain off of your chair ! Suggests that this booster MAY be toxic .
 I would n't buy these again . One was brand new in package but faded completely and shrunk after the first wash -LRB- using regular HE washing detergent in normal dryer temp -RRB- ... second was repackaged and what I would consider damaged/defective , flaw in the fabric making one side seem a different color than the other -LRB- obviously a defective customer return Amazon did not catch -RRB- , faded and shrunk the same as the first . Basically , crap .
 Poor quality ! I was almost fineshed putting the sheet on my son 's crib when I notice there ware a stain in the sheet.contact amazon and I 'm returning it right away .
 It is cheap material and is very poorly put together . One of our bumper covers ripped all the way across the top and the blanket ripped too . It has Tons of loose strings everywhere . Very cute but Not worth it ! I wish I had n't purchased this crib set .
 I tried this product instead of the more expensive options out there . I realized that comfort is worth the extra money . I tried it on for only a few minutes with my 28 pound son and my shoulders felt like they were going to fall off . Not enough shoulder support . I was so glad this happened in the first few moments and not after a hike . I immediately made plans to return this item -LRB- which is wonderfully easy with Amazon -RRB- . Everything seemed to fit fine other than that , I am 5 ' 5 '' tall , medium built woman in relatively good shape . Thank goodness for EBAY , I was able to get a used , better supporting pack for cheap . Maybe a lighter child would fare better in this pack .
 First day out of the box , The instruction -LRB- what there is of them -RRB- said `` just pull on the legs to stand it up , well they broke and one side locked in and the other side locked out . which made the stand up frame worthless.Also , for a 20lbs 11 month baby , the back was very unconfortable on the shoulders , I thought maybe it was me , so I had the wife try it , and she hated it more.We took it back
 After some preliminary research online I purchased one of these Smart Support backpacks for walking around town . After assembling it and putting my 6 month old in it some glaring issues became apparent . While light and simple , the Chicco is flimsy and the straps were simply badly designed . The straps for the baby clip in the base of the seat and so are hard to reach and adjust with the baby in it , and they are inadequate for keeping him from flopping around even when completely cinched . He was n't going to fall out , but he could shift his weight easily , which made the pack unstable while on , and if he fell asleep there was not much to keep him in place . Also , my frame is tall and thin and it was not the backpack straps did not tighten enough to create a comfortable and secure fit , so the pack sagged while he was in it . The next day I found a Kelty TC 2.0 at REI for less money that was infinitely better designed . The Kelty has a base that can stand on it 's own , it has actual backpack pockets that are roomy , and most importantly the straps for the baby and the wearer are well designed , well padded , easy to use , supportive and he can fall asleep comfortably - like he did today ! Skip the Chicco , it just is n't worth it .
 As soon as I got this carrier I started to love it , I bought it because I am leaving the country and where I am heading there will be a lot of hiking opportunities . I was really happy with my purchase . I decided that it would be good to try it before I leave and when I got it out of the box I realized the buckle for the strap that goes around the waist was broken . Not a big deal I thought ! . I contacted the seller and they said they would happily refund $ 4 for the inconvenience ... I regretted so much buying this cheap carrier . I wish I just went to the closest REI Store to get one so I did n't have to deal with such a poor customer service . I do n't know how they figure $ 4 would do me any good ...
 I tried out this carrier today . I never bothered to put my daughter in it . I could n't get the straps adjusted well enough to make me feel comfortable putting my daughter in it .
 We bought it from ToysRUs using a price match from Diapers.com for the same price as Amazon . Our 2 year-old son weighing under 30 lbs was happy and comfortable , but I ca n't say the same for us . Both my wife and I felt the same way
 I am 5 ' 5 , 200lbs , and have a long torso . This backpack was a good length for me and yes , it is lightweight . Unfortunately , behind the lumbar support is a big , fat , plastic bar that slips past the lumbar support and dug into my back and pelvis . It was really uncomfortable . I tried to adjust the lumbar pad several times but to no avail . I 'm also confused as to why the blue pack is more expensive than the red one.Needless to say , we will not be keeping this backpack .
 This backpack is a good concept . My daughter loves it and she appears very comfortable . It is not comfortable for me or my wife however . This is not a long distance / hike all day pack . she is 18 lbs and after 2 miles , I ca n't wait to get it off my back . The kickstand broke as well . It is a poor design . I contacted Chicco -LRB- which is not easy -RRB- and was told that it is not repairable and no parts are available . They offered to sell me another backpack , shipping not included . We decided to invest in a different product .
 We got this backpack as a gift because we love to hike . Unfortunatley neither my husband or I could ever get it adjusted correctly for comfort . My son never seemed very comfortable in it either . We are 5 ' 7 '' and 5 ' 10 '' with average builds , so I assumed it would fit us . In addion to that , the frame makes it bulky and hard to bring places . It takes up almost as much room as a stroller in my car . This would be fine if it were comfortable , but it 's just not . I was bummed because I would love to have a comfortable hiking pack , but this has been sitting in our garage taking up space . We took it hiking a few times and it kills our shoulders , the frame comes up really high around DS so he can barely see out and seems smooshed . I just purchased the Ergo and it is a million times more comfortable for a toddler . DS seems to love it , and I can wear it for much longer than this frame carrier . Plus it is cloth so it folds up small and can be brought along anywhere , even in the bottom of the stroller in case he wants to be held . I would pass on this product in favor of a better one or an Ergo for the same price .
 I am a good sized man -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' 200lbs -RRB- and I can carry a backpack filled with stuff on a hike without much trouble - but i did n't make it 10 minutes with this pack.My kid = 31 inches , 21 lbs.I tried adjusting chest strap , the waist strap , the back straps ; everything.I ca n't make it 10 minutes without my shoulders feeling like they are going to explode and my fingers going numb.Carrying just 21 lbs !! To make this useable , they need to :1 . GREATLY improve the waist-strap so the weight is actually carried there and the padding is enough to handle the load .2 . Tilt the kid slightly forward so they are n't leaning back away from you . Think about giving a piggy back with someone leaning against your back vs. away and you will get the picture of why this thing is unusable .10 minutes , max . It is going back today .
 I got this backpack as a gift . It is the most uncomfortable backpack . All of the weight goes on your shoulders . It does n't rest on your hips like it is suppose too . Worst backpack ever !
 I wish I could say good things about this backpack . The child part is very nice , the baby rides very comfortably . But the weight distribution for me to carry it is all wrong . If it was just me who had a problem with carrying it I 'd say its because I 'm short but my brother who is 6 foot also had a problem . With it 3 minutes of putting the pack on we both had shoulder pain . I readjusted the pack so the back support hit very low and the pain lessened but then if I did n't lean forward I felt like it was pulling me over backwards . 14 years ago I had a CHEAP one -LRB- about $ 25.00 -RRB- and never had these problems . I even used it once with this baby but the fabric that supported the baby ripped .
 Disappointed with this product . The chest strap is too high and both my husbands and my shoulders are killing us within minutes of carrying our baby in the pack . -LRB- I am 5 ' and he 's almost 6 ' -RRB- There is n't much padding on the waist straps either . I did like the rain shield and we used it some in winter just to keep the baby warm . I would n't recommend this pack , we 're buying a different one for longer hikes this summer .
 My daughter is 1 and outgrowing the Baby Bjorn -LRB- which she still loves -RRB- , so I wanted to get a backpack carrier to carry her without killing by back and shoulders . The Chicco backpack got mostly good reviews , and others seemed to say that it is comfortable , so I purchased it . I could not wear this for more than 15 minutes without my shoulders and back killing me ! My husband tried it too and had the same reaction . Those who think this is comfortable must have shoulders of steel ! I ca n't imagine going for a hike wearing this enormous contraption . Unfortunately we are returning this item , and will stick with the Bjorn for now .
 I liked that most reviews were positive . I tried it and after 10 minutes my back was killing me . Very poor ergonomic design . No matter how tightly I pulled the shoulder straps , the so called padded back would not come in contact with my shoulder blades . The entire weight was sitting on my sacral bone , actually cutting in , not very well padded at the bottom . I had to lean forward to try counterbalance the weight , which causes a lot of strain on the lower back . Too many straps , way too complicated . I am no wimp I can carry the Baby Bjorn with my 16 lbs daughter for 2 hours without any difficulty . I bought this so I can take her for longer hikes . This was a total failure . I returned it the next day . On the positive note , my daughter enjoyed the ride , she even fell asleep . I will try the kokopax next , it looks way simpler .
 I was very dissatisfied with this product . It is very flimsy and does n't stay on good -LRB- especially older tub faucets -RRB- .
 The gate was exactly what I wanted for our little 8 lb dog . However , when putting it together found that the side hardwear that pushes against wall did not match the hardwear that is shown in the picture . What I received were big plastic screws that had to be screwed in from inside the door . Therefore the gate door would not close . I do not know if this was just a one-time mistake at the warehouse or if all the gates are prepacked this way . I did send it back and would love to reorder it if I knew I would not get the same thing again . I was very disappointed . I would have given this a 5 star rating if there was not this problem . Maybe I will take a chance and reorder it again as it was so perfect .
 Could not get the gate to secure against door frame . The 4 pieces included with the gate that adjust the tension were not the same pieces as shown on the box and I could not attach them on the one side the door opens because the only way they could be attached was by keeping the door open which defeats the purpose of having a gate . Sending it back .
 If you look at the picture , I did n't get the bumpers . I got screws , but no bumpers ! I am not happy.Wont stay on the wall . Sending back .
 AFTER WAITING ALMOST 1 WEEK AND A HALF FOR 2 OF THESE GATES , NONE OF THEM CAME WITH THE KNOBS !!! WHAT A SHAME ! CALLED THE COMPANY AND THEY DO N'T EVEN HAVE ANY KNOBS IN STOCK TO SEND ME ! SHOULD HAVE JUST WENT TO PET STORE . ALL THIS TIME WAITING FOR NOTHING ! UNACCEPTABLE ! RETURNED AT COMPANIES EXPENSE ! NEVER AGAIN !!!
 Gate is a great height for small dogs and is easy for children to safely step over . Design could be greatly improved if the four rubber side feet were adjustable with a screw like many gates on the market . The rubber feet just slide in so as to not allow for the best and tightest fit to the walls . Good enough for a temporary solution . We used felt chair pads to make up the extra space between the side feet and the wall .
 I should have remembered the old adage you get what you pay for . I admittedly was looking for an inexpensive gate and this one seemed like a bargain.The bumpers are supposed to be adjustable but they do not actually screw into the unit . They just sit in the holes so they are NOT adjustable.I finally got the item to fit into my stairwell opening -LRB- the adjustable size claim is not 100 % accurate . Your space must be a size to fit one of the sets of predrilled holes the knobs fit into -RRB- and after opening and shutting the door twice to make sure it swung over the carpet , it SNAPPED RIGHT OFF ! Perhaps I merely received a defective one but I can assure you that I am taking it back to my local PetCo today.Save yourself the aggravation and spend a little more to get a better product.It did arrive very quickly and was in one piece .
 This product is just awful . It arrived cracked , which really was n't its biggest problem . The bumpers to hold the gate in place were totally inefficient , because the holes for the pumper screws were drilled too large . I returned it immediately .
 Too low that even my 10 week shih tzu was able to jump over it . The construction is good . This size is sturdier than the wider version .
 This product is the right size and the door in it is a great option . This is easy enough to step over but hard enough for our dogs that they have n't tried . The only problem with it is that it showed up broken from the box on the door support so I had to glue it back together which was going to be cheaper then paying for shipping back and then waiting for the new one while my puppy urinates all over the house .
 Do not buy . This Gate is awful ! Zero Stars ! It did not come as pictured . The pressure fit knobs shown in the photo are instead flat plastic -LRB- which is useless -RRB- and the ` nuts ' that would presumably keep the knobs in place are enormous . The problem ? Once assembled , the doggie door does not close and the gate does not pressure fit in doorway . Completely useless .
 My dog is a 6lbs daschund mix ... he jumped right over it ! If you have a dog that is a jumper ... do not waste your time and money purchasing this product .
 The gate was purchased to keep a small dog in a laundry room to prevent accidents while potty training the dog . Worked well for that purpose except the side knobs are not very well constructed as the screws seem to strip in all four places , not allowing for a tight fit int he doorway . So we added shims to hold the gate tight enough that the dog ca n't know it over . If you can deal with it wearing out very very fast and not working right for the fit , get it . The gate itself is ok , it 's the side knobs that do n't work properly
 Let me start by saying that we have an extremely stubborn miniature Dachsund . Within a couple of days of receiving the gate , Rusty had chewed through the wood , making the gate ineffective . We added a screen to it , which fixed that problem , but soon enough he had figured out how to jump over the gate . He 's a small dog , but the gate was n't quite tall enough to prevent him jumping over it . We raised it , but it still was short enough for him to maneuver over at the right angle.This gate might work well for a well behaved small dog , but is n't quite tall/durable enough for a stubborn dog like ours .
 THis gate sounds great , you can step over it and it installs easily . But the pressure is n't great and it often needs to be re-installed . You have to bend over to open pet door , not good if you have back problems . THe latch pinches your fingers -LRB- and your childs ' ! -RRB- Ouch . And the darn thing fell apart on me . This was a waste of money . Made in china quality !
 TERRIBLE - THEV GATES HAD TO BE SHIPPED TWICE AND THE QUALITY IS POOR - I WOULD N'T EVEN SELL THEM AT A FLEA market .
 This is a terrible gate my 4 month old yorkie can climb over it and the gate broke after just one month
 Gate weak and falls apart with minimal use . very weak construction . my dog loved it though ... he found he could get right through it
 Broken wooden pegs made the door on the gate fall off ! Tried wood glue and it would n't hold . So , i ordered a second gate ... same pieces broke ! They are bearly glued on in the first place . Only reason this gets one star is because the height and concept .
 how can i make use of the gate without all the supplies wish i had read some of the reviews before purchasing this gate other wise its would have worked out . upset now i have to send back double work for me not cool !
 I own three of these gates for my 3 and 5 pound Toy Fox Terriers . Previously exchanged one of them because it broke . Currently , two of the three here are broken . They are constructed of the cheapest possible pine . Bump one of the little doors and it breaks right off . My smallest dog has chewed her way through three of the slats . Looks like a beaver was at it . I would not recommend this product to anyone who has a dog that likes to chew . I 'm back to the metal baby gates .
 So far , this is the only unsatisfactory purchase I 've had from Amazon . This is the crappiest thing I 've bought here . It is beyond flimsy . The screws are too small to actually hold the gate in place and all the wood pieces are falling out of their respective holes . I might as well have thrown 30 bucks out the window . Seriously , this is junk . They had to try hard to produce something This bad .
 I purchased this item , but when I went to install it , the pieces shown in the instructions and in the pictures were not the same as the pieces included in the box . I tried to make them work , but it was impossible . I returned it thinking that it must have been a mistake , but the second gate I received had the same issue .
 I gate itself is great -LRB- good height , sturdy -RRB- , but it came with the wrong hardware making the gate completely unusable . I called the company and received absolutely no help . They acted as if they did n't understand how that could happen . THEN I read other reviews with the same complaint about the wrong hardware , so I know the company had to have been aware of the problem . I gave them the benefit of the doubt and asked Amazon to send a replacement . I just received the new gate today and , what do ya know , the exact same WRONG hardware . Will be returning for a refund .
 I read other reviews , so maybe I was just unlucky . This appeared to be just what I needed to keep one small dog out and allow our 2 cats in . When I opened it , parts fell off of the gate itself . When I tried to put them back on , they did n't fit well . This caused the gate to be uneven , and it would n't fit securely in the doorway on one side . I am disappointed , it was n't worth the cost of the item and shipping .
 This gate did not work ! I would adjust one side then I would do the other and the opposite side would loosen . Very frustrating
 The mechanics of this gate were fine but the quality of the wood needs some improvement . The wood is extremely soft which allowed my 10lb dachshund to pull it down and eventually eat through it . I had to make repairs and modifications in less than a week of use . I ended up having to replace it in a little over a month .
 I got this for my mini dachshund puppy and for my very narrow doorway . It looked awesome and worked good at first but I had to keep tightening the bolts and now it 's been tightened so much it wo n't stay up . The doorway is awesome and closes good but it did n't always close tight because its only a handle with a spring that you pull . Sometimes the hole didnt line up exactly and I 'd think it was closed but it was n't . The height was perfect until she learned to climb over it ! But when I got it , it was already broken and didnt feel like spending money to return it so I just used gorilla glue which worked but I had to keep re applying every week ... Overall I 'd say I liked the gate but wish it was better quality !
 I just wanted to take the time to tell you how incredibly frustrated and disappointed I am in the JJ Cole System Bag . I was so excited to use the bag with my daughter . The metro/sporty style and functionality of the bag attracted me to the product . I thought it would be perfect for my husband and I to both use . However , I was incredibly disappointed with the quality of the bag . After using it for just 2 weeks , the stiching along the main zipper on the bag was starting to show strain . This was along a non-stress bearing seam . It was clearly a defect due to poor craftsmanship . It seemed the fabric was too easily frayed and stretched . Within a couple days it completely detached and left a hole along the sipper , their was additional strain marks along the entire zipper . I figured it was just a one time bag defect , so I exchanged it for a new one . Unfortunately after 3 weeks my 2nd bag was showing the same wear and tore along the same zipper in two places . This is simply ridiculous and clearly a major flaw in bag design . I really could n't believe it after paying top dollar for the bag . I wanted to share with you my disappointment . I am telling all of my friends not to get the bag and to keep shopping around for a sporty functional diaper bag .
 I was very excitted with the bag , but after few weeks it was a hassle to have this big bag . The colors are great . But the big compartment is not so well designed , my husband always have a hard time in opeing it.The Ipod compartment seems to be on a odd location too
 I agree with everyone else who gave this 1 star . My son is almost 6 months old and I have rarely used this bag , yet , the bag is totally torn at the zipper of the main compartment . The smaller pockets do n't really hold anything so that is a complete waste . I can barely fit a receiving blanket , a change of clothes , diapers , travel wipes , a bottle and a nursing cover at the same time . If I do the bag is stretched to the limit . Which , is probably why the bag tore in the first place . I still have to bring a purse with me because there is just no way I could squeeze my wallet and necessary purse items into the bag along with the baby stuff . The changing pad is great , but you can buy those anywhere . I have emailed JJ Cole about the rip so we 'll see what they do -LRB- if anything -RRB- for me . But I 'm buying a new bag . Do n't waste your money .
 This bag is absoluteley horrid !!!! I bought it because it seamed like a nice bag but I was horribly wrong . The bag is expensive and barely holds anything . The zipers broke very easily and the company I bought it from will not replace the bag due to the fact that I no longer had the reciept . I didnt buy this off of amazon though so its not amazon that wont replace the bag its a different company . I will never buy JJ Cole products ever again and I will absolutely no recomend them to anyone .
 When I first bought this bag , I was happy with it . I liked the different compartments it had to put things in , the changing pad it comes with is really handy when you 're out and about , and I liked the fact that it was a messenger bag . I picked it because I liked the way it looked , and I thought the padding on the strap would be more comfortable than other diaper bags out there -LRB- although it did hurt my neck and back after carrying it for a while -RRB- . My problem with the bag is that it did n't take long before it started becoming frayed and eventually it got so worn , that the main compartment of the zipper broke and it was no longer usable . I do n't remember how long it took for it to break , but it was before I was ready to retire the diaper bag . I 'm in the market for a new diaper bag for my second baby , but I will definitely not be buying this one again .
 We bought this because of the great design and the non-baby bag look . Pockets , changing pad , stroller hangers all work well . Unfortunately the zipper does n't . We just had our second bag fail just like the first , and because it goes around the side they are instantly useless .
 We received this bag and the zipper brole in the fiurst week . Not very well made . Would n't buy again .
 J.J. Cole let me down with this one -- I loved the bag initially because of the thoughtful design - there is a pocket for nearly everything -LRB- especially keys which I tend to lose in the pit of every tote I 've ever owned -RRB- . Well , the bag ripped at the seams and fell apart in 2 and a half months of use ! I am quite disappointed in the shoddy quality from an otherwise respected brand . And one of the few bags that both my husband and I could both wear without it looking like a diaper bag .
 The title says it all really . It 's cute , but does n't hold much , especially considering how large it looks . I bought a big purse and keep a gallon sized freezer bag with diapers , etc in it . That is more convenient .
 For the first three months of use , I agreed with all of the other reviews . But I am now returning this bag . It has ripped in two places and I have resorted to using an oversized purse in the meanwhile . Needless to say , I 'm pretty ticked off . Parents have better things to do with their time than hunt down replacements for junk that does n't work the way it should .
 I could n't resist this diaper bag , because it looks so cool . But the free diaper bag they gave me at the hospital lasted me over 2 years , and this one did n't even last 4 months . I bought this diaper bag in September , and by the end of December , it is already starting to fall apart ! In at least 3 places , the fabric near the seams is fraying and unravelling . Do n't waste your money on this one ... it will probably fall apart before you even have a chance to pay it off !
 $ 24 + shipping cost for a rack that stores 12 jars of babyfood on precious countertop space for a few months of use when those same 12 jars would take up so much less space in a pantry ... hummmm , I think I would rather spend that money somewhere else .
 This cup leaked after one time in the dishwasher on the top rack . Costs alot for not being leak proof .
 After doing extensive research we purchased 4 of training cups for our infant . They were very highly rated on multiple web sites . He was having difficulty drinking and becoming frustrated . I tried the cup myself and got mostly air and very little liquid . I respositioned the insert multiple times with no improvement . Thinking it was that particular cup we opened the others and tried them . About 1/3 of the time they actually work . The rest of the time you/the baby sucks mostly air . We purchased Gerber brand and a no name brand to see if they were any better . Sadly enough they were . We have used Dr. Brown bottles for the past 14 months . They are great . The training cups are absolutely awful .
 This cup was ruined after using it only 2 times ! I 'm glad that I discovered that the sucky piece tore before he choked on it !!! These are very expensive cups , and I would not recommend them to anyone ! Big red caution flag on this item ! This thing should be on some kind of recall list !!
 This sippy cup , in theory , is good . However , if your child has any teeth - even one - they will quickly pierce the softy part that they suck on , releasing a flow of whatever liquid contents were contained down their shirt . At that point , the cup is garbage bound because there is no possible way to fix it . Dr. Browns does a good job with bottles , but has n't figured out the next step quite yet .
 I used the Dr. Brown 's bottles with my daughter who has a number of health issues , they were wonderful so I also had high expectations for the cup . I was sorely disappointed becuase they only last about a month before the spout has worn off from her constant drinking and the fact that she has teeth . She even choked on the rubber tip when it came off in her mouth . It is also absolutely not leak proof , it leaks anytime it is n't upright . I will not ever by this cup again .
 Upon receipt this item appeared to be well made . It was vibrantly colorful and likely appealing to an infant just `` itching '' to put the pieces in his/her mouth . BUT ... it was made in China ! I returned it for credit .
 i order this because my LO eat her hand often . i decided to give her this but she cried because its so hard . before i gave it to my LO i boiled them for 2 minutes . the mirror broke , the teether with rubber melt . i guess it was my fault . but i used to boil everything i bought before i gave my daughter .
 Not very entertaining for a 5 month old . Maybe she 'll start liking the rattles as she grows a lil older .
 After researching this porduct it is not considered safe and BPA free . Some but not all sassy toys are bpa-free . It doesnt make sense to buy BPA free bottles and not toys .
 These are cute , but we are not impressed with the quality . These are a baby toy , and as such are going to get dirty and need cleaning . I briefly submerged these in soapy water and all except the butterfly got water inside the `` tube '' portions . They have taken several days to dry out and that 's during the winter with low humidity . Mold and mildew are going to be a serious consideration . Also wondering what 's going to happen once she starts chewing on the toys -- is saliva going to work it 's way in , too ? Would be an ok product if they were sealed better .
 This purchase was a waste of money for my . My son has had these for 4 months now and has never paid any attention to any of these . They are made of very hard plastic and not good for teething accept for the squishy part of the butterfly .
 these bags were cheap , but not worth it at all ! they fall apart and you dont want that happening for what you use them for !
 Even though she was buckled in , my baby fell sideways after falling asleep in this swing . Her head was completely out of side of the cradle . Not only that , the automatic swinging motion was beating her head against the back bar as it kept swinging . She was screaming ! Thank goodness she could scream so I got to her right away . This swing should be recalled . I wo n't even put this thing on a garage sale . I would n't feel right about it .
 I received this swing as a baby gift in 2004 and used it for my daughter . She did not get much use from it then . I am now using it for my 6 month old and still do not use it too much . The swing is not appropriate for a newborn because the back of the seat does not recline enough which makes the baby 's head come forward . As the baby gets bigger she can sit in it confortably but not comfortable enough to nap in . The other day a very scary situation occurred when she pulled herself to a sitting position on one of the swings hanging fish . She then fell over to the side and got her head wedged between the two bars of the swing -LRB- The one bar with the fish in it -RRB- . If I was not in the room with her she would have fallen out of the swing ! My baby is on the smaller side and if she can get herself into a position such as this one I would hate to see what could happen to a larger baby .
 My son was small for his age for the first few months , but this swing was perfect for him . He would watch us do housework or sleep ... By the time he weighed 16lbs though , it would n't rock fast enough to keep him happy and he kept trying to crawl out .
 The slowest setting on this swing is still too fast . My son would n't sit in it without being scared until he was about 3 months old . About 2 months later he became curious about the fish in the blue water and went to look at them closer and his head went between the two bars . HIS HEAD WAS BASHED BETWEEN THE TWO BARS ! BAM BAM BAM !!! He 's too young to realize , ` hey , everytime I move my head 5 inches to the right or left , it gets bashed between these two things holding me up so I better not do that . ' I do n't understand why this thing is on the market . He did n't need to be hospitalized , but that does n't mean it 's safe . I stopped using it , but did n't throw it away . My mom came over to babysit , she did n't know , and the same thing happened again . DO NOT BUY THIS SWING !!! TELL YOUR FRIENDS NOT TO BUY THIS SWING ! AWEFUL , AWEFUL , TERRIBLE , SWING !!
 YOU CAN GET THIS SWING AT KOHLS FOR $ 50 !!!!! AND IF YOU USE CODES `` NOCHARGE '' AND `` EXTRA20 '' YOU GET 20 % OFF AND NO SHIPPING !!!!
 I was so excited to get this swing for my shower . I put it together with no problem , and thought it was so cute . My baby is not due for another month , but I wanted to check it out anyway ! When I turned it on , I first noticed that although there is a dial that indicates `` 8 speeds '' there is really only one speed . Also , it made a grinding noise like it was `` struggling '' to swing . Then , when I turned on the lights and music , I noticed that the orange light was very dim . I still thought it was cute , so I was n't too worried . When my husband came home , I turned it on to show him , and the orange light was completely burned out . I also noticed in another review that they had trouble with the orange light . I plan to return it and get something else .
 I received this as a shower gift and did n't have the reciept . The very first time I used it my daughter loved it !! But the next day it would n't work . I thought I forgot to turn something off and accidentally drained the batteries . So I was very concious the next 3 times I used it -LRB- after carefully reading the instructions -RRB- to turn it off . Yet everytime the batteries were dead . I could n't return since I did n't have the reciept . I called Fisher Price to explain the problem . The service representative informed me that I would have to ship some of the parts -LRB- at my cost -RRB- back to them and they would send me a new one . I really do n't think its fair that I have to pay for shipping to return a malfunctioning product . I already spent $ 65.00 -LRB- ok , not me but my family member did -RRB- to purchase it and it never worked properly . In the same phone call I also informed the service rep about another fisher price toy my daughter recieved that also broke . The sparkling symphony gym worked great for a few months but then the music started skipping and stuttering . I checked the batteries , it was n't that . I think there was a short in the electrical wiring . She explained that they no longer make that product and make something else instead so there was nothing they could do . So , nice waste of about $ 90.00 I told her there was something I could do , not buy any of there products anymore .
 I bought this swing after reading all the nice reviews on various websites . The first time I bought it , the product did not work . I had to return and get another one . My daughter barely used it since she did not like it that much . I then packed it away so I could use it for my next child . When I unpacked it after the birth of my second daughter , I found that the aquarium on the side had started leaking . The fluid is all oily and the whole swing is covered in that . Also , when I put in new batteries , it did not work.Overall , I have had a very bad experience with this swing !!
 Well We had the entire Ocean Aquarium set , big swing , this swing , bouncer , and crib thing . He liked the crib thing and the big swing . The only thing about this swing that was good was the fact that it folded up and you could throw it in the car and take it places . The thing I disliked was 1 . when he was a newborn he would always fall over cause the seat would n't recline enough . 2 . When he got maybe 15 pounds he would fall forward and the swing tipped over with him strapped in . So all together it was pretty much useless .
 I had this same baby swing a few years ago . I wanted a new one for my new grandchild . I was excited to find it on line . It was shipped to me without parts . I 'm still waiting !!!!! Not Happy
 The music and the light is too short . It stop after few minutes . The speed does n't work . Speed 1 to 8 is the same for all and it is too fast for infant .
 We own the big aquarium swing and can not stop singing its praises . It was given to us by our friends who love theirs , my hairdresser loved hers ... However , this one is nothing compared to it . There is no distinction in the speed control . It is one speed , period . The light show and music are not impressive and they give you a little yellow toy to attach to the fish but the fish on one side is not missing the interior to hang it from.The deciding factor was , however , that Josh falls asleep every time in the big one and screamed his lungs out in this one . Decision to return made .
 This swing is VERY quirky , we are on our second one ... it seems this swing will decide which speed it wants to go regardless of the speed control knob . It is very irritating to put your newborn in and have it set on 1 and then come back and your child is swinging at a disturbing rate of speed . Sometimes it will go horribly slow and you have to crank the dial up , then you put the knob in the same place again and it will go insanely fast . Overall I think this swing is ... sketchy . We still use it when it will go a decent speed and I 'm in the room ... but sometimes i still get annoyed and just shut the stupid thing off . I would totally take it back but we got it as a gift and keep it so nobody gets hurt feelings . Also the lights are so high up that younger babies under 2 months cant really look up and see them . So there isnt much to enjoy for them . The lights are okay and the music is too , and its nice to have a dial to control volume . The babies do n't seem to mind it . -LRB- I have twin boys 2.5 months old . -RRB-
 I bought this swing because it would n't take up too much room , but that was a mistake . This swing broke while my baby was in it . I screamed , then he cried . It was horrible . I do n't recommend this item at all . I bought a large sturdy swing instead .
 We are borrowing this swing from a friend and are not impressed . Her daughter only liked it from about age 4 months to 5 months , so they got little use from it . My son is 3 months and often screams the minute we put him in it . When he does sit in it he is only happy for a few minutes . I was surprised because he has always absolutely loved his full sized swing . Considering the limited time this swing can be used for I would skip it and buy the full sized swing . However , it does fold extremely compact for travel .
 I was so excited to get this swing for my newborn because I remembered how much I used my full size swing for my oldest daughter when she was a baby . I absolutely loved the music on this portable swing . I love how it looks and how portable and compact it is . The only thing - which is the main feature - is the swing speed . There are 8 speeds of which 1 - 5 barely move at all . I have to have it all the way to 8 to get a decent motion going and that is only if I help it . I am going to return it - so disappointing since I loved everything else about it .
 The first swing I received was defective and I did n't realize until it was basically all put together . Taking it apart was a MAJOR pain ! My husband had to unscrew things that had come already assembled to be able to take it apart . The 2nd one we got looked fine . After it was put together we noticed when it was at speed 8 it went slower then speed 7 . 8 is supposed to be the fastest and was more like 1 . Maybe I just got 2 bad ones of this swing , but either way , I 'm not getting a 3rd to find out !
 I bought this swing so I could use it at work when I took my baby in with me . It 's very portable and does n't take up too much space . It was great at first , and there were no worries about the baby folding over like in some swings . Our son ended up being too heavy after a couple of months and his bottom would drag on the carpet and he would end up stopping himself . While he started off as a tiny little guy , once he started putting on the weight we could no longer use it . I also would have liked if it reclined a little more , perhaps this would have prevented his bumm from dragging so much .
 This is an OK stroller , but it 's not all that great . There are others that are better for less money . There is no basket underneath to put your diaper bag or purse . The sun canopy is very small and not at all effective . There is no snack tray for either child or parent . For less money , get the Safety First Avila lightweight stroller . It has a roomy basket , useful sun shade , and 2 snack trays ... and it is just as lightweight as the Caddy , all for $ 10 less !
 I have had my stroller for about 3 months . I only use it occassionally . In the few times that I have used it , the stroller has collapsed with the baby in it at least 3 times . It happened two times this week alone . I am writing this to warn others . I will not be using this anymore . There are two locking bars on this stroller , but it is so flimsy that it pops up on it 's own . My baby is a year old , and weighs approximately 24 lbs . so I ca n't say it is because she is too heavy for this . Maybe it is a defect in my stroller , but I just thought people should know before a bad accident happens .
 I bought this at the Target store and because I liked the feature . I opened it and used it probably once or twice and I had a problem with the lapbelts -- it got stuck . I exchanged it for another . It had been great for a few months or until I had the same problem ... . Uggggghhhh ... awful ! I now have to lift my daughter up and down to get into the stroller -LRB- and out too -RRB- . I am so unhappy with this stroller . I will never buy chicco products ... I gave them two chances and that 's it for me ! By the way , I contacted their customer service online but no response .
 The product you purchase is not the item shown in the picture . The product is nice all the same . But I like to receive what I think I am getting .
 1 . It was not the same as the photo , but I was too lazy to contact Amazon about it .2 . Baby only likes it slightly .
 I was looking for something that my baby could hold and snuggle and I could attach my own paci of choice to , this seemed to be a great idea however the product itself is lacking . The pacifier attachment is difficult , you ca n't easily remove the paci to clean , I 'm actually afraid I 'd break the elastic if I tried it again . I also liked the idea of a silky side but it looks terrible . I washed it on gentle and let it air dry before giving it to my baby and all the silk starting unraveling then so I trimmed those threads . After my baby has grabbed at it for a day its all snagged . I give it two stars bc its a great idea but the materials used are so poor I doubt it will last more than a week more .
 It works fine ... nothing exceptional , but only comes with ONE so you have to buy two ; not such a great deal then .
 My sister had given us a nice Kolcraft umbrella stroller , and we soon stopped using our full-featured stroller because we liked this nice little umbrella one so much better . But , it 's a little short for me -LRB- I 'm 6 ' -RRB- , so I have to stoop over a little to use it , plus I hold the handles in a certain way that gives me a little more height.Recently we got a jogging stroller , and it 's higher handle is much more comfortable for me . But , it 's also much bigger than the umbrella stroller , and too big for some openings on one of our favorite walks.We thought about looking for a compact stroller with higher handles , but we 're already planning a 2nd child , and a stroller like that would be $ 100 - $ 150 . We 're not sure if we would still use a single stroller once we have two kids of stroller age . -LRB- Will we want a double stroller ? Or will the older child be satisfied standing on one of those stroller trailers ? We do n't know yet . -RRB- So , I went looking for handle extensions . We like the nice padded handles of our umbrella stroller , so I was glad to find this extension , Berkeley Baby Products ' `` Stroller Stretcher '' , that was also padded . -LRB- By the way , since it is n't pictured here , you can search the web on `` stroller stretcher '' to find the web site for the product , with pictures . -RRB- So how did it go ? When I first put it on , I put it on the right handle -LRB- as suggested in the directions -RRB- over the handle 's padding . It worked well enough with the stroller empty . But , with our 30 lb boy in the seat , it slipped easily , making it all but useless for pushing the stroller . Same problem even after tightening the extension all the way.I took the handle off , and was disappointed to see that it had split the nice padding on the handle , in two places . I munched the padding up on the handle and installed the extension on the bare painted metal of the handle . Again I tightened it all the way . Again it was fine when empty , but moved freely with our son in the seat , making it useless.I had some of those sticky padded rubber feet from a hardware store , so I tried sticking as many of them would fit on the handle , and tried again . I found to my surprise that , under that much pressure , the sticky adhesive seemed to act as a lubricant . It moved even more freely as before.I had also noticed by now that mounting it on the right-hand handle , as suggested in the directions , would n't be best even if I could get it to stop moving . Putting it on the left side would arrange the end in a more useful handle.As a last resort before returning the extension , I : -- Went to the hardware store , and bought the thickest sticky rubber feet they had . They were about 1/4 '' thick . -- I used Goo-Gone to remove the sticky adhesive -LRB- because it had acted as a lubricant in the last experiment -RRB- . Then , of course , washed them thoroughly to remove all traces of the slippery Goo-Gone . -- I put as many of them as would fit between the metal handle and the extension -LRB- two on top , two on bottom -RRB- , and tightened . I tightened it all the way , which really smashed down the rubber feet a lot.Finally , it stayed in place well enough to push the stroller forward , and to make small adjustments in direction to stay on a straight path.If I tried to make a typical turn with the extension , or if I tried to use the extension to lift the front wheels over a curb , it moved too much , so I still had to use the umbrella handles for that . But at least this way I could stand up straight most of the time.During the 95 % or so of a typical walk when I could use the extension comfortably , it was definately a big improvement , and I liked the nice padding . Minor steering adjustments -LRB- to stay on a straight path -RRB- were done differently than with umbrella handles , but easily learned and were becoming intuitive.Then -- after just a few walks , it started slipping again!We went to Babies ` R ' US to look for a taller compact stroller , but did n't see one we liked for a price we wanted to pay . An employee brought out a different kind of handle extentions , SafeFit `` Handle Helpers '' . I took them out of the box in the store and looked them over . They seemed worth a try . Nicely padded , too . I took them home and tried them , and they worked out great ! I could easily turn with them , and lift the stroller over a curb . They do n't feel like extensions ; they feel built-in . I went to took at the reviews of the SafeFit `` Handle Helpers '' on Amazon.com , and was surprised that it averaged only 2 stars . Not sure why it is n't working out for many others , but it worked great for us.I returned the Berkeley Baby Products ' `` Stroller Stretcher '' . I do n't recommend it .
 Britax got the little things right , and the big things really wrong with this one.Starting with the Pros :1 . Carseat -- it seems to be the only stroller compatible with the Britax Companion carseat .2 . Price -- it 's on closeout at a few websites-got mine for $ 69.00 / no shipping-so I wo n't feel bad replacing it as soon as baby outgrows the carseat , or if it gets trashed during travel .3 . Looks -- I find the upholstery attractive .4 . Handlebar -- The handlebar is height-adjustable , and I prefer its single-bar format , as I find it easier to steer with one hand than the two-handled type -LRB- e.g , Maclaren . -RRB- 5 . Storage -- the basket is as large and accessible as any I 've encountered , and it comes with a small zip-on bag with a shoulder strap , which I find just big enough to carry wallet , phone and changing supplies .6 . Brake-easy to engage/disengage with one foot .7 . Snack tray -- it comes with a detachable child snack tray with cupholder .8 . View window-a velcro-fastened flap allows one to peek at baby when the sun canopy is up.Cons :1 . FOLDING -- this is the dealbreaker for most . It is very difficult to fold , unless one has three hands . You need two hands to release the locks on either side , plus another to release the seatback , which must be held and folded all the way down .2 . Recline mechanism -- it frequently sticks , adding to the difficulty of folding the stroller .3 . Squeak -- ours developed a loud , high-pitched squeak -LRB- WD-40 did n't help -RRB- after 3 weeks of light use .4 . Size -- it does n't fold very compactly compared with other strollers in its class .5 . Brake location -- it 's easy to engage , but because of how it 's situated on the stroller , it tends to engage as I 'm putting it in the car trunk , making it impossible to just slide it in on its wheels . When folded in the trunk , it sits directly on the brake bar , so I 'm afraid the bar will bend eventually . -LRB- Has n't so far . -RRB- 6 . Sun canopy-I have this complaint with almost every stroller -- it 's only adequate if you 're walking away from the sun . Why ca n't stroller manufacturers get this one right ? -LRB- Peg Peregos appear a bit better , but I 've never used used one . -RRB- 7 . No parent tray/cupholder -- I do n't really care , but some people do.Bottom line
 We purchased this stroller with the Companion carseat as a travel system.The carseat 's only attachment to the stroller is where it clips onto the food tray , and in ours the food tray did not fully latch into the stroller arms - but we did n't know that . We put our 11-day old infant into her carseat -LRB- strapped in , thank the Lord -RRB- , put the carseat into the stroller and went for a walk in the park . Coming down a paved incline , the carseat , food tray AND MY DAUGHTER went tumbling , landing face down.I like many features of the stroller , but it should NEVER be used with the Companion carseat . BAD DESIGN - CARSEAT NEEDS ADDITIONAL SECURING TO THE STROLLER !
 This stroller is very difficult to fold , and I envy the parents who have the one-handed gravity fold strollers . With a baby in one hand , there is no way to fold the stroller . Even with two hands , it 's quite difficult . You have to jam it into the ground , which wears it out . Given that it 's not easy to take anywhere , it 's not worth owning . I would suggest you get a stroller that has an easy-fold option . This stroller can be bought for $ 65 on many websites and is discontinued . If you plan to keep the stroller in the garage and take it out from there -LRB- and never put it in the trunk or fold it -RRB- , I 'd say go for it . For $ 65 it 's fine until you have to transport it . It steers well , but the wheels will need oil to stock squeaking . I do think that the brake bar is too near my feet so it 's awkward to walk , however . This stroller has many glitches , and you could do much better .
 I bought this stroller for my 14 month old son for an upcoming trip to Disney World . Because of the Britax name , I thought this product would be great . When the stroller arrived , I put it together and then started to go over it 's functions . It was soo hard to take down and put up , It takes 2 hands to fold the stroller down , and even then it did n't go down all the way . Within minutes of having it out of the box , I was already taking it apart to return it . Do not bother with this stroller , it 's a pain !
 I 'm in the market for a lightweight stroller - and what a great deal this one appeared to be !! So much for me being smart and trying to be thrifty ... the stroller arrived last night , and between my husband and I -LRB- who are reasonably intelligent people -RRB- we could not figure out how to operate this thing!You literally need at least 3 hands to open and close this stroller , the reclining seat seemed like something completely out of the 50 's and honestly , my full-size Graco stroller is easier to use and a better quality piece.Here 's the real kicker ... it only cost $ 9.09 in shipping TO me for this item ... but lord only knows how much it is going to cost to ship it back ... etoys - the vendor did not provide a pre-paid return shipping label . So much for a great deal.Back to the drawing board ...
 I am one of those people who paid $ 150 for this stroller when it first came out . It 's no wonder why Britax is not manufacturing this stroller anymore!It 's a pain to open and close , it 's big and heavy , and the storage basket does n't stay in position which is annoying!It also squeaked when I used it on walks so I had to spray the heck out of the wheels with WD-40 to make it stop.It looked nice with the companion carseat but overall is just not what you would expect from Britax . Good thing I am not using the companion carseat anymore b/c I heard it can remove itself from the base in auto accidents . I now have the Decathlon which is descent.If you can get the forerunner stroller for like $ 50 bucks it may be worth it .
 this stroller is a TOTAL MESS i feel sorry for the people who paid 180.00 then shipping and tax they totaled over 200.00 ooh how mad i would be , any ways i paid 64.99 so i dont mind its MANY problems this thing needs 3 hands and a chest to fold it 2 hands to pull up 2 leavers your chest to push it down and 1 more hand to fold the back of the seat i gave it 1 star because i paid 64.99 for it so if you dont need to fold it and you can get it for 64.99 go for it as others said i wont feel bad to replace it when iam done with the matching car seat
 I bought the Stokke Trip Trapp chair and it was excellent , but the cushion does not work for the chair . For the back of the chair I ca n't install it .
 This blanket was simply a thin pashmina scarf with a satin border . I was expecting something a little more thick and blanket like . It 's also dry clean only so not practical at all for a baby . The color pistachio was really more like a aqua blue than a green . In the end I returned this product due to it not being practical or the color and thckness i was expecting . It is a nice product but not what I was looking for .
 Disappointed that the manual was mounted to the seat in a way that made it impossible to read . I had to cut it off just to read it , then where do I put it ?
 I have both the maya wrap and the moby wrap , and all i have to say is that the people who love the maya wrap are the ones who have not yet tried a moby wrap . the moby wrap is better hands down . it holds my baby MUCH more secure than the maya and i can hold her in many more position . the moby supports on both shoulders unlike the maya and i would recommend the moby without a doubt to people . so if you read this and you 're trying to decide between the two , GET THE MOBY !
 I 've used this wrap for five months now and the only thing that I like about it is the tail because I can nurse while carrying my baby with ease . I do n't like the fabric and when tightened it digs into my neck and my baby 's legs and hurts . It seems to be twisted 90 % of the time and I know that I 'm threading it correctly . I have to readjust it too often because the fabric is always sliding and loosening up the sling . I NEVER go hands free using this carrier . I do n't know what they 're talking about but this sling is n't that secure . Another thing about slings is they are only supported by one shoulder and your back so eventually the weight from any sized baby causes a lot of pain and discomfort . I am looking into the Moby or Sleepy Baby wraps because they 're softer , more secure and distribute weight evenly , but I 'm not sure if I want to be bothered with all that wrapping .
 I tried the Maya Wrap for about 1 month then returned it . I could n't stand it . Even after watching the instructional video I had trouble getting the wrap just right . It always twisted on me and was so uncomfortable . I would spend 5 minutes in the parking lot everytime I was going to use it and it drove me crazy ! I hate the Maya wrap and enjoyed using the simple Baby Bjorn much more .
 I just received this crib set today and I must say that I am really disappointed ! After paying $ 249 for a crib set -LRB- that did n't even come with a dust ruffle -RRB- I was really expecting alot more than I got . From other posters , it said it was soft ??? The COLORS may be soft , but the material is not . Hopefully with several washes that will change . The Pooh wall hanging is cute but I would rather have the dust ruffle . On a good note , it is one of the cutest looking Pooh sets out there and can be used for a boy or girl . The blanket is very thin , but we have several other plush pooh blankets to add that will help keep our son warm , as it gets cold here in New England in the winter .
 I washed these before using them . One came out great - it has continued to hold up . The second one the bottom stitching came completely undone in the wash and all the quilting came apart/out . I will NEVER buy these again - but it seems I 've had a bad experience .
 Jolly Jumper brand is the same product for half the price . Exchanged imediately when we realized this . You really are paying for the brand if you purchase this item .
 The potty this was designed for looks like it should work fine even though the liner does n't fit well it 's tiny - fits in a back pack or in the glove compartment or under a seat . And the price is right ... until you try to use it . My son cried , it hurt him . Urine went everywhere . He had a red mark on his bottom even though he was just on it for a couple of minutes . I should have just found a discreet bush . I bought the replacement potty mentioned in the title and found it to be perfect in every way . Do n't waste your money .
 I love the actual Potette Portable Potty I have one in red and my daughter absolutly loves it . It has been great on the go but , the Potty re-fills barely fit and the little pads in them do n't give off much sent . . For the price I would n't recoment them you pay $ 5 plus shipping for 10 and they are hard to find . I use generic plastic bags with sented pant libers I get 50 for less then the price of one re-fil . You do the math . Do n't think the the seats are bad because they are not they work great you just have to make the choice on the bags . . Try a regular plastic bag and see how it works . Good luck !
 IF YOU WANT THEM , DO N'T WASH THEM ! AFTER WASHING THEM FOR THE FIRST TIME , THEY BEGAN TO FALL APART . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE BLANKETS .
 I used this for my girl with severe eczema and it did n't work . Perhaps this is more suitable for a baby with just sensitve skin , not full blown eczema .
 I used this cream on myself when I had an eczema outbreak on my hands . Please do NOT use this on children/infants that can not verbalize . It BURNED horribly . I have tried numerous types of hand creams with the same results . MY RECOMMENDATION would be to use the Aveeno cream product for children . It WORKS and was pain free .
 I love mustela 's shampoo , face wipes , cleaning solution , and baby lotion , but this just does n't do it for us . It does n't help my little guys skin at all . I want to finish using it because it pretty expensive , but I am on the hunt for something moisturizing to help with his skin .
 The main ingredient in this is petroleum jelly which you can get for 99 cents at WalMart.Use Hydrocortisone 1 % and it works wonderfully well for eczema . It 's the only thing that helps me .
 I bought the Mustela Stelatopia cream , the wash , and the milky bath oil when my little girl was about 1 month old . They somewhat worked for a little while , but they do n't completely get rid of the red patches ... . They work , but they are more expensive and they do n't work as well as ... OK , here is what works for my child
 I am very ready to love it , I heard it is wonderful from exzema-prone skin . But it did not seem to work that well . My daughter kept complaining every time I put it on her , probably it stung her itchy skin a little . I do love the bath gell from this brand , it works great as soap for body/diaper area/shampoo .
 The cream is too oily , not easy to absorb . Thought it is fragrance free , it has a strong oily smell . And it does n't work for my baby 's eczema . I am thinking throw it away , but it is too expensive ...
 Not only did this product NOT WORK , it also DAMAGED my baby 's skin . She has dry and sensitive skin to where other commonly used baby bath washes made her skin dry and patchy . We bought it and used it . After the first use , she was still dry and patchy but I thought it would bring relief . After the second bath -LRB- we bath our baby ever two-three days -RRB- , this product left her skin so dry and damaged it appeared as though she was sunburnt . It was awful . We switched to Cetaphil cleanser and lotion/cream and she got better . However , it took almost two weeks for her skin to peel and recover . We still use cetaphil and it works wonders .
 Mustela Dermo Pediatrics was not good for my baby . I bought it cause it said it is for sensitive skin and to bad rashes , but , my baby 's skin just got worse , ironically desitin worked better . I still have tube there with all the product , if someone wants it . . it 's for free
 I guess they are okay for the price but these are incredibly rough sheets !
 This towel should not be called a towel it is just a small napkin and it is linen fabric not cotton can not be used as a towel on the baptism day . . It is so small and has a lace from one side only not as shown in the picture . . It is so expensive , I regretted buying it : -LRB- The baptism date is next week & I can do nothing about it . .
 I bought the co sleeper when I was still pregnant and was hoping it would help me through the long nights with a new baby . It didnt . I have to agree with the previous review about the mattress . It 's as thin and hard as a rock and my daughter wont sleep on it , no matter how tired she is . She 's more comfortable in her car seat ! It 's also very difficult to get the side rail down . My husband nearly broke it trying to lower it and it seemed like with the side rail down the mattress slanted towards the front , making it even more uncomfortable for my daughter.A waste of $ 165 in my opinion .
 I loved this item at face value - it looks good , the materials are good quality , it feels secure , and the premise of the functionality of the bed was what I wanted because I planned on breastfeeding my newborn and wanted her close by . I was proud of my purchase and showed it to many of my friends before the baby came . Well , the `` mattress '' that comes with it is so hard that my baby wo n't sleep in it . She wo n't nap in it , and when I put her down all she does is cry . I 've tried everything to get her to sleep in this thing because it would be so helpful if she would , but she wo n't sleep in it at all . I 've even tried making it softer by putting blankets down on the board of a mattress and covering this with a receiving blanket that I tuck in the sides -LRB- something I do n't want to do because of the SIDS factor -RRB- and that does n't even help - it 's still too hard of a surface . Now , my baby is sleeping in bed with me and I ca n't get any sleep because I 'm afraid of rolling over on her or her rolling off of the bed . If they 'd just make the mattress more comfortable for the baby , this would be a perfect product and I 'd rate it a 5 , but because it 's virtally useless to me and my baby due to the mattress/board , I have to rate it only 2 stars . I 'm so let down by this product .
 This was given to us as a present , but I would have never bought it for myself . Here are the problems
 I purchased this carseat for baby number 3 , but I would not recommend it . It actually seems smaller than most , my child is now 6 months old , and she has almost grown out of it . The most impractical thing , however , is that you can not use it on shopping carts . I actually wish I would have purchased a less expensive brand just for that reason . I have three children , and with this type , the only option I have with the carrier is to put the baby in the back of the shopping cart , leaving no room for groceries or supplies . Not practical at all , and it does n't fit normal travel strollers either . Would not recommend at all .
 This product received great reviews from people , but our experience has not been so bright.Installation
 Seat cover keeps falling off to the left . This caused the styrofoam to chip off . The company -LRB- Sunshine Kids -RRB- refuses to send another one even though it 's only been 3 months since purchase and I have a receipt . They keep saying it 's amazon 's responsibility . Amazon is only responsible for 30 days .
 I researched quite a bit before I chose this stroller . It got fairly good ratings so I bought it and the more and more I use it , I just hate it more and more . There are just so many things wrong with this stroller for being as expensive as it is ! 1 -RRB- The maneuverability is horrible ! It is so difficult to push and it hardly ever goes straight on its own . When my son wants me to hold him and I have to push this thing one handed , it 's impossible to go straight .2 -RRB- The cup holder is really useless . Mine actually fell off within the first month after it kept getting squished and bent everytime I would put the stroller in the car . But it really did n't hold anything larger than a bottle . If I had a medium sized drink or larger it would n't fit .3 -RRB- The basket size is okay , but it 's positioned so far down under the seat that it 's hard to access . Especially when my son would be sleeping in the fully reclined position , there 's no way to get to my stuff in the basket .4 -RRB- It 's not too difficult to fold , but just annoying . If for some reason , I did n't have two free hands , I would n't be able to fold it.I just recently took it with me on a 10 day trip and after 10 days -LRB- of non-stop use -RRB- of this stroller and 10 days of my in-laws ... I 've had enough !
 Do not buy this stroller ! I use it once a week and it broke before my son is just over 8 months old . It wo n't close . The wheels are hard to manage . AND most importantly the harness does not securely attach to the back of the stroller . It 's a flimsy piece a plastic the easily slides out .
 We purchased this stroller because of the weight -LRB- 10lbs -RRB- ease of lifting it/out of the car . Two weeks after purchasing the stroller we noticed that the stitching on the sun shade was already coming apart . The shade is barely big enough to shield anything , let alone provide protection for the child . We received a replacement cover , but was advised that this would be a one time replacement . The tiny cup holder that was not big enough to hold a bottle has already broken off . Our 8 mo. old is 17 lbs . and the stroller is very difficult to maneuver . For straight paths , great . If you have to take a turn or change direction quickly , do NOT plan on having the stroller transition with your directional shift . The front wheels get stuck and you have to kick them back forward or the stroller will not steer correctly when you are going straight . Having had a Pliko previously for my 4 yr old , we thought we could trust the name of Peg Perego . Unless you are seeking a light weight stroller that does not maneuver well , we woud not recommend this stroller to anyone .
 Somehow we ended up with no less than three strollers
 My thoughts on the matter :1 . One-handed opening is a beautiful thing , but this stroller requires both hands -- there is a release clip on both sides of the stroller that have to be opened at the same time , you ca n't just unsnap one and then the other , or the first one will lock back into place .2 . The visor on this item is n't practical ; you will need to purchase a separate universal-fit one , which are n't very expensive , but it 's just one more thing to remember to grab . -LRB- The classic Graco carseats and strollers have a mobile visor which I looooooove . -RRB- 3 . The cup holder fell off five times before I threw it away 24 hours later . I was leery that the rest of the stroller might be as flimsy as that one piece , but nothing else has fallen apart on it as of yet .4 . The storage area is very petite and is n't particularly useful -- I ended up forsaking the it entirely and resorted to hanging my bag over the stroller bar .5 . This stroller does not recline totally flat , which would be a helpful feature if you are on-the-go and need to change the baby 's diaper.I 'd say the best characteristic of this stroller is that it is lightweight , but I 've found that I would rather have a heavier stroller that had the aforementioned conveniences . -LRB- By the way , a double-folding stroller is a good bonus feature to look , especially if you drive an economy car . -RRB-
 I expected to get something with a lot more quality when purchasing the peg aria stroller . I love my full size peg . I am very disappointed in this stroller however . It pushes fine as long as no one is in it . Add a little bit of weight and it is very hard to steer . It seems as if the frame is wobbling when you push it . There is no way it goes up to 45 pounds . My son is 20 and it is time for something different.The sun shade does not block the sun and is in an odd place . Always seems to be in the way.It is very hard to close . I am one that likes a nice one-handed closing , this requires 2 hands . As long as 2 hands are free it is a snap . It is when you only have one hand available.It looks great . I love the way it looks . Very fashionable.I love the basket underneath -LRB- most of the time -RRB- it does come undone quite easily . It slips back on easily , but not before you notice your stuff dragging down the street.I too , find the harness a pain , but it is like all peg harnesses . So you deal with it . It is 5 point , but it is all at the crotch . Nothing across the chest to keep the child in the straps.It is very light and folds nice and flat , but maybe its `` lightweightness '' is what makes it so flimsy .
 I purchased this stroller about 6 months ago & did n't really like it from day one ! I love the over all look of the stoller , the snack tray is perfect , the under basket is pefect ... but I ca n't steer the darn thing ! It pulls hard to the side & for such a light weight stroller you 'd think it would be easier to manover . I sent a e-mail to peg prego & the we 're very helpful , told me to send it to them or to bring it to one of their local repair shops , but I think it 's more of a design issue then it is a defect . I 've read other reviews & spoke with other owners & they say the same thing . I 'm disappointed because I love the look , but for now , I 'm going back to using my VERY heavy Grecco stroller until I can find a better light weight stroller . It really is too bad , because I do love the way the Aria looks and it 's accessories .
 My wife hates this stroller . I 'm not a fan either . First the good news . This is one light stroller . I did n't realize how light until I had to use someone elses . This thing is half the weight of a normal stroller and folded up it 's much smaller too -LRB- think trunk space ! -RRB- Now the bad . As others have said it does not want to go straight . You can not push this with one hand . Mine pulls to the left always . 2nd , the cup holder for the kid pops out all the time . It 's also very shallow so it 's only good for a short sippy cup . Anything tall , including a bottle , will fall out when you hit a bump . The sunshade is tiny and basically does nothing . The basket on the bottom always comes undone and then it starts dragging on the ground . The straps are complicated and get tangled all the time . It can only be folded with 2 hands , no one handed folding.So , pass pass pass on this stroller ! We 're going to buy a new one to replace it .
 I got this stroller because it 's not heavy and when I went to the store to test it out - the steering was fantastic -LRB- I had a bulky graco stroller before this purchase -RRB- ! Well , what a wrong choice I made in purchasing the Aria ! In a matter of weeks the steering was horrendous !!!! All I did was take it out a few times for a stroll and take it shopping . Another reviewer complained about the steering too ! Well , that 's exactly what happened to me . I also agree with the reviewers statement about the shoulder straps being secured by a flimsy clip and the cup holder problem . My 10 month old keeps kicking it off ! I actually had the wheels replaced and it was smooth sailing / perfect steering for about a week !! Now the wheels wo n't stop making this annoying clicking sound . At first I told myself it was no big deal and that I could just ignore the sound . Yeah , right ! At this point I really want to break it myself just to put it out of its misery ! My opinion - do n't even think about wasting your money on this .
 Although this stroller is light , it is very hard to steer . It seems to stick when you try to turn it . It is nearly impossible to steer with one hand . The adult cup holder is weak and flops over when it 's holding a cup -LRB- therefore it is useless ! -RRB-
 I was probably out of my mind when i decided to buy this product for my 18 mo old child . Even $ 12.99 's strollers made better than this piece of `` cheap '' plastic covered by `` expensive italian '' fabric .1 . Absolutely NO maneurability and NO Steering2 . Sunshade is SO small and uncomfortable - my son was always exposed to sun and rain .3 . Basket underneath is NOT durable - once you put there gallon of milk it will scratch the asphalt forever .4 . Aluminium parts are NOT durable too .5 . System of Restrain belts are totally unuseful - my toddler came out from this stroller for 3 seconds so when you stop at the Dunkin Donuts window to buy a coffee you should keep un eye on you child otherwise you will look for him everywhere in the street.So i wish i knew all of these before i put in trash $ 199 . This stroller does n't worth this money at all .
 We used this stroller four times and it broke -LRB- the connection for the car seat -RRB- . It was fixable , but my fear is I will be travelling and have the stroller break again at which point I will have a lot of unusable plastic to carry around while trying to get home . Some of the cosmetic features have also fallen off.We have had no luck with the business where we purchased it or the manufacturer . I have no faith in this product and would not recommend it to anyone .
 I wish I could give this stroller 0 stars because it does n't even deserve the one I gave it . It 's a light stroller . . there ... the only plus . Where do I start ... how about how after using it for one week the wheel fell off and they wanted to charge me shipping to replace it because I did n't have a reciept -LRB- it was shower gift -RRB- After arguing with their lack - luster service team and proving with a birth ceritficate that my daughter was only a week old and that is as long as I had been using it , they shipped a new wheel free of charge ... Fast forward to our vacation in Hawaii . The sun shade is non existent and I had to use a light blanket draped over the hood to protect my baby from the sun . The steering stinks , I have spilled drinks all over me and my baby because the cup holder moves AND does n't hold anything but a small water bottle . The basket is hard to get to and holds nothing easily because it is so awkward . My husband and I went on a hike and came to the end of the path that was n't paved . He asked me , `` Are you worried about leaving the stroller so we can continue on the sand ? '' I replied `` PLEASE ... I hope someone takes this piece of @ 8 !! 8 # !!! '' End of story ... I would n't invest in the Pliko P3 either . Do n't get me started in the Peg Perego car seat either ... JUNK !!!
 We bought this stroller per the recommendation of a friend of ours . We have the sable color , which I see is not sold this year ... but I digress . We have been using this stroller for eight months with our eight month old and are absolutely fed up with it.My biggest complaint is the steering . The front wheels slide sideways over any smooth surface and if we 're not on a smooth surface , it feels like I am pushing the stroller into a brick wall because they do n't rotate to allow me to push the stroller forwards . I am always backing up and turning in order to get the front wheels to align so I can get where I want to go . Shopping is a joke with this stroller because I can not get it to navigate the aisles easily.The shoulder straps are attached to the back of the stroller with a little plastic tab which , really , does n't seem like the best way to keep a child 's shoulders restrained . It ends up coming out from the tab holder and my son is virtually only wearing a lap belt . This is fine now that he is able to handle a 3 point instead of a 5 point harness but when he was younger , this got on my nerves.The adult cup holder is a joke , so we took it off and my son figured out how to take the kid 's cupholder out so it does n't stay in any longer as well.Oh , and the thing folding down so that the handlebar catches the sunshade complaint is spot on . SO FRUSTRATING ! Not a big deal , really , but poor design because the sunshade prevents the handlebar from locking the folded up stroller in the folded up position most of the time.I just remembered also , that the sides of the padding in the seat area , when I used this stroller with our Graco Snugride car seat , would bunch up and prevent the car seat from sitting securely . I would have to prop the edges of the padding in the seat area underneath the arm-rests of the seat area -LRB- the parts that say Aria -RRB- before I put the car seat into the stroller seat area so that it would sit deep enough to latch onto the cup area and allow the security strap to go over the carseat snugly.If Peg Perego could fix the steering , I think I would be able to live with the rest of my complaints but the steering factor is enough for me to trash the whole 9 pound thing now that I found another stroller that steers so much easier with my 22 pound 8 month old son .
 I purchased this stroller last year for my son who was 18 months at the time . I was looking for a quality light weight stroller -LRB- that is about the only positive thing I have to say about the stroller , it 's very lightweight -RRB- . The stroller -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is made very cheaply . For what I paid I expected alot more . Peg Perego makes a very high quality stroller , they just missed their mark with this one.CONS OF THE STROLLER : - the stroller seems very unsteady to me , it 's suppose to hold a child up to 45lbs.-very hard to push , you have to put alot of effort to steer the stroller.-the seat is hard to recline . The stroller has a string that you pull to get it to lay back.-the cup holder does n't hold anything . And when you can find a drink that fits in it , the holder tilts because of the weight . I had a couple of drinks spill.-the sunshade does not protect from the sun . . And when you have a toddler in it , they like to just pull the shade and it loses it 's shape.-the basket underneath holds very little , and when the seat is reclined , you can not access the basket.-the 5-pt harness is a joke , my son had no trouble getting out of it . And standing up-opening and closing the stroller takes a little getting used to , and it 's not very easy when your hands are full-there is virtually no padding in the stroller . My son seemed very uncomfortable . Definately not for small infants.PROS : - very light weight-the child 's tray is nice , though the little cup holder pops out easily.To sum everything up . Please do n't make the same COSTLY mistake I did . For the same price you can get a MACLAREN , which I ended up purchasing , and I LOVE . Hope this helps someone !!
 If only this stroller were all it seems to be ! I ordered it and I 'm returning it . We have three steps -LRB- the simple kind - no lip -RRB- in front of our building and the brakes drag on the step and can lock when I pull the stroller up the steps.As for ease of pushing - if you 're in a mall , it 's great - but outside the thing pulls hard to the right , so I 'm fighting the thing as I walk up the sidewalk . Especially if there 's a little wind . This is not really a one-handed push . I currently have the Graco Citilite , which unfortunately Graco discontinued -LRB- and Graco no longer makes a stroller that 's under 15 lbs -RRB- , and the Citilite is a true one-handed push - I can walk in the wind and rain holding an umbrella and push the stroller with one hand , no problem.I have n't even tried to fold the Aria , though it 's definitely not a one-handed fold.The Graco Citilite , while not perfect , is basically what the clunky Aria should be - light , one hand fold , one-hand push , big basket . I was looking for a replacement because I find it a smidgen too short , the seat is too reclined to be really comfortable for child , and there bumper bar is n't removable , so I have to lift my child in and out of the stroller -LRB- she ca n't climb in herself -RRB- . I 've looked at a zillion strollers and there 's just no replacement for the Citilite , so I 'm going to wait and hope that Graco or someone else to produce something decent .
 I got this stroller about 1 and 1/2 years ago . After only 6 months I havd to send it back for repairs . They replaced the frame and sent it back . I am dealing with the same problems again . It is very hard to push , and you can hardly turn this stroller with out using all of your body weight to do it.This stroller will be going in the trash and I will buy another GRACO . DONT WAST YOUR MONEY IT IS NOT WORTH THE $ 200 .
 It 's not worth it for paying for $ 199 for this stroller . So save money for soemthing else ! 1 -RRB- It 's very hard to stire -LRB- drive/move around -RRB- the stroller only after using 3 months . Wheels keep going to one direction and you have to constantly apply the force to redirect the stroller . It 's very tireing . Everyone who ended up pushing olur stroller `` noticed ! '' about it . Something that cost you almost $ 200 should not have such a problem . Easy to move around is Must HAVE quality for the stroller.FYI , I did n't abuse the stroller , by taking to mountain or trail walk , this start happening after the normal usage of shopping and light neighbor walk .2 -RRB- The cup holder on the handel keep pupping off ! Unbeliable cheapo quality ! I could n't believe it ! 3 -RRB- Harnest is keep crambling off from the back seat area , because there is only one hock to keep the harnest . The hock is short and does n't lock , so everytime , you take harnest off from kid , it easily come off the hock . It does n't stay in the position . It was so annying to set it back everytime before you put kids back on the seat ... so now , i gave up and my kids just sit on them . I wish they designed in a way the shoulder straps come out from the back of the seat pad and stable position.BUT IFyou do n't care about money , and above low qualities , it 's great one to have for the reason for a light weight and big and easy to use storage after all .
 I 'd read the negative reviews , too . But in the end I was swayed by the name and the style -LRB- and probably the price - surely something so expensive MUST be good , right ? -RRB- WRONG !! If you think the sunshade is n't such a big deal , IT IS - I spend at least a few minutes on every walk trying to rig up something w / blankets to get the sun out of my boy 's face and then he ca n't see anything as we walk . The 5 point harness is n't permanantly attached at the back ; it 's just held in with a flimsy piece of fabric and comes loose constantly -LRB- am I missing something here - what is the point of this design ??? -RRB- With a squirmy kid , one can easily imagine the child tipping forward . As mentioned , you can neither fold nor steer with one hand and , yes , in case the message has n't been adequately driven home , the cup holders are terrible and the basket is n't easily accessible . So what if it 's light ... it does n't work and it 's garbage for the high price - shame on them . I just resold it for $ 65 and I feel guilty having charged that much !
 We bought Peg Perego Aria stroller less than a year ago for $ 199 because of its lightweight and because the sales rep said it is as good as Maclaren but lighter . Well , out stroller broke 1 month ago , and our neighbor 's who has a Maclaren and 2 kids -LRB- 3 and 1 -RRB- is still using hers without any issues . Let me list the things I really do n't like
 I bought this stroller from my daughter , thinking we could transition into it around 6 months . She hated it . The stroller lacked back support and she would slide down in the seat . She would cry within five minutes of riding in the stroller . After several months of use , the wheel fell off . Also , the stroller is hard to stear . You need both arms on the stroller to push . If you try to guide it with one hand then it goes in another direction . Even now that she is 16 months old and able to support her own body , she prefers other strollers . I bought a cheap stroller from Wal-Mart and have been ten times more satisfied . This stroller was recommended by my brother who has twins and uses the Aria tandam , which I assume is better . I would not recommend it to another consumer .
 I bought this stroller last year when it went on sale at a local story . Luckily it was a floor model so it was even further discounted . I bought it because it was lightweight , had a front tray , adult drink holder and was in a very stylish orange color . I was looking for a stroller with all the features of my full size Gracco but light weight and smaller to put in my trunk . Well , after a couple weeks , I changed back to my umbrella stroller and use my Graco for longer trips . Here are the negatives I experienced with the Peg Prego Aria : - Poor steering . Can not handle quick turns . - Sun shade only works for direct overhead sun . - 5 point harness is poorly designed . The plastic hook is always coming undone and gets tangled . - My drink holder broke . - Overpriced for features and quality.My positives are : - Nice looking - Easy to fold - LightweightI keep this stroller in our attic now as an extra stroller for when we have company . Thankfully it folds up small and does not take up too much room ! I would not buy a Peg Prego again .
 When we first received this stroller , we loved it ! It handled well -- very smooth , easy turns , could be directed with one hand . My one complaint was that the handle was too short for someone with longer legs . But as we started using it more and more , we found it was not very `` user-friendly . '' For one , the way it opened was not intuitive . We had to push it out and forward while pulling up on levers on each side of the handle bar . Forget trying to do this while holding a baby . Also , the canopy was too small and does n't meet the baby carrier canopy when used as a travel system . As a result , to keep the sun off baby , we needed an extra blanket . These were minor inconveniences , but the real trouble started when my son outgrew the baby carrier and began riding in the stroller solo . We quickly realized how stupidly designed the harness straps were . They simply slid into a clip on the back support , so my active son could easily move forward and unclip the straps . He was still held in the harness , but he was able to move about a little too freely and could easily lean over or forward to grab the wheels . Too , after about a year and a half of daily use , the handling deteriorated . The wheels stick when climbing hills and when turning and I constantly have to backtrack to get them realigned .
 I have this stroller for over 5 months now and I am regretting the day I chose this . It does not perform up to expectation . I thought peg was supposed to be quality but really it 's not . After about 3 months of trying to get the hang of snapping my horrible peg infant car seat into the stroller , the cupholder kept coming off , the aria sticker on both sides came off , and the steering is terrible . The wheels never wants to go straight . I always have to push with both hands . Everyone who helped me pushed this stroller has had a bad experience with it . The only good thing about this stroller is the way it looks . My friend has the pliko and she 's very happy with it . I recommend spending an extra 100 bucks if you want the looks and not the headache .
 I bought this a few years ago because I wanted a lightweight stroller to travel with my then 21/2 year old son and it seemed the perfect solution . The reclining is great and the basket holds a lot . Yet , there are some very IMPORTANT DESIGN ERRORS.Right after I got it we noticed that turning it was very difficult , and driving it with one hand , impossible . It makes you bump into everyone and always makes for clumsy driving , no matter what you do . We took it to the warranty site and they said they replaced the front wheels . It is still the same !!! I now have a 1 year old girl who inherited this difficult stroller . -LRB- only because we spent so much on it that we feel terrible buying another one but we will now because I ca n't stand it any longer -RRB- . With my little girl using it since 3 months old , I got to understand how this stroller has some good ratings . It was like a different stroller . UNITIL SHE GOT TO A CERTAIN WEIGHT -LRB- not the limit , trust me , she is still 20lbs -RRB- . It is not that it gets to be difficult to drive from the amount of use . It is that , when the baby is up to about 7 to 8 mo old , driving it is wonderful . BUT , WHEN THE BABY GAINS SOME WEIGHT , IT BECOMES IMPOSSIBLE TO TURN.So to all who are happy with it . Just wait !!!! And to those who have n't bought it , try another one !!!!
 The only reason I do n't totally hate this stroller is because it 's lightweight and folds flat . It does n't hold much at all , even my medium sized purse I have to bend over and shove a bit . The straps that adjust the seat broke -LRB- it slid all the way down and I have to unscrew it and modify it myself -RRB- after a couple months . It takes two hands to open it and to adjust the seat . The cupholder is a JOKE ... it would barely fit a dixie cup . No coffee cup will fit in it , plus mine kept popping off in the trunk . The shoulder straps slide off all the time ! I dont even use them anymore , just the waist straps . The : aria '' decal fell off -LRB- not that I really care -RRB- It does n't drive great ... and so on . For the money , it was n't worth it . I 'd say buy the cheaper compact version .
 We used this stroller 3x on even terrain . During a recent trip through a city park , the rear wheels separated -LRB- they come preassembled 2x2 -RRB- . The rest of the assembly remained locked on to the frame , but we were without wheels on the rear right side . Fortunately , I was walking next to the stroller to catch it as it toppled over . Do not buy this stroller . Customer service was not helpful . It is dangerous and a head injury in the making !
 I bought this for my son . After one time use at a Maui beach , it 's broken ... I certainly wo n't recommend this to others .
 I love the color and the cloth fabric . I bought this stroller for my daughter . I love the toy on it as well . However it is too heavy and it is way too LOW . I am 5 foot 8 inches and the handle bar does not come up enough . I have to walk humped over . I would have never bought this if I knew this . Since the handle bar is so short I can not take long strides either . You stay too close to the stroller . I hate this .
 After reading all the reviews I decided to go ahead with this purchase anyway . Other reviewers warned that this would take your door right off the hinges if it was pushed too hard , but I figures , how hard can my 14th month old really push anyway ? He loved to close doors and I thought these would be perfect to keep him from getting stuck in a room or losing a finger in the door . It certainly stopped my toddler from closing the door , which was great . However after only 3 uses my door started separating from the wall at the top hinge and now I do n't need the door stopper at all , the door wo n't even close now . Hopefully we can repair/replace the hinge without too much trouble , but dont bother wiht this product . Try the Safety 1st no drill door stopper , works awesome , and I 've had one in place for 6 months and absolutley no problems with that door whatsoever .
 We use these ever so often . Most of the time they fall off . We have normal sized doors and all so I do n't know why they end up on the floor . I would recommend looking into other door guards . My daughter can still push the door to the point where the door meets the frame ... so she could still potentially get her fingers caught in between the door .
 Let me say first , that if you have industrial steel doors or a very , very sturdy frame , then this is the finger guard for you . But I have to second the emotion of the poster who says that it takes that door right off the upper hinges . All it takes is a few times and BOOM ! You have a bigger safety issue than smashed finger-you have dangly door . Totally not the fault of the product-it works . It 's easy . Pops on and off . If I had a loft or newer doors maybe ? But I wish I 'd * really * listened to the other reviewer . If you have an older home , you might try blocking the doors open during prime baby time instead .
 Super easy , yes . But , when your 11-month-old decides that he really wants that door shut , that door is going to shut , and take off the upper hinges as well . Granted , the hinges are 60 years old , but still . So , a new upper hinge later , the door works.And now we have two new teethers . Perfectly sized for little hands , I might add . The notches work well as a grip . So , for $ 5 , we have a great new teething toy instead of a finger guard . Oh well .
 I bought these because some of the reviews said that they do n't pull the hinges off the wall . I was living in a brand new condo with heavy doors . Within two days , the doors would not shut right because they were being pulled from the door frame . Would not recommend , sorry .
 Do n't waste your money . The quality is poor and the shade will only work with old light bulbs . Very disappointing .
 My 2-month-old baby loved it , while it lasted , which was around 5 weeks . Then it stopped turning . Now is a bulky low-light lamp with so-so music . Do n't buy it .
 I got this mobile at my shower . It worked for about 2 months and then the top started lifting up and making a clicking noise that woke my babies up . I had to replace the 4 D batteries at least once a week . The fish move so slow that it was ridiculous . Do n't waste your money on this mobile !
 Fisher-Price Ocean Wonders Mobile with Remote ControlThe handle does not adjust on the crib attachment . Our crib rail is not that wide but ssurprisingly it does n't fit on our crib . We were so dissapointed . I ca n't belive fisher-price did n't have an adjustable crib mount .
 I bought this for my son to use in his crib . First , the bottom `` fish '' I was under the impression it lit up , or if the child hit it , it might turn on the mobile . NOPE ! Second , after having this only a week or so , I have gone thru 12 D batteries ! And , to top it off , the music and lights only stay on for about 5 min or so . Not enough to keep a 5 month old occupied long enough to fall asleep . I took it back and will NOT be purchasing another one !! So sad because I LOVE Fisher Price toys ! Oh , and the remote , you have to position the remote JUST perfectly to get it to work . Not worth the money I paid !!
 I called them to see if they make another bracket that would fit the newer style cribs , and was basically told `` tough luck '' . glad I wasted $ 40 on this thing . make sure you have tiny top rails , or this thing wont fit your crib either !!
 My 3-month old son loved his current mobile , but it was wind up and I had to keep getting up to rewind it . I bought this mobile because it was battery operated . Now it lasts much longer but WHO CARES !! The mobile moves so slowly that my son and I were both bored with it after a few seconds !! Also the lights are too weak to hold their attention . I returned this item and gave my son back his favorite wind-up . Save your money . This is a snooze .
 My baby loved this mobile , but after 3 months it quit working I replaced all of the batteries and it still would n't work . I exchanged it for another one b/c my daughter loved it and after 2 months it quit working . This time I tried a different kind of batteries and it still did n't work . I finally returned it and got my money back . Great idea awful product .
 I was so excited to find this mobile . We have the crib aquarium and this would have been the perfect partner for it . But as I was taking it out of the box , I noticed some wet spots on the cardboard . Once I pulled out the main part of the unit , I found it was leaking gel ! There are no punctures so it 's in the seal somewhere . Needless to say , it 's going back . This is the part of the mobile that the child has in the crib and can poke and play with the `` floating '' fish . The gel stinks too ... no way would I put this in the crib with our daughter and I wo n't even get a new one . I 'm afraid that a new one would develop this problem down the road . I 'm very disappointed . It really would have been perfect in our daughter 's crib . But I 'm completely turned off from the product now .
 This mobile does not fit most of the newer crib models . The light show and music turn off after a few minutes and the remote control rarely work . Save your Money this mobile is n't worth it .
 I purchased this for my 3 month old daughter and she LOVED it . The only problem is it only worked for about 2 days ! The globe sticks and the music sounds horrible -LRB- like the batteries are running out -RRB- . I did change the batteries several times thinking this would do the trick . No such luck ... I would not recommend buying this product . It really is a piece of junk !
 It 's great when it 's working . It only plays music for a short while so if you 're baby does n't fall asleep quick you 've got to turn it back on multiple times . The remote only works if you 're within 15ft of the mobile . It eats up batteries , and to change the batteries you need to remove 7 screws . I would recomend buying a different mobile .
 I was very excited about this mobile because it can convert to dresser top for later use . But when I finally opened it and put it together I soon realized the attachment does not allow you to use it on our cribs . The attachment is much too small . I immediately called the number given for Fisher-Price and the woman had no sympathy . She just said sorry . She also told me all their mobiles are the same and will not fit on anything but a standard crib with small rails . We have the Emily sleigh crib and it wo n't fit on any side of the crib . I do not recommend this mobile unless you have an old fashioned small railed crib . To save time , I also recommend trying the attachment before you put the whole thing together .
 We bought this mobile due to some of the same misconceptions expressed by other reviewers . Namely , we assumed that the little fish in the bubble would either light up or activate the mobile . It does neither and is utterly useless . By far the biggest gripe is the mounting bracket . It 's seemed to be designed to only work on a prison-issue steel bar crib . Our crib is wood and the top rail is very modest in thickness -LRB- 2.25 '' -RRB- , but this mobile refuses to fit it and we had to resort to using bungee cords . A simple $ 15 mobile has the ability to adjust to fit different rail thicknesses . How can this mobile pass safety standards ?! It 's a huge project whenever we need to change the batteries . And who in their right mind designs a mobile where you have to take the whole thing down to replace batteries ?!! It would make -LRB- slight -RRB- sense if the batteries can last the mobile for a month or more . But ours last maybe a week , tops . I really wanted to return it but my wife likes the `` light show '' feature . I have to admit that 's pretty neat but a real battery hog . Another problem is the lack of a user-controlled timer or a `` constant on '' switch . Our child takes a while to fall asleep and we find ourselves constantly having to re-activate the mobile using the remote -LRB- when it worked -RRB- . Which brings us to yet another complaint
 the fish stop spinning , I have owned two now and both have done the same thing . Fisher price has done nothing to help .
 I spent the better part of two afternoons putting this together for my grandson . Lo and behold , when I was finally done , it would not attach to the top crib rail , which is about two and a half inches wide . We have had two other mobiles which fit perfectly . I was also amazed that the battery box is behind a screwed on plate which means you have to disassemble the whole thing to change the batteries ! Annoyed at the total waste of my time , I called FP customer service . They were not helpful at all . They suggested that my crib is a new type and that 's why this does n't fit . I told her that we have two other mobiles that are adjustable and fit perfectly . Needless to say , I got no satisfaction . We have n't decided if it 's worth keeping for later when it can be used sitting on a dresser -LRB- w/o mobile -RRB- w/light show on the ceiling .
 I got this for my daughter . She tells me that this mobile was either broken when it arrived or broke within a day or two or being put on the crib . She says it started making terrible noises - the motor appeared to have broken . My daughter contacted Fisher-Price directly and they promised her a `` refund '' - only $ 25 , much less than the actual cost . She has received nothing thus far . Very disappointing . She has now purchased a Tiny Love mobile that she finds much higher quality .
 Now , I 'm no professional , but it would seem to me that when you make a crib-mounted mobile , your first priorities would be to a -RRB- make it have stuff that spins around , and b -RRB- make it actually mountable on a crib . I guess they blew all their development money on the first requirement ...
 The top rail of our crib is by no means unusually large , so we were surprised this was manufactured for only the narrowest railing . The only sticker about it is on the mount , which does not adjust at all and is inside the box . It would have been nice to put that on the box itself!When buying baby items it can be incredibly frustrating and tedious how few items are compatible with similar items by different manufacturers . This mobile ca n't possibly be compatible with more than 60 % of cribs , so as cute as it is save yourself some heartbreak and do n't buy it . Fisher Price would do well to look at how many reviews there are with the same complaint .
 As a working mother of two I 've tried a lot of breast milk freezer storage bags and I 'm sad to say that despite Medela 's impeccable reputation when it comes to pumps , their breast milk storage bags fall way short of the mark . First off , the perforations are n't cut completely or set up incorrectly or something which leads to skewed tearing of the tops of these bags rendering the bag useless since you end up tearing the bag . I had to use scissors to cut the tops off these bags to make sure I did n't tear into the area where they seal . Secondly , the inside of the bags SMELL HORRIBLE compared to the inside of other bags . Perhaps this has no bearing on how the milk turns out when it is thawed but I do n't think I 'd like to take that chance with my `` liquid gold '' . Also , I pump into a bottle and then pour into these bags . I use the Medela bottles to pump into . The bags say they can hold up to 5 oz . of fluid . Sorry , but not only can they not hold 5 oz . of fluid , the markings on the side of the bags are completely inaccurate . I know they 're inaccurate because I pump into the hard Medela bottles and then pour a certain amount in the bag . I 've tried manipulating the bag -LRB- folding it , opening it more , etc. -RRB- but I can never get the bag to actually read the proper fluid amount.As a final note , these do n't fold flat very easily into the freezer . They are more designed to stand up and freeze that way . Perhaps this is more of a personal preference but I prefer to lay the bags flat because it saves on freezer space better that way.My personal favorite storage bag is the Lansinoh bags . The bags do n't stink on the inside like these do , the fluid amounts are accurate and they fold flat easier in the freezer for increased storage .
 I bought this item because I can pump directly into it ; I wanted to save time washing bottles , save time pouring from one to another , and save space in the fridge . But after giving this a try for 3 months I have decided I hate these bags . Here is why :1 . It 's impossible to tell when these bags are closed . I 've lost several bags of milk due to spillage . Every time I thought this time I closed it really well ... but then I 'd get home to find milk all over the bag .2 . It 's very difficult to pour into the bottle without some spillage3 . Bags have small leaks . The other day , when trying to warm up the milk -LRB- just by putting it in a bowl of warm water -RRB- I noticed that the water turned white . I picked up the bag and the milk was leaking out from the bottom . This was the deal breaker for me as it could mean other bags are contaminated.I still have n't found a great solution for freezing milk .
 Do n't waste your money on these . I prefer the Lansinoh Storage Bags.Cons
 These sound wonderful , do n't they ?? To save a step in the pumping process would be WONDERFUL . However , these are not a time saver and , in fact , may really waste time and energy . Here 's why :1 . When pumping , the bags are fine . However , I occasionally have to stop and help baby in the middle of a pumping session . Ca n't do that with these - the bags can not be set down with the flange on them .2 . When I 'm done pumping , it is difficult to juggle two unstable bags with the flange mechanisms on top while turning off the pump , disconnecting cords , trying to put a breast pad in place and pull a bra up , etc. 3 . Pulling the connector out of the bag while holding two of these is extremely awkward and may result in some spillage because you ca n't set them down - see # 1 above .4 . The zipper part of these bags is deceiving . I thought I had a bag securely zipped , but when I double checked it popped right open . Glad I checked , but what a pain to do every time ... and I worry that it still is n't completely zipped even when it is .5 . Lastly , there is also the price . These bags retail for double what the Lansinoh bags cost , but they really cost MORE . Think about it , when you buy 50 Lansinoh bags , you use one each time you pump . Not so with these . You have to put one on each breast , unless you pump one at a time . And , since you are considering buying these to save time , I 'm guessing you do n't have time to pump that way . Me either.In a nutshell , these stink . It 's not an execution or design flaw , though there are some of those as well . It 's really just one of those things that sounds great , but ca n't be done effectively.I 'm sticking with my Medela bottles and transferring the milk to the Lansinoh bags . WAY easier .
 This bag has one job
 Beware of this product ! These bags will ruin your precious milk . These bags have a TERRIBLE smell -LRB- smell a new one if you do n't believe me -RRB- , which makes your milk smell HORRIBLE when defrosted . I discovered this only after storing 100 + bags . Other bags on the market do not have this terrible smell . In my opinion these bags should not be sold .
 I bought these to go with my Medela pump . I have only had 1 leak in the freezer . I did n't know it was a problem until today . I take my kid to the babysitter and she calls and said the amount written on them is not at all even close to what 's in the bag . When it says 5 oz there is more like 1.5 oz in the bag . Very frustrating !! Have never tried another bag but will now .
 First of all , I paid almost $ 20 for 50 of these -- they are much more expensive than the Lanisnoh brand . I bought these on a business trip in Washington , D.C. because I did n't pack enough Lansinohs for being out-of-town . I thought they 'd be great , since I could attach them directly to my Freestyle and pump directly into them . But I was oh-so-wrong ... 1 . The ounce measurements are inaccurate . Usually , when I pour breast milk into a Lansinoh bag , I can roughly gauge the correct amount of milk in the bag according to the tick marks . But the Medela bags are way , way off . You are better off pumping straight into the bottle and then pouring the milk into the bags , which eliminates the convenience factor altogether .2 . The bags leak !! They do n't seal very well AT ALL ! Even when I 'd turn the bag upside down and nothing came out at first , sure enough they 'd tip over in the fridge and leak everywhere ! 3 . The bags rip easily . The cutouts for attaching to the pump make the bag extremely flimsy and easy to tear.Save your money and your milk -- use the Lansinoh bags instead .
 I only bought these because I could n't find the Lansinoh ones -LRB- should have just gone online -RRB- .1 . no double zipper .2 . the zipper is really hard to zip3 . they do n't hold enough milk - the Lansinoh ones hold much more . My DD 's bottles are 7 oz so with these I have to use two bags -LRB- along with the extra effort -RRB- . I have not found any bags that reflect accurate measuring . I do n't bother pumping into them as I 'll never know how much milk is in there . No matter the brand , I always pump into a hard bottle then pour into the bag.Get the Lansinoh ones !
 Very expensive , hard to pour into , and they do not stand up very well . The lansinoh bags are so much better and easier to use . Plus they are cheaper . Medela makes a great breastpump but do not be fooled into buying their bags !
 I hate this stroller . Yes , it is cute , small and folds up easily but the cons far outweight the pros . The basket is useless . It is too small and your baby can not be in the stroller while you put something in it . What I dislike the most is how it handles . It will not stay on a straight path and the handling is bad . I am forever running into things in tight stores . It is not just me , my babysitter -LRB- sister -RRB- also hates my stroller . I will be purchasing a new stroller as soon as my baby outgrows the carseat for it . I do n't like that either . The buckles are very hard to snap together .
 This stroller looks great however is a waste of money and we no longer use it . I too am of average height -LRB- 5 ' 6 '' -RRB- the handle is too short therefore my feet hit the wheels while walking -LRB- even worse for my 6 ' 1 '' husband -RRB- . The wheels are not sturdy and the stroller does not handle well on sidewalks . The sun visor is small and we end up having to place a blanket over the front end of the stroller which obstructs the view for the child . This stoller was quite a disapointment given the cost of over $ 100 . A friend has this stroller and was sorry to learn we too had made the same mistake . I would have gladly spent twice the amount for something that works .
 I find that this stroller folds up easy and is very light weight . The problems with it is it 's too short . I 'm an average height 5 ' 5 '' and I 'm bent over trying to push it . When you are our for a long day it makes for a sore back . Also , the wheels are n't very sturdy . If you are using it outdoors , it 's not very smooth . I have had mine for under a year and one of the straps is already broken . The basket underneith is VERY difficult to get things into . I will be going out to buy a new stroller tomorrow .
 We got this stroller as our primary , and while it has many good features , we ended up not using it primarily because the handling on urban sidewalks sucks . Also , we ended up missing a parent tray and a child tray.Pro
 This stroller is terrible . I purchased it after an in-store test drive and I liked it because the seat was roomier than some others and it seemed lightweight and easy to tote around . After less than a month the wheels -LRB- which are cheap and wobbly -RRB- had already loosened to the point where it was next to impossible to maneuver it . My daughter is only two but she is tall and her feet easily reached the wheels which is another detriment to trying to push this thing around . The basket underneath is tiny , forget about stowing a diaper bag or even a purse in there . The bar for pushing is very narrow and if you are more than about 5 ' 4 forget about pushing it without having your feet hit the wheels , my husband could never push this thing and I was just short enough to get away with it . In short ... not a good buy . I have only had mine for about two months and I am getting a new one ASAP .
 I read the reviews and thought this was going to be the answer for the cereal bottles and bought 9 bottles in total . However , everything clogged in them and it never worked well for me at all.Also , Target lost my order and eventually it arrived , weeks late . Then , when I tried to return it for a refund , they had an administrative glitch and refunded us for $ 0 . We just received the correct refund the other day , after multiple phone calls and time . Frustrating ... A very bad experience with a product that worked very poorly for me.Not recommended .
 I bought these because I thought that I was going to start adding cereal to my son 's milk , however then realized this was a no no . I know that many people out there do this and I 'm sure this nipple would work out great , however I did not use this product after all .
 Even though this is a cheap item , I would have to say do n't waste your money on this horrible made item ! The switch is very sensitive and when you just press it , it will turn on and then once its on the only way to turn it off is to take off the battery cover . It mixes well but makes a mess once it stops turning on and off . I have to put my bottles deep in my sink and pull it out of the bottles with it still spinning . The only reason I am still using it is because my daughter is on an 8oz bottle and when you are just shaking the bottle all the powder goes into the nipple and does not mix well . Thankfully , she is almost off formula . Will definately purchase the more expensive items for the next child!Also , smaller than expected ! Does not reach the bottom of bottles .
 The mixer seems very handy but I could not use it as I intended because it would not fit down far enough in Dr. Brown 's 8-ounce bottles -LRB- regular width , not sure about wide -RRB- .
 When it worked for a short period of time , it was indeed worth its weight in gold as other have stated . Shoddy construction has the stirring portion of the mixer unable to `` lock '' after about a month of use . Additionally , the screws holding the battery in start rusting within that time frame as well . This has only ever been hand washed and used according to the manufacturers instructions . Poorly constructed , rusty , and broken .
 We are the parents of a baby boy who has reflux issues . We have to thicken his formula -LRB- 7 tsp 's rice + 3 scoops of formula -RRB- We 've gone to great lengths to find a mixer that works while eliminating air bubbles . Though this mixer did exactly that , we had to replace this mixer weekly and sometimes even more frequently than that ! Every 3 days sometimes ! We 've been spending $ 30 + tax a month to keep this mixer as a staple product that we only use 7 times a day . HELLO PRINCE LIONHEART , MOM 'S NEED DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS BECAUSE WE USE THEM A MILLION TIMES A DAY !!! ESPECIALLY IN FORMULA PREPARATION ! We are finished with this mixer !!! The motor is SO cheap , is n't powerful enough , and when we have to replace this mixer so often it 's just not worth the hassle ! Do not buy this mixer unless you want to have to replace it often . Most hand held mixers are cheap and we are still looking for a solution . No wonder Prince Lionheart does n't offer a money back guarantee or we would get every penny back for every mixer we HAD to buy because they were crappy in the first place . The ` new mixers ' by munchkin suck worse than these do . We bought a different mixer today at the vitamin shoppe and hopefully it works out for us .
 I have twins and this product seemed like a complete lifesaver when preparing 2 formula bottles at a time ... HOWEVER ... I just got to liking it real good when it decided to quit working after only 3 weeks ... I am looking into buying the Munchkin version because a friend of mine has a 9-month-old and she has used that one since her baby was born , with no problems ...
 It is way so powerful that it splashes the liquid everywhere . . my point of buying this product was to help the formula less bubbling when mixing . . but it created more . . what a disappointment . .
 I really wanted to like this product based on all the other reviews . Unfortunatley it does not mix the formula well . I do a better job mixing the formula by hand . The mixer is flimsy and cheap looking .
 Every time I use this mixer the stirrer falls off into the bottle . This item is not very good quality .
 This product makes a froth of air bubbles in the formula that wo n't go away on their own . Even after I swiped them away , my son -- normally a good eater and quick to burp -- was fussy and squirmy during the feeding and had difficulty burping afterward . Another thing I did n't like is that you have to hold the ON button down at all times in order for it to work ... kind of a pain . Preparing bottles is a little faster , but what good is that if it makes baby unhappy ? A battery powered powdered formula mixer seems like it would be such a convenience , but I recommend sticking to the old fashioned wire whisk .
 I 'm confused . Why would one even need this product ? What 's wrong with just shaking the formula in the bottle ? That has always worked for us .
 We 've owned two of these mixers over the past 6 months . They are indispensable if you formula feed -LRB- we 're formula feeding twins , which makes it doubly necessary ! -RRB- . Our first PL mixer was great and lasted 5 months before the motor died . I recently purchased another and , after only 2 days , the mixer stopped turning when immersed in liquid.So , word to the wise , there 's a reason why these are so cheap -LRB- actually quite a bit cheaper at BrUs -RRB- . Buy 3 and maybe one will work for you .
 I bought this item twice . . The first one I bought played out within a week . . I could n't find where I put the other one . . I found it 4 days ago and started using it , last night it gave out as well . . The idea of the product is great . It has great power for the first week and that is it . I wish i could get a refund for it or atlease one , or hell just send me another one , but it 's ok . . Hope they will improve their product . I seen that munchkin has one , but the prince Lion had better reviews , but maybe I 'll try the munchkin brand ... Yes yes . . I also made sure that it did not get wet beyond the little stick and it still played out . I will not buy another one . I believe that two is the limit .
 Leak all the time even fill below the line mark . Too many parts to clean .
 When I first found out I was pregnant everyone told me to use Dr. Browns . They all said they are the best bottles and that nothing compared . My son has execlusively used them for two months now and I think the hype is not all its cracked up to be . Simply stated they leak . I will go to feed him an half an ounce will pour out all over his clothes . Also , everytime I go out I have to put the bottles in a ziploc bag just to prevent them from leaking all over the diaper bag . I am very frustrated with them and I am switching to Playtex Ventaire they work just as well and they do n't leak .
 My daughter has reflux and is colicky so when I saw the ad for these bottles I thought that they actually might work -LRB- They boast about how your colicky child will be less gassy and spit up less -RRB- . So I went and bought some just to try them out , My daughter spit up more when she was fed from these bottles than any other bottles . I followed all of the directions given in the box , and still it did n't work . I guess they work for some , but for the most part , everyone that I have talked to about them has also claimed they did nothing but cause more spit ups .
 I did n't think these bottles were that great . My child is n't collicky and does n't have digestive problems so maybe I would rate this item differently if she were . I thought maybe she would burp or spit up less with these bottles compared to regular bottles but she did n't . Plus there are more parts to clean . My husband hated them after the first couple of tries but I wanted to give them a chance . So after a couple of weeks I also gave up on them and use them as regular bottles instead of attaching all the parts . Save your money and get a different brand .
 I registered for these bottles while I was pregnant based on reviews I had read and hear-say from people I 'd meet in the store while `` researching '' them . Of course when you are a first time mom you are n't familiar with any of the baby stuff so you have to take advice on these sorts of things from other moms . I think the concept of these bottles is wonderful but they are too aggravating . I never used one of these bottles that did n't leak . No matter what I did to try to get them not to leak , it did n't work . So they made for a very messy feeding time and a waste of milk ; and as a first time mom with a newborn , this is the last thing I wanted to deal with ! I always had to make sure that my daughter had a bib on or I had a burp cloth tucked under her chin . I have recently switched to the Playtex VentAire and feeding time is much more enjoyable and not messy at all !
 Our 2 month old had colic , gas and what seemed like a lot of spitting up . We tried these for 4 days and the gas was the only thing that improved . We believe the gas decreased because he was n't keeping any of his formula down . The spitting up became projectile and he seemed hungry all of the time because he was n't able to keep anything in his stomach . We were all miserable , so we went back to the Playtex and the spitting up returned to normal .
 My husband did a lot of research and was convinced these would be perfect for our daughter . Now six months old , she was born a 3 pound premie . We had a lot of trouble with the premie and stage one nipples . The bottles also leak terribly . When we go out , I have taken to carrying the formula in a large tupperware drink container and filling empty bottles as the day goes on . Our baby has reflux , a common premie problem . We are supposed to put cereal in her bottles to help prevent spitting up but the vents and Y nipples get so clogged , our poor baby sucks and sucks and nothing comes out . She gets so frustrated . They are also a pain to clean and mold grows in the vent . Do not waste your time or money .
 the bottles were working great but then my son got thrush . Come to find out the green part of the bottle -LRB- which i washed and sterilized every day -RRB- got some type of mold on it !!
 My sister and i where out searching for a good product that had a smaller flow hole and we found this bottle . It sounded great ! And I am sure it works pretty well , but my daughter would not even take to the nipple . She turned her nose at it and so I switched her back to the only bottle I have been happy with , which is the playtex premium nurser.If they offered larger softer nipple sizes , I think it would be a better product , but now as it stands I have to say that playtex is the best .
 I think the engineering of this bottle system is great , but the nipples are just too small and narrow . My baby would put the whole thing in her mouth and her lips would touch the plastic rim . I never purchased any more after my initial set . I much preferred the Avent bottles and found they were much closer to breast feeding anatomy .
 I had added these bottles to my baby registry and also bought a few myself . Well when my son came along these were a nightmare ! So many pieces to constantly clean , he had so much gas , they did n't reduce colic at all , and they were horrible to mix formula in ! The cleaning did n't get easier since they all melted in the dishwasher and were n't supposed to . These were way too -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- and were worthless ! I switched to Playtex Nursers -LSB- ... -RSB- !
 I bought these bottles for our newborn before she arrived , and I wish I did n't . They leak like crazy if you hold them wrong , there 's a bunch of little pieces you have to clean with a pipe cleaner -LRB- which I found to be a headache -RRB- and their no better than any of the other bubble free bottles . The nipples are also really long and big , which my newborn did not like . I now use either regular Avent bottles , or Playtex VentAire-which are cheaper and work awesome ! To each his own I guess !
 I first saw these bottles at a baby fair and was sooo impressed with them that I put them on my registry . I did n't end up using them until my daughter was about 1 year old because I breastfed her till 10 months and when I was weaning her off the breast , I found that she liked the Playtex nipple . So we used the Playtex collapsibles for a short time . Then we moved on to the Dr. Brown 's , which I could n't wait to use . Granted , my daughter did n't really have a problem with gas , but I figured that using these bottles would keep it that way . What a disappointment ! I found them to be leaky . And I made sure I followed all the directions -LRB- making sure the inner chamber fit securely on the green rubber filter , do n't shake to mix formula , do n't fill over the fill line , etc. -RRB- I even made sure to line up the ridges of the bottle with those on the cap when twisting the cap on , just so I was sure it was on correctly . And still it leaked . I know I did everything right . Yet when I would put the bottle down on the table during or after a feeding , a ring of milk would form on the table . Sure they are a more work to clean than other bottles , but I would n't have minded cleaning them if they worked properly . Needless to say , I was very disappointed , especially because they are also more expensive than most other bottles . I now use the Ventaire bottles which are wonderful !!!!
 We bought these bottles - lots of them for our premature twins to help with gas reduction . The product APPEARED to deliver on that part . However , cleaning was a major pain , and you had to be very careful to prevent leaks - not easy when you have one adult and two babies . Now that our twins are 10 months old and holding their own bottles - they shake them , turn them upside down etc , milk goes EVERYWHERE ! I have just thrown all twelve out including the three types of nipples and have replaced them with another brand that works MUCH better . I regret having spent my money on this product and all the time I wasted cleaning them when I could have been focusing on other things .
 My husband used to work for a company that ran a pregnancy magazine , and we received a few of these , in different sizes and materials -LRB- glass and plastic -RRB- , free . I do n't remember which we used first - I think it was a 4oz glass one - but it was brilliant , so we went out and bought lots more recently , when baby started eating 6oz in one feed.They are AWFUL . The vent retains that nasty old-formula smell , even when they 've been rinsed , cleaned in a dishwasher , and sterilised . I 've never known bottles leak like these do . They are constantly sticky because they leak so badly that formula goes everywhere . My husband used to be a weightlifter , and even his vice grip tightening the collars down does n't stop leaks.And the lids never even stay on ! I went out yesterday with these in my diaper bag , and the lids kept popping off with the slightest pressure applied to the sides -LRB- such as when my diaper bag brushed against my hip while I was walking -RRB- - it 's ridiculous!We bought a set of 4oz Evenflo bottles , 3 for $ 5 , and they 're ten times better than these pieces of junk . Maybe the glass ones will be better , but the plastic are certainly a total waste of money .
 My 8 oz . bottles leaked , and I did n't notice any improvement in my son 's spitting up/gas discomfort . Not worth the money to me .
 I tried these bottles at the recommendation of several individuals who have tried them . My daughter has reflux and spits quite often . So , I decided to give these bottles a try . We had been using the Avent bottle system -LRB- which is awful and made my daughter very gassy due to the bubbles that form inside the bottles -RRB- and I wanted to see if these made a difference . They actually made her reflux WORSE . Initially , during the feedings her spit up had subsided and I thought GREAT ! But then she continued to spit up for hours later . And she spit up A LOT . It kept her up all night and she was already sleeping through the night . This was not coincidental and happened on several separate occasions . I DO NOT recommend these bottles to anybody.I am sticking with the Playtex Ventaire system as it substantially decreases my daughter 's reflux .
 I bought these for my daughter before she was born , because the ad that I read in the parenting magazines was that is was to reduce spit-up , colic , etc. . Well , everytime we used the bottle , even in her later months , she would vomit up her milk . I personally recommend the Avent bottle - the nipple is large , but they are wonderfully manufactured and developed .
 but $ 5 ! My son is almost 8 wks old and has problems with gas for 4 of those weeks . We changed his formula to soy thinking that would help and it did but only for a week . His gassienes was so bad it would cause him to waken every 15 minutes if he wasnt in a sound sleep . We tried Milicon along with his formula to no avail . So one day while shopping I came upon these bottles . I bought one and came home to read all the reviews on them . Out of 144 there were only a handful of bad ones . So I was soo excited to think that my son could be a happier baby ! After one use my son cried for almost and hour and half straight . SO I thought maybe we had to give it a few more tries . After a total of five tries we gave up ! He would drink one ounce and have violent burps and even more gas !! The formula would come out too fast and the nipple he would choke on . I didnt mind the cleaning if it ment a happy baby ! It was pretty easy to clean ! I am happy for those babies that it workes for but we went back to our Platex Nurser for now .
 The Dr. Brown bottle was a great product at first . Then after a couple of weeks I noticed that the bottle started leaking all over the place every time she ate out of it . Then about 3 months after haveing the bottle the top part of the bottle that holds the straw in started to get mildew on it . I was very disapointed and I suggest do not waste your money on this bottle .
 I know a lot of people love these bottles , but they just did not work for us . They are a big pain to use , you ca n't shake the formula , you have to prepare it in something else then transfer it to the bottle . They leak , even if you do n't fill above the line . They are a bigger pain to clean , and the nipples are too narrow and my daughter seemed to constantly be dribbling all over the place . She also would injest too much formula and choke . We switched to the playtex premium nurser and are all much happier .
 My son suffers terrible gas . I tried changing his formula several times and gas medication but nothing seemed to help . After reading the reviews and listening to friends who had been through the same thing , I switched from the Avent bottles to the Dr. Browns . I purchased the wide neck version because the nipples are similar to the Avent and I felt it would be an easier adjustment for my son . I did n't mind the expense of purchasing new bottles or the extra effort to clean the addition parts , but after two weeks my son is still suffering . I was very hopeful that the bottles would make a significant difference but I am very disappointed with the results . I must say I have not had a problem with the bottles leaking as some of the other reviewers indicated . Just be sure to remove the top before heating the bottle as mentioned in the instructions and the bottles should not leak .
 I do n't know if the Dr. Brown 's bottles reduce colic as my son did n't have it , however , I did like the idea that they `` might '' reduce gas . I have used them now for about a month now and whenever my 3 month old is done eating , he has this huge gas bubble that comes out in the form of a HUGE burp!I noticed another reader left feedback that there is no point in making a formula bottle with these as they leak and I will agree with that completely !!! When you 're done feeding and tilt the bottle back up , it drips down the side and makes a mess . I will also agree that there are too many parts to clean to this bottle when with an Avent -LRB- which we 're using and is much better -RRB- , you have a nipple , ring and bottle to clean.Overall we were n't satisfied with this product at all and will be returning them to the store to get more Avent bottles .
 First , I would like to mention that these bottles are extremely leaky , I 've had them for two months now and the bottles are usually always with a ring of milk underneth them after they 've been used & these bottles also leak while they are in the bottle warmer and I have to be cleaning it all the time and all the parts from the bottle seem like they are alway soaking and need to be washed , who has time for this?As far as gas and colic is concerned , which my baby suffers from , I see no difference between Dr Brown 's and Avent . I have been using Avent for a few weeks now and I even think my baby has less gases . The COLIC , by the way , STOPPED immeddiatley after I changed by babie 's formula To GOOD START , I think they are the BEST !!!!!
 I bought Dr. Brown 's bottles when my premature daughter 's digestive system started acting up . I 've been using them for about six weeks now and I have n't really noticed a change in the amount of gas she has . She seems to be comfortable with the size and shape of the nipple -- although I had bought her the preemie-sized nipples , and they were so hard for her to suck that I had to go all the way to a stage 2 nipple . Why make a preemie nipple with such a small hole when preemies have a weaker suck ? My biggest problem with the Dr. Brown 's bottles is leakage . They leak horribly if you have to transport them , like in a diaper or insulated bag . Just recently they have started leaking during feedings -- even after I had taken apart the bottle to double-check that all the parts were put together properly . I have just bought the Playtex VentAir bottles today -- hopefully they work out better for us .
 I bought one of the 4 oz bottles to try for my breast milk so my husband could feed our son . Our son had gas and spit up alot and we found the Avent bottles the best for him along with gas drops . My biggest complaint is how the screw cap attaches to the bottle as when you shake the bottle without the inside parts - the inner cap moves and milk goes everywhere . Maybe not a problem if you make formula and use right away with parts in place but when you put your breast milk in it for future use , I did not want to put all the parts together as breast milk separates . I also found it too long to clean and think that the idea is good but needs a bit more improvement .
 After using these bottles and trying to see the benefit in them , it still has n't proved it 's worth . I did n't mind cleaning them an extra few seconds , if only they had worked for my baby!With all the contraptions it comes with , you would think it works . I 'm pretty sure there are other babies out there who have benefited from these and I 'm happy for them , but I just was not happy that they still gave my son some violent gas pains ! I have since switched to a simpler form of basically the same thing , and that is the Ventaire bottle ! It has worked wonders for my son ! I am disappointed that the Dr Browns bottles did n't work for us , wish they had ...
 I think this is a great concept that just did not work for us . My little girl is three weeks old and the stage one nipples are just too fast for her . She drank so quickly that she ended up spitting up entire feedings ! Obviously , this is NOT the idea.We are back to using the Platex nursers with the drop in liners and they work better for us . I think these would be great if your baby can handle the faster nipple .
 When my baby first came home from hospital I tried the Avent bottle . She was very fussy during feeding and had too much gas.I then went to the old fashioned playtex with the disposable bags . Much better peaceful feeding and less gas.I thought Dr. Brown 's bottles would be even better for the gas but , when I tried it the baby was again fussing during feedings and wore half of the formula . I have to admit it did cut down on the gas but , my baby was fussing and so unhappy with this bottle that I went back to the playtex .
 I am a first time mother so maybe I am doing something wrong , but these bottles leak terribly . I have tried everything and still no luck . I breastfeed and can not afford to waste breastmilk ! Everytime I turn the bottle upside down , as if I am going to feed my son , and then turn it back to the upright position , milk leaks out . A LOT OF MILK ! Is there anyone out there that can offer any suggestions , before I try another brand?Thanks !
 I bought these bottles with the hopes that they 'd reduce my baby 's gas and fussiness . I thought these were the answer based on all the great reviews they got on this site . However , the stage 1 nipple was way too fast for my baby , and it caused her to spit up nearly everything I had just fed her at every single feeding ! I kept thinking she just needed to get used to the nipple flow , so I stuck with it . But she just got fussier and fussier because she was spitting up everything at each feeding . I went back to the Vent Aire bottle I started out with . The stage 1 nipple on the Vent Aire is slow , but my baby keeps all her formula down now .
 These bottles leak like crazy if you tighten them too much or not enough . It takes FOREVER to clean the zillion parts to each bottle . Not worth it .
 I purchased these bottles after reading all the great reviews on them ... I was greatly disappointed !!! First of all , they are a pain to clean !!! There are 6 parts to them and you need 2 different brushes to clean them with !! Second , they seem to leak , at first I thought maybe I had a bad bottle ... but soon they all started to leak -LRB- I bought 8 -RRB- . Third , my poor baby had the worst gas problems ! I changed the bottles to Avent and the gas ended !! So if you still want to try them , I suggest you only by a few and not WASTE your money like I did .
 Do not use these bottles if you use dishwasher to clean them . These bottles have too many little parts and the dishwasher does not clean them well . We bought a brandnew dishwasher with sanitize option just for the baby 's bottles . My baby have strange rash on his face immediately after feeding sometimes , we finally traced the problem to the soap on the bottle . Unless you wash yours with hand and rinse them many times , DO NOT use these bottles . Also , it did not help with gas and split up , we own 24 of these bottles , and decided to switch to Avent . No more rash , and much less gas !!
 Problems
 I would never buy these . Who wants to do all that intricate cleaning when you have a newborn ? I bought the MAM Ultivent Bottles . They have the same nipples as the pacifiers , so they are orthodontically great . And they totally come apart , even the bottom comes off , so they are a breeze to clean . And my baby who spits up alot , does n't spit up at all anymore . No more wearing a bib all day ! They are found at www.babywise.com . They 're great .
 I actually find that these bottles are quite helpful in reducing the gas that my babies get during feeding . My problem lies with the Dr. Browns company . These bottles require an additional bottle brush in order to clean the tiny components inside the bottles . They are kind enough to provide you with one tiny brush in the package of 3 bottles . This is a problem because the brushes only last a few weeks at best then you must buy more from the company . I believe that they should be free and this should be brought to the consumers attention at time of purchase . Believe me , at .50 per brush , it will add up by the time the child ends bottle feeding !! Mom 0f 3
 As you can see in the picture the bottles are -LRB- supposed -RRB- to be clear and NOT the BPA free ones . I ordered these because I wanted the ones that are not BPA free . I wanted them to be completly clear . When I recieved them I was sad to see that they were the BPA free kind . If I wanted the BPA free ones I would have order them for $ 7 cheaper per pack . . needless to say I am getting a refund . But apparently Dr. Browns doesnt make the clear -LRB- non BPA free -RRB- ones anymore :-LRB- So I suppose I will have to get the BPA free kind , but at least I will be getting them cheaper then this .
 My baby had colic and I tried these bottles and I did n't notice any difference in him . I recently switched to Avent bottles and after 1 night he 's a new baby - so content and happy . I know a lot of people have had luck with these bottles - but just wanted to let you know they do n't work for everyone . and yes - all the little parts are a pain to wash - thank god the avent bottles are easy to wash .
 I bought these thinking they would help my 2 week old with his gas and spit up problems , but the nipples are small compared to some other brands -LRB- Avent , Playtex -RRB- and he was able to drink WAY TOO FAST with even the stage 1 nipple of this bottle system . He ended up spitting up even more than before . We 're sticking with Avent , which is n't perfect , but seems to be the brand he spits up the least with .
 what a pain , too many parts to wash and keep track of . We tried practically every bottle available and the old fashioned plastic bottle with the plain nipples worked as well as any . We could n't tell any difference in the amount of gas on baby 's tummy .
 We used these bottles for the first few months then we discovered PLAYTEX NURSER - The GOD-SENT disposable bottle feeding system.We will never go back to these CHEAPLY MADE-IN-CHINA BOTTLES.WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW
 Out of no where I noticed black spots on the brown plastic peices.I freaked out . I have been diligent about cleaning these bottles which included boiling them . Like any other Mother i made sure to properly clean all these parts my daughters well being and health depends on drinking from a clean bottle.Today I called DR. Browns customer service 1800 - 778-9001 and my complaint was entirely dismissed I was treated like a child being lectured as if I was lying . She said well those spots were probably on the peice when you bought them I have no idea why you would n't have noticed if you are cleaning so well . I thought you effing B ! How dare you!I was beyond angered asked to talk to her manager and she said she was the only person there . Nice!Shame on DR. Browns . They have lost a customer for life ! I have spent too much money on this product to be treated like trash by customer service.Families please choose another bottle for your precious angels !!!! To read other mold incidents google DR. Browns mold or Dr. Browns black spots
 I do not recommend this bottle . First of all , the extra parts make it very unhygenic when making milk , especially when you are outside . It does n't reduce gas as it claims to be . Even though it came with a small brush , there are still areas you can not reach to clean . And worst of all , even with the stopper , this bottle leak if it is not upright .
 I absolutly hated these bottles they leak and they have too many pieces . The leaking is what drove me nuts . Dont waste your money on these I would recomend the playtex nursers they are awsome !
 These bottles are totally worthless ! They do n't reduce spit up , colic or anything else the bottle claims to do . They leak like crazy . The flow is way to slow . The bottles are very time consuming to clean . I will stick to the Playtex drop-in bottles . They are the best .
 this is great if you have ample time to hand wash and boil these bottle parts . the inner pieces are a perfect breeding ground for germs and bacteria since it is so difficult to wash . also , we 've had to change nipples constantly since the silicone is so thin and the hold widens quickly with use . the instrux also indicate that you should not boil it for more than 3 mins or it can damage the nipple ??!! it also does not indicate that you can boil numerous times - - since it states that you should n't boil it past 3 mins , i 'm assuming that you are n't supposed to boil it more than once or else the silicone will disintegrate ?! the unfortunate thing is that my baby is so used to this bottle system , i 'm stuck using it .
 If I could rate it a zero , I would . These bottles are a gimmick . When the baby sucks on the bottle , the air he releases into the bottle goes through the brown insert and up through the blue pipe . That 's why you ca n't see the air bubbles . It actually makes air stay in the nipple longer causing the baby to suck more air if the nipple and ring have n't been screwed on well because the air gets trapped . This in turn makes for a frustrated baby because he is sucking and ca n't get milk .
 We were having problems with spit-up/reflux and gas with my 1-month old , so I researched bottles and found these . I was very hopeful after reading all the reviews , but the very first time we tried to use them , my son projectile vomited everything I had just fed him . He had taken the formula entirely too fast . I kept trying , but we had the same results each time . The nipple was allowing him to empty the bottle too quickly - and it was a Stage 1 newborn nipple ! We have since gone back to the Playtex nurser and are having better luck . -LRB- I also switched to a formula for reflux -RRB- I am planning on trying these bottles when he gets a little older - he may be able to handle the quick flow then .
 Thank heaven we did n't pay for these ! They were a gift from my brother-in-law , who was taken in by the wild claims that they would reduce gas and reflux . According to our pediatrician , nothing will reduce gas and reflux except getting older , and , unsurprisingly , these bottles work about the same as the el-cheapo Gerbers we bought for the formula supplements . The only advantage I can see is all the extra parts I get to wash -- keeps me busy anyway.The only reason we keep using them is because they fit the orthondotic nipples we 're using while the Avents -LRB- recommended by the hospital -RRB- do n't , and hey -- they were free . We have n't have the problem with leaking that so many reviewers mention , but my wife and I both play string instruments . With the resulting grips of steel we can twist the little caps on within an inch of their lives.My recommendation ? Spend the money on a safe car seat and buy the cheap bottles .
 I hated these bottles . There are too many parts to clean for starters and they leak . You ca n't make-up your formula in the bottle because you ca n't shake these bottles . They leask all over your baby if you do . I hated them so much I throw them out and bought much cheaper evenflo ones . The work much better .
 maybe it was just my daughter , who went months being force fed , -LRB- I tried every bottle made praying for a solution , -RRB- but The DR. brown bottles just made her gag and through up any thing that I had forced in to her . the thing that worked the best for me were the platex nurser bottles . That is my recomondation for any one whos baby is tough to feed . -LRB- later after going through early intervention for a feeding aversion -RRB- i switched to gerber regular bottles they are great for an older baby . I think that the dr. brown bottles are the worst bottles I tried though !
 After reading the many reviews and info on these bottles and giving birth to a colicky baby , I purchased TWO packs of these bottles -LRB- all different style/size nipples & bottle types -RRB- . When she was a newborn they seemed way to fast ... I put them away for a month and they got them out again ... these things LEAK like there is no tomorrow ! My baby is soaked after she tries to eat with one of these and they get the diaper bag , fridge -- pretty much anywhere you put them -- soaked in milk ! I called the company and they said do n't overfill -LRB- I do n't -RRB- , do n't heat w / parts in bottle -LRB- we do n't -RRB- , and do n't shake with liquid -LRB- do n't do that either -- geez these bottles have a lot of rules ! -RRB- and THEY STILL LEAK . The Gerbers that we got free at the hospital with their disposable nipples work much better . I would n't recommend these .
 My son seems to be a little gassy so I gave these bottles a try . He began to spit up after every feeding and gagged frequently during feedings . He seems to be getting too much too quickly . I have switched back to Playtex Premium nursers and he is doing much better . I am sorry I spent the money on these !!
 My triplets seem to have different feeding problems
 I really have no idea if these bottles help with spitting up problems since I was n't able to use them long enough . No matter what I tried the bottles leak all over the place even while your feeding your child . Also , you ca n't even shake the bottles or the filter system will get clogged . What a pain .
 We bought this product based on its testimonials and thought it would be the best choice for our new baby . While he had no problems using the Playtex Nursers , he ended up having a problem with Dr. brown 's Natural Flow bottles . First off , they are a pain to clean . Each piece needs to be painstakenly washed -LRB- boiling the nipple , washing the bottle , and scrubbing each hole of the the insert and the reservoir . -RRB- It was certainly laborsome and time consuming . Anyhow , when he uses them , he spits up where he did n't with the competition . I tried to figure out why . If you tip the bottle over it drips constantly without any sucking . So my baby is not sucking or swallowing when he uses this product . He lets it build up in his mouth and then ends up having to push it out when he has gotten too much . Needless to say , we are planning to return these and will stick with Playtex .
 I tried the Dr. Brown system but was unsatisfied for several reasons . First of all , the bottles flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag with every couple of swallows . Not surprisingly , this led to terrible gas and spitting up every time we fed.Secondly , I think these bottles are overpriced . Even if they had worked for me , I would have been hard pressed to spend all that extra money . Bottle feeding is not rocket science and no mother should have to pay that much to feed her child successfully.Finally , although the wide-neck bottles may be a little easier to clean , they also come with more parts than standard bottles , so it all evens out anyway . Additionally , I found the big Dr. Brown 's bottles -LRB- 8-9 oz size -RRB- to be very cumbersome , especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.Every baby is different and you 've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you . For our particular situation , Dr. Brown 's was not the answer .
 I bought these Dr. Browns Bottles before I gave birth . I thought this would be a very good idea ; however , I was totally wrong . I had try several different kind of bottles , no matter what brand or how expensive they are , my baby still got gas.Besides , washing these Dr. Browns bottle is a very time consuming job for a new mom . You have to take every pieces apart to wash , that 's too much for a tired new mom . Plus this is not cheap ! I do n't care if it 's expensive or not as long as it works , but these just do n't work as advertisied ! For all new moms , please save for your money , any traditional bottle works same as these .
 that would actually spit up MORE with dr brown 's bottles ... i got them because of the rave reviews not because she needed anything special ... she had been using gerber bottles ... . she never spit up and was a good burper ... . started with dr browns and she would spit up A LOT ... it almost scared me a few times ... . went back to gerber and no spit up !!!! i guess they are not for every baby ...
 I 'm all about new and up dating , even though it 's on 1 child , I like to research and know that it 's the best or at least the close to it . I tried the avent first , it 's ok , but I 'm not fond of the plain look . I tried gerber , playtex and so on . Then I bought some Dr. Brown . It was ok for awhile then things starting getting messy . If you hate washing dishes , this ai n't for ya ! Now this bottle is very difficult . It has so much things you have to assemble . If you put just a tad more milk the lid will leak and it 's not easy trying to wash that skinny tube . -LRB- sigh -RRB- And the nipple is soft and all but my baby needs to something that he can get a grip . If you are looking for the best bottle or nipple , I recommend NAM . They came out with a new bottle and nipple . It has fun colors , very attractive , you can tell that the bottle is working from the air you hear coming out of the bottom suction and the awesome nipple that babies can actually get a grip on . If I had ten hands I 'd give it -LRB- 10 -RRB- thumbs up !
 After reading so many wonderful reviews , I was excited to try Dr. Brown 's bottles . Unfortunately , they did little to nothing to relive his colic . I bought 9 bottles and solely used them for about 2 weeks , with no improvement . There is nothing wrong with the bottles themselves , but they are time consuming to clean so I discontinued use . Also , I thought later on I might just use them as regular bottles , however they leak if they do not have the ventilation system in them .
 Where should I begin ? Did not help colic at all . Never hold in any position other than upright in a bottle bag or they leak . Hard to clean . Does not reduce spitup.Very sorry I wasted my money on these . They are a pain and not worth the extra money at all .
 My son has been bottle fed since he was born and after doing a lot of research I decided to use Dr. Brown 's bottle system because they seemed to be highly recommended . My son was so colicky the first 3 weeks of his life and it took me that long -LRB- being a new mom -RRB- to realize that my son was hardly getting any formula as the nipples were way too fast . He was getting more formula than he could swallow and subsequently swallowing a lot of air . The Level 1 nipple is what I used and it is recommended for newborns but it is very fast . You can tip the bottle upside down and the formula flows out . They are also a real pain to clean - all those parts . I tried the Avent system and had the same problem . Ever since I switched to the Playtex VentAire with the Stage 1 nipples my son has been much happier and much more content at feeding time . The Playtex VentAire do not come with Stage 1 nipples , they come with Stage 2 , you have to buy the Stage 1 nipples separately . Stage 2 is still too fast for my son and he is 3 months old . Just wanted to let every new mom know this because if your baby is colicky it may very well be the bottle !
 These bottles did help my daughter with her gas and such BUT-They leaked everywhere !! My parents and the day care complained about them so I had had enough ! Plus ... there are extra parts to clean out which might be a hassle . So we tried the Playtex Ventaire and WE LOVE THEM !!!
 This toy is sold as a teething toy . My baby has only 2 teeth . While teething on this toy , she chewed off big chunks of rubber off of the ball part of it . She started choking and gagging . Luckily I was there to clear her mouth promptly . I inspect her toys daily when we clean up , and she did this in minutes . I will not be buying anything from Sassy brand again .
 I recently purchased this seat for my son . He is still in the rear facing position , and I liked the features the seat offered . I was able to install this seat quite easily , and it 's as tight as can be , with a little help from a `` mighty tight '' . That 's where my positive experience ended . I do n't like the harness and it 's design . The straps are already twisting and the plastic loop in the seat back where the harness goes through does NOT lay flat . I find it difficult to get the harness properly on him , and find myself regreting this purchase everytime I use the seat . My husband HATES the seat and tells me everyday to go get a new one and throw this one out . ... I would n't suggest this seat to anyone .
 I could not get these bowls to stick to any surface . I tried our table -LRB- wood -RRB- , the counter-top -LRB- granite -RRB- and his high chair tray -LRB- plastic -RRB- and even with wetting the bottom , my 1 year old could easily pull the bowl off the table , which defeats the whole purpose of these bowls .
 I ordered this product . An email said it was shipped . A month went by and I never recieved the product . So , I emailed Amazon who fwd to the seller and thankfully they refunded me the money back . Then they emailed me a bunch of times telling me I would eventually recieve the product and to return.For all the hassle I shouldve been able to keep the product or something . I was extremely annoyed with the whole situation.I will definately be more cautious nex time .
 we got these because they were microwave safe . tis is true and great , but the suction cup is worthless and medium and small bowl are too tiny .
 While the idea is great , the suction does n't stay stuck half the time - even after moistening the suction cup . It 's also a pain to swap the suction between the bowls . I 'd rather just have each bowl with its own suction . The bowls are still useful as bowls themselves and the suction is hit or miss . Mostly miss . The lids are nice and the bowls are cute . Those are the only reasons I did n't give this item 1 star .
 Not surprised at all that this item is now only $ 0.25 . I 'm honestly astonished at the other reviews that said they could fit 6 , maybe 7 utensils in , since I could only cram 4 in . The utensils are weirdly curved , the actual scoop part of the spoon makes scooping difficult , and the fork 's tines are n't conducive to actually spearing anything . The case is difficult to open also . I tossed the spoons and forks and used different utensils , but I 'm seriously considering ditching the case too .
 We have several travel cases for toddler utensils - this case , and the utensils , are my least favorite . The tines on the fork are so wide that my 15-month-old ca n't stab anything with it . She does like the spoons . Because the handles on these utensils are a bit longer than most toddler utensils , it makes it easy for her to grab the handle of the spoon while I help guide the spoon to her mouth . The case is large and takes up too much space in our diaper bag , so we have n't used it outside our house . Like other reviewers , I could only get 6 of the 8 utensils in the case at the same time . For just a few dollars , the price is right since we use only the 4 spoons . I would trash the forks and find another use for the case . I would not recommend this product to a friend .
 I bought this stroller for my 14 month old twins for a trip to Disney . I wanted something light and portable for the trains , trams , and buses - this is not it . It 's very heavy and bulky . It 's not easy to carry . The canopy has to come off for folding . And the worst part , it does n't keep my twins in . Even on the smallest settings , they come out of the straps and stand up . I ca n't even use it now .
 Chicco is usually a good brand . However , I found this type of stroller too stiff to use . The seats do not move forward enough , upright . The highest level leaves the children at an incline of about 120 degrees to 140 degrees back . When awake , my children prefer sitting upright about 90 to 100 degrees , angle . The overhead covers kept on coming off the rims . The clips did not hold well .
 I loved this when I got it out of the box but it has n't quite lived up to my expectations . First , I left it sitting on my brand new changing table for several days while painting the nursery . I had n't peeled off the double sided tape so did n't think it would be a problem . Evidently it got too warm and stuck to the table so when I peeled it off it ruined the finish . I admit to possible `` user error '' but did n't want anyone else to make the same mistake!The other issue is that it fell off the wall about 2 weeks after hanging it up . The mechanism for adhering it to the wall is n't sufficient , but I 'm sure you could add more tape or nails to keep it in place .
 This carrier is the worst . I felt like I was carrying a 2 year old instead of my 2 month old ! It pulled on the back of my neck as soon as I put my son in it and gave me the worst backache I have ever had . I packed it back up and returned it right away . I definitely would not recommend it .
 I registered for this carrier because with my oldest daughter -LRB- 8 -RRB- I had their previous model . I have to say while this carrier is easy to use and definetly very safe and the price is great it 's hurts a lot to use . The carrier has a support belt for behind the neck . While it 's nicely padded it tends to distribute a great deal of the weight on your neck . My son is seven pounds and very small . I used it for ten minutes and my neck was killing me when I got home . They need to go back to the way that their previous model was made where the support belt was around your waist . I will be exchanging this one .
 While I really do not like to complain about products this one was not good purchase . It really hurt the back of my neck I exchanged it for another carrier . The price is very affordable but the comfort is not there while carrying your baby .
 I was quite pleased with the ease with which I could put on the Fisher Price carrier ... but I 'm afraid that is the only good thing I can say about it . I have tried adjusting the straps repeatedly , but there is no way to avoid the heavy weight around the back of the neck . If you like the idea of wearing a 10 + pound necklace , then buy this carrier ; otherwise , I suggest you look to other brands !
 I will try to return this . I cant use it . It breaks my neck . No matter how well I adjust it It DOES NOT WORK . All the weight from my son hangs around My neck . I have tried all positions and none work . Do not buy this item . YOu will not like it
 I liked the molded seat of this carrier and the ease with which it went on . However , once my son was born and I actually used it , I found it was no good . All of my son 's weight hung around my neck . I adjusted this thing at least 5 different times and I still could n't get the weight off my neck . Unfortunately I had already thrown the box away so I 'm stuck with it . However , I was able to borrow my neighbor 's Snugli carrier , and problem solved . My son is now over 12 # and I can carry him for hours in that .
 I thought the unique strap design and firmer carrier would be perfect , but this thing was AWFUL ! I had my 9 lb baby in it for less than a minute when my shoulders started aching . Also , my daughter , who usually melts like butter when in a carrier , started squirming around as though she were uncomfortable . It 's too hard and thick and HORRIBLE ! Do n't believe the smiling woman on the box !
 Ouch ! I am an average sized mommy - 5 ' 6 '' , 135 lbs . And this carrier was WAY to big for me no matter how we adjusted it . The baby just hangs forward like the other reviewers reported . It fit my 200 lb husband but still killed his back due to the location of the straps . And I found it did n't offer very good neck support for our 6 week old . He appeared to be to tall for it and the neck support did n't come up high enough.Should have just bit the bullet and paid the $ 90 for a good one . This is a waste of money .
 This flatware set is very heavy and the spoons are very shallow . My three year old does n't like them . Waste of money . My daughter prefers her Oneida flatware set .
 This is the second baby video monitor we tried and are returning.One of the reasons this unit was purchased was that it said on the box and in the product information text that it offered `` Improved resistance to wi-fi interference '' . The first thing to fall out of the box when I opened it was an extra insert -LRB- titled `` Common Questions '' -RRB- that says : `` Use of other 2.4 GHz products -LRB- such as wireless networks , cordless phone , or microwave ovens -RRB- may cause interference with this product . To avoid , simply move the child unit and/or parent unit away from the source of the interference or discontinue use of other 2.4 GHz products ... `` We have a 2.4 GHz wi-fi environment in our home that we do not plan to ` discontinue ' . We tried it for a week . The daytime video quality was reasonably sharp and I found the video usable , although the signal dropped frequently , even when we were just downstairs , directly under the bedroom where the camera unit was located . The night vision quality was poor unless the camera was really close to the crib . The mfr . says that it must be placed within 7 feet , but that seems optimistic.User controls were ` ok ' , could be improved as others have noted , yet more usable to me then the ` Safety First High Def Digital Video Monitor ' we tried before this.I am returning the unit today because the audio portion of the unit is total garbage.It has constant static -LRB- which also wears down the battery quickly -RRB- and the Vox -LRB- voice operated -RRB- portion of the system is useless . Basically it is always on at whatever volume you set it to , and never very loud even at max . Maybe it is just a bad unit , but there is no apparent Vox capability at all . Furthermore , the sound quality is really horrible . Even when I talked directly and slowly into the mic of the child unit , my wife could barely understand me at the parent unit about twenty feet away downstairs because of such poor signal to noise ratio and sound break-up . Having now tried two ` top of the line ' ` digital ' video units , I give up on them . They were both , in my opinion , unusable junk . I think the way to go is to get a top quality audio unit and independently use an IP camera that works with our existing wi-fi system to send video and audio to our phones on demand . Potentially this should provide a way to have baby viewing anywhere we have wi-fi available via our pda phone . We will purchase an audio-only system for normal household use as a monitor . I really did not want to spend the time to set this up , but with only junk available on the video market it seems to be the way.Manufactures , do you need a product idea?How about a baby monitor system that does not try to compete with wi-fi , but instead uses it ! Make a simple to use IP based viewer device that you can either plug into a wired network or use with 802.11 b , g or n wi-fi . Make it so that you can use ` most any ' IP based camera with or without a microphone and have decent battery life by ` listening ' for a trigger and then switching on the video or sound output . Make it work with standard rechargeable AA or AAA batteries and existing IP security , such as WEP , WPA2 etc. . This device would find more use outside of the ` baby monitor ' domain . Purchase options could include viewer software for Windows , MAC , PDA phones via wi-fi or edge network , etc. . Since the tech savvy market that would use may be a tad more sophisticated then average , be sure that it is a quality device . Wow would that ever be neat !
 I do not work for a competitor -- only a concerned parent . While their standard non-video monitor works great , this is a total piece of junk . If you have ANY connectivity in your home , cell phones included , this product fails consistently . The first unit kept cutting out on half the screen so they sent a new one . My 15-month-old daughter is down the hall at a very close range and it cuts out of signal all the time . Then it beeps and keeps you up through the night as it searches for the signal . Total nightmare . The company , who does have exceptional customer service , sent me a replacement . No difference . Unless you plan to camp out next to the door this product is totally useless . Great concept , wish it worked . Sticking to the old non-video product for now .
 I live in venezuela , I bought this item and somebody bring it here ... When I tryed to turn on the reciever the monitor start to autoreset itself like the battery was damaged , I replace it and the problem continues , Th article was damaged , Sadly here in venezuela we do not have a GRACO SUPPORT or TECHNICAL TEAM . . SO I just LOST my Money ... Be carefull ... Ensure your buy by having a store with graco support close to you ...
 At first , we really liked this product as it provided great sound and video of our baby . Within time , the picture started getting fuzzier and the monitor would lose the signal . By three months , the picture was completely blurred and the monitor could n't hold the signal for more than 30 seconds-even when we were standing right outside our baby 's door ! We had to buy another monitor and this time , we went with a Summer model and so far , we like it much more as the video is much clearer and the volume control has more options . I do n't recommend this product .
 I have had all of the same problems as the other reviewers , but the one that is my main complaint is the fact that the parent unit shuts down in the middle of the night for no reason when it is plugged in . This has happened to me repeatedly now and I am quite upset .
 We got this 1 week ago and thought it would be geat for monitoring our toddler in her new bed . It would be better for a baby in a fixed crib . The screen is fixed focal length and has a very narrow field of view , so to see the entire bed -LRB- a toddler 's bed - same size as a crib -RRB- we need to move it to the other side of the room . There is no focus and it is a little blury . The reception is ok with frequent `` artifacts '' that are common to digital images . The night vision does not have enough infrared lights so being across the room does not provide enough illumination to see the image very well at night . Aftermarket infrared illuminators are available -LRB- $ 50 plus -RRB- . The picture quality of both day and night modes is very poor.Design Flaws :1 . There is a bright red LED light on the front of the camera . This is a dumb place to put a light - our 2 year old noticed it immediately . We covered it with tape .2 . The volume control is fixed in 5 increments . It beeps when you change it . Dumb .3 . The volume never shuts off like most baby monitors , it always has a low hum .4 . When changing the volume -LRB- a seemingly simple task -RRB- the screen changes from a picture to a volume screen . Why ? 5 . There are -LRB- bright -RRB- green LED lights on the monitor unit - not sure for what , they do n't seem to change when the unit picks up noise like most monitors .6 . The digital zoom is useless . The picture is already too large . All you can choose is the center or 1 of the corners anyway .7 . All of the monitor options are useless -LRB- a clock , brightness -LRB- does very little -RRB- , zoom ? -RRB- . Just broadcast the image and shut up!I am not sorry to buy this and try it as I like trying new things . I was considering an IP based 802.11 g -LRB- wireless -RRB- camera . That would have been better quality but would have lacked the secure communications that come with this camera although many of the IP cameras are password protected . I will now get one of these . They can be seen on any computer/laptop .
 I do like the overall design of the product but was disappointed with the picture quality , especially for $ 200 . The menu option and zoom feature are pretty neat but the picture was very blurry and I could n't make out any details of what was being monitored . I also thought the picture was supposed to be in color ? It was n't , even when the room was well lit ? There was a delay in the audio portion but it was the overall picture that disappointed me . Another thing that I disliked was that when adjusting the volume the picture of our baby went away . Unfortunately I will be returning this product .
 This monitor is awful , you can barely see the picture because its so dark and warbled looking , its not in color and the reception is not good . The screen loses the picture a lot and the sound is delayed . I returned it and bought one made by Summer and it was cheaper and works great . Would NOT recommend this product .
 After reading some of the POSITIVE reviews of this product , I bought this monitor . BIG MISTAKE ! The picture quality is very blurry during the day and night and the screen is not in full color during the day like the box shows . It is a very poor image . Sometimes I ca n't tell if my baby is turning his head or if the image is just blurring at that moment.This unit claims to be able to have a 600FT range . I have a 3,600 sq ft house so I figured I could at least go down stairs and have the ability to see my baby . NOPE ! The monitor is constantly searching for the image and it has a tiling effect when it does this . I even put the monitor in my room which is less than 50ft from my baby 's room and it still has a tiling effect while the monitor is on . Things like microwaves , computers , cell phones and cordless phones interfere with the picture on my monitor . I sent back this unit to Graco thinking mine was defective and when I got the brand new one a few days ago , I had the same problems !! The positive reviews I saw on Amazon prior to my purchase of this product were probably written by someone who worked for Graco or owned some of their stock.I would buy another product besides this one if you are in the market for a video monitor .
 The other reviews I read have been consistent with my experience with this product . The ideas are good and , if executed even 50 % , would make this a good product . However , I should admit this is the first monitor I have tried . The picture clarity , delay in audio/video signal , interference or green/blue clusters in picture , short range -LRB- no where near 600 ft , more like 100 ft -RRB- , appearance of volume bars in place of child when adjusting volume , and frequent loss of `` pairing '' between monitor unit and parent unit ... . all made this a frustrating purchase and effort , especially for $ 200 . Dan
 I liked the compact design of this monitor , but unfortunately the reception was not great . I had some type of intereference every 2 minutes or so . I could see ` pixels ' on the screen and in some cases over half of the screen was just blue or black when the monitor was looking for a signal -LRB- all over the house -RRB- . This used to happen with digital cable when it was new I remember . When the picture did come in , the quality of it reminded me of watching a movie on the internet . Quick movements were choppy and there seemed to be a 2 second delay . That also meant when our baby cried , I heard the real cry and then heard the cry on the monitor echo 2 seconds later -LRB- and then again and again at lower volumes -RRB- . It is also a little annoying that when you higher or lower the volume , the picture shuts off and has to find a signal again which takes a few seconds . Overall , I expected a much clearer picture from a monitor that uses digital technology and was this expensive .
 We bought this monitor four mos . ago and it 's not that great for what we paid . The picture does not appear to be color , even in the light . The volume is super loud , even at the lowest setting . When you turn it on , you have to reduce the volume immediately , and it beeps loudly and annoyingly as you do so . In addition , the battery is now dying quicker and quicker these days.Now , the picture looks like that of a TV on the fritz , and we 've never dropped or otherwise abused the monitor .
 The Graco imonitor is overpriced and performs poorly . As a tech geek drawn to cool technology , I was drawn by the big `` DIGITAL '' branding and convinced my wife it would be better than an older , analog model that her sister had . I was very disapointed with the performance for the following reasons :1 . LCD screen is too small at less than 2 inches diagonal . You can not see enough detail and contrast is lost in picture as compared to older analog tube model .2 . Digital Compression leads to artifacting of image . Anyone familiar with digital compression of still or moving images can recognize the odd patterns distracting in an over-compressed television signal . In the imonitor , the digital compression is so bad that it is very difficult to recognize anything , especially in night mode .3 . Temporal resolution is horrible . Most video systems have a frame rate of 30 frames per second , or perhaps half that to save bandwidth . I would estimate the frame rate on the imonitor to be 2 frames per second -- more like a series of stills pictures . This makes it impossible to monitor breathing or movement of the infant .4 . The box brags that the camera can `` zoom '' but in fact this feature is useless because you have to leave the main view , navigate through 3 menus , estimate where in the screen to zoom to , and then wait another 5 seconds for it to re-process the image . After all that , you have probably aimed the zoom in the wrong zone and have to repeat the process.I am returning this overpriced item today for a cheaper , older analog model .
 We ca n't even tell when our almost 3 year old is in bed , and with the head not being able to pivot like some of the summer monitors , we 're stuck looking in one place . it takes forever to initialize the video and the reception is just AWFUL , even less than 100 FT from her room . Skip it .
 I bought this product because it was cute and cheap . Well , I got it for what I wanted it for . It is cute and it definitely is cheap . My daugter still uses it , but the fabric has ripped in several places . She does n't put very heavy items in it , but it suits for right now . Looking back I probably would 've gotten a more sturdy toy chest .
 I did n't even open the package . I was so angry to see pink handles for my son . In the product description , pink is n't even mentioned as a possible color you could get . I know that &#34; colors may vary &#34; , but this was completely inaccurate !
 These handles are great , but the description that lists the colors you may get is incorrect . I received a blue set and a pink set . Having a correct list of the potential colors would be helpful as I would not have ordered these if I had known I may get a pink set for my son .
 The product is sold as 2 handles , the photo shows 2 handles , the cardboard packaging states 2 handles . But only 1 handle arrived in the mail . Really ? Come on !
 I 've had two of these for over two years and they really did n't live up to expectations . When new , they looked great but any seat adjustment leaves permanent scratches on the wood and now they look really beat up . The screws fall out frequently and need to be tightened often . The cushions are stained and worn-out after numerous washes . The trays , while we were using them , could never be set completing straight so cups and plates would slide off constantly making for even messier meals than you 'd normally expect with a baby/toddler . Also these chairs are really difficult to clean . The food gets stuck in all of the hard-to-reach places so they look pretty disgusting on close inspection . Overall , I 'd definitely look for a different option if I were buying one now .
 I love the design and compact size of this chair however I chose the espresso finish which I love but it chipped after 3 days and the wood on the tray is already splintered after only a week of use !
 When the sleep sack arrived , it smelled strongly of moth balls . After two washes , the smell was still so strong that I was not willing to put the sack on my baby . I returned the item & ordered another color , hoping that the weird smell was a fluke . It was not a fluke . The replacement sack smelled just as badly as the first one . Though I typically love Amazon & order from them on pretty much a weekly basis , I can not recommend buying this product from Amazon . Unfortunately , I 'll be making a trip to another store to purchase this item in the future rather than enjoying the convenience of ordering from Amazon .
 It does n't work . I tested the straw and sucked as hard as I can nothing came up ... I read both the Chinese & English instruction that is on the package and can not get this to work.This went straight into the trash ! Do n't bother , save your money .
 I tried this on Dr. Brown , Playtex & Avent . It does n't fit it any of these 3 brands . Not recommended .
 I thought this was a great idea - so I bought 2 sizes . However - it does n't fit in any of the bottles we use . It rests on the bottle top and does n't allow the cap to screw on . I tried on both Evenflo Purely Comfi bottles and Dr. Brown 's . What a waste of money ... it should tell you what bottles it will work with so you do n't waste your money .
 Good things
 We ordered this seat for our 5 month old son to use at his caregiver 's house . It looked roomy and entertaining . However , when we assembled it and put him in there , he was able to yank out the toy bar with one yank . Every time I 'd replace it and try to put it in tighter , he could still pull it out , sometimes knocking the toys in his face . Our dog was even able to knock it out by just nudging the bar with her nose . Overall , it just did n't seem safe and did n't hold his attention for long . Plus it 's overpriced . I much prefer his initial -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- seat , the Fisher Price Infant to Toddler Rocker -LRB- you can hang other toys and links off the bar and it stays put -RRB- .
 Shoppers beware : The item itself is a great item but I have received the worst shipment ever from my online orders :1 - Even though the item is advertised in Amazon as new , I received an item which was previously used and apparently for a long long time . The rocker seat was dirty and smelled.2-Even though the seller charges more than 9 dollars for shipping , they did not bother to put the manufacturer fragile box in a mailing box . Therefore the package arrived cut in several locations with some of the items bulging out.3-Some of the accessories are missing and I can bet the previous owner forgot to return them !
 I bought this seat for my newborn because of the Baby Einstein music and the soft toys . My 3 year old had the Ocean Wonders Seat and there was a concern that the hard dangling toys could be dangerous ... so I thought this was a great alternative . My newborn , now 5 weeks old , is a big baby 9lbs 7oz at birth and she hates the big seat !! She always looks uncomfortable and even when she is snuggled with a blanket while buckled she is either slumping to a side or sliding down . The toys are boring to just look at since she ca n't bat them around , and the octopus is always falling out . The idea of the MP3 player is fantastic and I will admit I had n't used this function yet . . but the chair music stops after a short time and you ca n't restart it without turning the knob . So when my daughter was falling asleep -LRB- which was only once -RRB- to the water sounds I had to turn the knob and put the music on for a brief second to restart the water sounds ... and the music always comes on in the loudest volume . For the money I do n't think this chair is worth it and I do n't see my child being interested in the toys as she grows . I gave it 2 stars for the MP3 player and because my 3yr old loves to sit in it and she fits ... she also likes the toys for her baby dolls !! I did buy another seat . . the Fisher Price Winnie the Pooh kick and play and that is more comfortable , so much more fun and a lot less money !!
 I received this seat as a gift , and unfortunately I ca n't return it.The seat is much to big for a baby , it does not rock , and the music is too quiet and mostly all I can hear is static.The toys are boring and unreachable .
 I bought this rocker because it looks really nice and like a baby would enjoy it ... mine does not ! I also liked that it went up to 40lbs so I would n't have to tell my toddler `` no you ca n't play in it '' . He does n't like it either . It does vibrate and it is kinda cute you can hook up your Ipod , but just buy speakers for your Ipod . The toys fall of very easily and are n't really accessible to the baby anyway . So to sum up I would just get a diferent bouncer !
 My seat is BRAND NEW and I love it , but it has already quick working . I 've changed the batteries reapeatedly and it still only works occassionaly . It wo n't vibrate at all and the music only plays sometimes . VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 These is a bad quality product . From day one the valve broke and the mattress would not keep the air inside . Very disapointed
 We have owned this bed for a little over a year . Probably have used it a dozen times for my 3 year old son . It 's super easy to set up , and did stay inflated fine . The problem we have now is that there 's a small flap inside to keep the air in . When I deflated the bed the flap snapped off and inside of the bed . I contacted customer service and was told that it has a one year warranty and that it probably works fine without it . It did n't . So beware , it will snap off because of the way it 's made , and you will just be out of a travel bed and money if it 's been more than a year !
 I bought this to take to the beach for my grandson . When we inflated the bed there was a defective seam so that the bed was lopsided . I would never buy from this company again .
 It 's never completely filled with air . It 's always loose , even looser after one night . I also had to replace the pump and got a better one for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- instead of the replacement they sell for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Definetly overpriced and bad quality . The concept is great though , you do n't have to carry the bulky pack and play and the sides are high enough to block my daughter from falling off .
 Maybe I just got a lemon but everything went wrong with this . The airpump fell apart the minute I turned it on -LRB- I had to find another -RRB- and the mattress could n't hold air through the first night . -LRB- And YES I know how to operate and close an air mattress valve correctly -RRB- . I returned it and Amazon was great about a full refund .
 After my first bed failed , and after some back and forth with the manufacturer , I received a second bed . I 'm sad to say that I 've had the exact same problem with the replacement which is that it will not stay inflated overnight if a child is sleeping in the bed . In both of the beds we 've had , air seeps out of the area near the inflation point which indicates a design or manufacturing flaw.I really wish this bed worked , and maybe they just have a bad batch at the moment , but I must advise against buying it .
 I so wanted this product to work . My little girl is a roller , and when we go on vacation she falls out of bed even when she is on the floor . This bed seemed like the perfect solution . I got the bed & based on some of the reviews , I decided to blow it up and test it out . It worked great and stayed inflated for 3 days . Then we took it on vacation , and it never worked again . My poor daughter ended up sleeping on the floor ! She is only 24 pounds , and certainly is not heavy enough to cause the bed to deflate . I exchanged it with Amazon for a new bed . The replacement was even worse ! It would n't stay inflated even once and was completely out of air with in 5 hours ! I have returned it for a full refund , but am totally dissatisfied . Do n't let YOUR CHILD be the one sleeping on the floor on your next trip out of town .
 this is a great concept however , ours would not hold air . after the first night i folded a comforter and placed it on the floor . our 21/2 year old loved it and with a blanket and protective pad folded we had no trouble with it staying in place . doubt a sheet would work as the sides are still slippery . love the `` lip '' as it helped to hold all his animals and pillow in . have not contacted manf . to see if can exchange for one that holds air . oh and the zipper for the storage bag is cheep and came apart first try .
 We bought this thinking it would be a good walk thru gate . Both my husband and I had difficulty in opening it . You had to press down and jiggle it a bit , which then loosens up the mounting . After 2 days of jiggling it , I returned it . There are cheaper models out there that are easier to open .
 I would love to reveiew the product . I purchased through Generation Orange over a month ago and I still have not received it . After I complained they finally wrote to me to let me know there was a problem at the plant and I should have my stroller with in 3 weeks and they would give me 15 % off . So ... still waiting . Over all disapointed .
 DO NOT BUY THIS STROLLER !!! The seats are horrible !! The seats are just a metal tubular frame with fabric sewn around them and they are very short in height . In other words your child does n't have to be very big before they would be hitting their head on the frame of the seat . My twins were only 2 months old when I purchased this stroller and they were 22 inches long and their heads were just a few inches from hitting the seat frame !! I returned this stroller .
 I bought this stroller and attempted to use it but one of the wheels kept going flat every morning . I had to order another inner tube . Then on the third day of trying to use this stroller , the front wheel completely bent . What a piece of garbage . I only had one child in the stroller and the wheel was fastened correctly and all I was doing was trying to push the stroller up a small curb . The other thing I did n't like about this stroller is that there is nowhere to hang/put a diaper bag . I sent this stroller back and bought a MacLaren double stroller .
 While this product is mostly ok -LRB- the angle of the seats is weird for the kids to get used to -RRB- , it does not match the product description . No weather shield is built in as the description indicates . When I called Pacific Cycle -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- to figure out a solution , their support was very unhelpful and actually rude . She could n't even help me purchase a separate weather shield . I 'm sorry that I bought the stroller from a company with such bad service .
 We used this stroller for about a year , then on one of our walks my husband started to run for a little bit . All of a sudden , the front wheel fell off the stroller , flipping the thing over , and pulled my husband down on top of it . Thankfully we had the kids strapped in so apart from being scared , they only had a few scrapes and bruises.Don ' t plan on actually using this stroller to jog , it does not hold up well .
 This stroller looks nice and seems sturdy , but I have discovered a lot of problems with it . At first , I thought we put it together wrong , but we double checked and it 's correctly assembled . It 's really wide and does not fit through store doorways or aisles . The seats are always reclined , even in the `` sitting up '' position . When I release the clip to lower the seat back , it maybe goes down an inch more . My sons are usually trying to pull themselves up to look around , then get frustrated that they ca n't , then they just try to climb out . So I end up pushing the stroller , carrying one son and walking the other . The cushioning is very thin , and there is a rounded support bar that can be felt underneath the fabric near the head area , and it seems VERY uncomfortable for my sons . Their heads definitely rest on that bar , so we put pillows/blankets under their heads . I am not a big fan of the huge sun visor , it is very large and not attached to the stroller very well . I think I would have preferred a jogger with two separate visors . On the plus side , it is easy to fold and very smooth riding - great for a quick jog , but not a great multi-purpose stroller .
 I just purchased this stoller in the spring 2010 and had barely used it until recently . We have trails behind our house so I thought it would be a perfect off roading stroller for my two boys -LRB- 11/2 yr old and 5 months old -RRB- , and well I was wrong . My 11/2 year old is tall for his age and his head reaches the top of the back of the stroller , making it uncomfortable because there is little padding on that top metal frame . It also does n't seem like it 's made for bigger kids because they sit so deep that they are looking more up at the sky than what 's in front of them and there is no adjusting that . There 's also little leg room . I 'm not a picky person and I do n't usually write reviews , but the last straw was when the back wheels went . They had been getting extremely wobbly the last few days and finally started rubbing on the stroller itself . My husband took them off and tried fixing them , tightened everything up and they still failed to work properly . We 've come to the conclusion that either the frame itself or the actually wheels must be bent . Very frustrating because we are not rough on things , nor had I used it much at all . Would not recommend .
 We purchased this stroller and it was not good . Before we finished asembling it we found that a part came broken . The same day we got it , we returned it . I am serious . I 'm very picky , but this is a rip off . We were so excited to have this stroller , too good to be true . my husband and i spent months trying to decide , yet still we choose a bad one . -LRB- what i liked -RRB- Big sun shade , Rain Guard . -LRB- what i did ` nt like -RRB- At the back of the sun visor big gap , so if it rains your child will be soaking wet from behind , no hand brake , tether has no adjustment , they sew it together , the bar for the legs will definetly stop blood flow in your kids legs . The material for the sun shade was really , really cheap .
 To make a long story short - this $ 300 stroller is now an overpriced garage ornament.-The seats are way too hard to adjust -LRB- including the belts -RRB- - The front wheel has fallen off while walking 3 times and now has been `` husband rigged ! '' - The front wheel no longer turns - only stays in forward position.-The stroller no longer folds up to be transported.-The stroller is way too wide to maneuver anywhere except for an open field ! - Sun shade ? No - it barely covers the kids hairline.-Not easily washable * Just to be clear , we were super pumped when I first received it . Though it only lasted for about 3 months before the front wheel fell off the first time.I had done my research and based my purchase off of reviews from other parents on jogging strollers and felt that this stroller was the best rated compared to others in its comparable price range . Lets face it , I was not going to spend a mortgage payment on a double stroller ! A Bob Revolution was out of the question and my husband would have given me dirty looks ! And - to make another point , I have NEVER actually used the jogging stroller to `` JOG . '' I ca n't imagine the pieces and parts it would be in if I attempted to run with it.I am very disappointed in general with the stroller . If I can offer any advice , I see used strollers on Craigslist all the time . Our jogger will be in the dumpster this spring , use it at your own risk !
 My husband and I could n't wait to receive and start using this stroller . We currently own the Free Wheeler single version , so we felt confident ordering the Free Wheeler Double . The product specifications states that the stroller supports 50 pounds per child.When the stroller arrived , we quickly started putting it together . Our two year old immediately jumped in and wanted to go for a ride . My husband started pushing our two year old and four month old around the kitchen . I could n't help but notice a HUGE problem right away . Our two year old 's head was well over the steel frame of the seat back . It was resting , quite uncomfortably , at the base of his skull.Our son 's height is very average , not tall for his age at all , so this left us scratching our heads . Could the seat backs be raised ? Nope . We turned and looked at our four month old . His head already reaches the very top of the seat back . If this stroller is designed for up to two 50 pound children , they must be very short and quite pudgy.There was one other problem as well . Notice the really nice shoulder support pads sewn into the harness system ? They are no longer a feature . This feature was important to us since our baby would need the extra support and padding . The packaging still displays this as an option as well.I called the manufacturer of this stroller , Pacific Cycle , and spoke with Brenda regarding our findings . She was very unhelpful , rude , and pretty condescending . She stated that there had been a design change , and that we were out of luck with the shoulder harness . She also stated that all of their strollers , Schwinn , InStep ... etc. have a standard 17.5 inch seat back . 17.5 inches ? Is that a joke ? They do n't offer a stroller that has higher seats.I measured the seat back on our year 2007 single model , and it measures a good 20 inches . A pretty significant difference . So , design changes have been made , but for the worse . The company is charging more , while saving money by cheapening their strollers . Bad move.So now we are stuck trying to return the stroller , but nobody wants to claim responsibility for the problem . So , we are filing a report with American Express.The good news ? Yes , there is some . We found and purchased a GREAT stroller from REI . The staff at REI were all extremely helpful . We purchased a BOB Revolution Duallie Double Jogging stroller and we could n't be happier . It is considerably more expensive but worth every penny . Our sons can actually use it for years to come . If you want a stroller for a child older than 6 months old , you will need to buy a BOB . Good Luck !!!
 Ca n't really recommend this.It is great for my infant , but my 2 year old really - really - hates it . The seat is too deep and even with towels behind him he is so uncomfortable . He usually winds up indian-style . Maybe a much older kid would actually fit , but they 'd probably rather walk at that age.I really wish I could return it purely for the poor seat design !!
 For the money this jogging stroller is great . It is a solid choice . It is thin enough to fit through the doorways and sturdy enough for jogging or minor hiking . It also has storage and a place for your water bottle , etc.The downfalls fo the stroller is the tiny sunshade -LRB- which is n't really moveable or long enough to cover the kids -RRB- and the bar behind the seats that will be at head height of your kids once they reach a certain age/length . The wobbling front wheel can be adjusted by turning the screw -LRB- the one under the plastic foot plate -RRB- one turn.Overall it is totally worth the money . ** update ** The release stopped working and now we have to pry the sides up in order to collapse it . This results in jammed fingers a lot . Also the left wheel has essentially fallen apart . The spindles came undone and the wheel is unusable . Good thing you can replace them ! The sun canopy bolt on the side literally popped off during a jog today . It 's like the whole thing is falling apart right before my eyes . I guess I should have just spent the money for a better jogger . I 'm super disappointed : -LRB-
 Well we bought this after trying an older version a friend has . She bought hers in Norway about 7 years ago , and it is still going . So we thought that 's the one for us , we travel a lot internationally and needed something to deal with the poor south east Asian sidewalks and streets.Well it 's now well and truly busted . . -LRB- . Our son is ten kg before you ask -RRB- the problem is the wheel bearings are worn , the wheel spokes are loose and the joints on the chair are also loose.mthis means when the child sits in it the whole thing sways around like a palm tree in a cyclone.I have spent three days looking for replacement wheel bearings with out any luck . The joints in the pram are just going to fall appart one day as they are riveted together and once they snap that will be it.So why did we buy it?Our friends pram from Norway was of much better quality and was not made in CHINA , !!! we thought we were getting the same quality but let me tell you now , you are not ... Even the buckles and straps are ultra cheap there is nothing on this pram worth the money they are asking.This is another typicle , build up your product then farm it out to china and hope nobody notices ... I think I have said enough ... If the company wants to send me a new better set of wheels then that would be great , but so far I have head nothing from them and will not hold my breath.You have been warned ...
 unfortunately i did n't see the reviews at the bottom of the page before purchasing this jogger . i also live in hawaii which makes returning it an enormous inconvenience . i hate that the parent tray does not have a lid as the baby trend and safety first ones do . i hate that the bottom storage basket is not well supported . i hate that the extra storage pocket can only hold a manila folder it is so worthless . i HATE that the foot rest at the bottom is rounded so my 3 year old can not sit on it and hitch a ride like she could on our older model . the seat IS way too deep as many have commented on , but i remedy that by putting a folded towel under my daughter . otherwise i love the material it is made of - it is a ` nylonish ' wipeable clean up material and aluminum frame - the babytrend is more compact but made of steel so it rusts also the swivel wheel option on the babytrend sucks - it vibrates badly so you always have to lock the wheel . i am living with my schwinn jogger i just WISH the foot rest was flat so my daughter could still hitch rides . i would go for a mall cruiser jogger if you are looking for something a little more compact .
 I like everything about this stroller . It 's lightweight , it moves great and everything looks nice and is nicely made EXCEPT that when I TRY to click the safety belt together it is nearly impossible . I can hardly get the darn thing clicked together , and then once I do ... forget getting it undone . Ugh . Back it goes.And yes , I did consider that it was the newness of them being pinched together but come on ... this is way too hard , way too frustrating , and way to difficult !
 The only reason I am rating this stroller a 1 is Amazon has it listed that is usable for a child up to 100 pounds . It actually is only 50 pounds . It is now being returned .
 At first it was a fine stroller when I went walking around my neighborhood ... always with the front wheel locked otherwise the wheel jiggles back and forth as a few other reviewers have noted . So really the only time I have the front wheel unlocked is when I am storing the stroller in a tight corner in my garage . After getting into better shape and wanting to run more , it is a terribly made stroller . The front wheel system is cheaply made and the bar that is supposed to lock the wheel in place is not long enough so the front wheel rattles back and forth when I run at nice pace . So now in order to run with this stroller and keep the front wheel steady I have to run while pulling the stroller by the canopy . So annoying and disappointing . Should have paid the extra money for a better stroller . It would have been worth it . Do n't buy this stroller if you want to run with it . Walking is okay . Oh and do n't buy it if you want to take it places . I have never taken this stroller in the car because it is too bulky .
 I should shoot a video review to highlight the redundant swivel wheel function.The Good : - Big shade -LRB- but ... see The Ugly -RRB- . - Easily adjustable back rest . - Decent size tray on bottom . - It 's good looks belie the terrible engineering and cheap materials.The Bad : - Swivel wheel wobbles uncontrollably when unlocked making it an utterly useless feature -LRB- unless you 're rotating on the spot -RRB- even at a slow walk . An unforgivable engineering error . - When folded up the release lever catches in the storage tray , so on one occasion when I unfolded the stroller it snapped off the retaining brackets for the release . The release handle now hangs down out of position.The Ugly : - Poorly fitting tray on the top , catches the material of the hood . - Mesh back helps when pushing into a breeze , but also means no protection from behind for my little guy . - Brake lever is held up by friction in the joint - it slips down so the soft plastic teeth which engage with the wheel have started to bend . - Still large and awkward when folded , no mechanism to hold it locked in the folded position so lifting it into the truck is a pain . - Shade lacks any kind of locking mechanism so if the breeze is mild it folds it back.I wish I could send it back - I rarely use it at all , and instead rely on using a Snugglie carrier .
 I read all the reviews and decided to buy this stroller as I didnt want to spend too much money on it . When I got it I was so disappointed.pros : the basket in the bottom is nice and largecons : - it is too big and bulky-it doesnt close all the way down-the swivel makes tons of noise and locks into a straight position on its own because its so cheaply made.-the tray is useless as the child doesnt sit up enough to reach it.-its super flimzy and it feels like it is going to fall apart any minute.I returned this right away and bought a BOB revolution ... WOW !!!!!!! what a difference . IT IS DEFINETELY WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY !!! I love my BOB : -RRB- Save the time and some extra money and buy a BOB instead !
 I have had this stroller for ONE day and I 'm going to send it back or sell it . I am so disappointed . I was so excited for this to arrive . We set it up ... instructions were a little shady here and there , and I try and adjust the seat . I have the strap pulled ALL THE WAY BACK and my two year old looks like he is almost laying down . He HATES it . He is a very happy kid and loves to ride in his stroller . He was miserable because he could n't sit up and look around , plus the tray was at such a weird angle in relation to the seat angle that he could n't even see the Cheerios on the tray from his angle ! His Playtex sippy could n't fit into the small hole for a drink in the kids tray , and my water fell out over and over again from the parents tray . The construction is great , the fabrics are nice ... overall I could have given it five stars , but the seat positioning is SO extreme that it makes my son start to cry ... that makes it a really crummy purchase . If you are wondering about which one to buy , DO not buy this one unless your kid loves looking at the sky all through your walks !
 Originally I scored this heck of a deal on a double jogging stroller last year when I was expecting my 7th child . I wanted it to be able to go jogging after he was born with my now 2 year old . At first I loved it , it is an incredible deal for the price , it has the built in rainshield , it has pockets in lots of places AND came with the extra bottle holder , alot of which other models do not . BUT ... there is a major safety issue with this stroller than I think needs to be addressed to the company that makes it.If you are not careful , this stroller EASILY tips over backwards . On several occassions I have had my toddler stand up -LRB- trying to get out as toddlers do -RRB- and tip this sucker right over backwards . It took very little effort and the baby was flung upside down . Thankfully he was strapped in and did not launch out of the stroller itself , but never the less my toddler was hung upside down as well , ... 2 screaming babies , tipped stroller ... not a good situation!The first time it happened , I figured it was just a fluke -LRB- I had my back turned while shopping , looking at a rack of clothes for just a few seconds , bam that was all it took !! -RRB- But I have actually had this happen a few times if the wind was just strong enough . Seriously ... the wind !! The stroller was in the locked position , I was loading my toddler into the van , the wind blew and that sucker went right over and baby was again hanging upside down.If you order this for older kids , I 'm sure it 's fine , maybe , but NOT if you have a young tiny baby to put it in and even so watch it very carefully . I am planning to contact the company to see how they plan to resolve this because that is a HUGE danger IMHO . It needs to be redesigned and proportioned/weighted differently so the tip factor is less . I realize that if you put enough weight on any stroller shaped like this in that manner it will tip , but this IMHO is far beyond * excessive * weight pushing it over ! -LRB- a 25 lb toddler or the WIND ?!?! -RRB- .
 I was impressed with the comfortable seating that has a nice amount of padding , the built in rain shield is a nice feature and overall the stroller looked like a great find . It assembled easily although is a bit wide to manage , and wo n't fit through most doorways . The disappointing part was trying to use the stroller . It pulled strongly to the left and was impossible to use as a walking stroller so jogging was out of the question . I used the help line for Pacific Cycle and after trying all of their recommendations for correcting the problem , I ultimately returned the product . The return process went smoothly for which I was also grateful .
 We may have simply run into some dumb luck when trying to order this stroller from Amazon , but it has been a 5-month long frustration . We spent lots of time shopping for all kinds of double strollers for serious runners . This seemed to be one of the two cheapest with the minimum level of features that we wanted . The product itself is as good as we hoped . We thought we had a great deal with free shipping , but it was n't worth the headaches . After two strollers , both returned , we are now getting a refund because Amazon apparently has already wasted too much money dealing with us . The first stroller came with a strong pull to the right . We followed the packed instructions to deal with the manufacturer for warranty claims . They sent a new -LRB- but not original -RRB- wheel . That did n't fix the problem and with some more inspection , I determined that the frame was bent - either a manufacturing defect or a problem with shipping -LRB- UPS -RRB- . The manufacturer encouraged me to ask Amazon for a replacement , which would be quicker than a warranty claim . Amazon graciously extended their 30-day return policy for us and a new stroller was on the way . When it arrived , I did n't even get the stroller out of the box before noticing that the handlebar was broken straight through - cracked . So that was our second return . It took 3 weeks before the return displayed on my account on Amazon and when we did not hear about yet another replacement after 10 days , we called and received a refund , though we were willing to try our luck with a third shipment . I do n't know who 's to blame - Schwinn , Amazon , or UPS . Having once worked at UPS , I am not a bit surprised to have had these problems , especially with a heavy and fairly delicately engineered product . UPS does n't exactly coddle their packages . I should have known better than to shop online for this . Hey , at least our littlest one is still not quite 6 months - minimum recommended age for use . Good luck !
 This is a nice idea but it does n't attach well to my stroller bars and it is just too flimsy .
 My daughter bought this as a Christmas present for my wife . As soon as we put it on , the webbing that connects it to the stroller handle shredded on both sides . I 'm sure this is a random , weird occurrence , but when I contacted the seller -LRB- NOT B.O.B. directly -RRB- , I 've still gotten no response two weeks later . Watch who you buy from people !
 First , let me be clear . We LOVE LOVE LOVE the Revolution Duallie Stroller . Worth every penny . But for $ 500 , it really should come with a cup holder ! Also , the entire tray is very flimsy , the pack in the middle is tiny , and the cup holders are narrow . They are deep , which is why this product got two stars instead of one . But it 's just ridiculous that such an expensive , and high quality stroller does not have a high quality accessory to go with it . Very much not worth the money . Either buy a generic one , or hold on to your drink and put your stuff in the many available pockets on the stroller .
 I bought the Bob Duallie stroller and LOVE it and ca n't recommend it enough except for I have been disappointed in the accessories . For $ 600 I would expect that it would have a cup holder . Every other stroller I have has cup holders and they were under $ 100 . Seems to me a way to nickel and dime customers after having purchased their product . The cup holder does n't really hold a cup ... it is fabric that does n't support cups but only long narrow water bottles .
 This console is really flimsy . I 'm used to real/solid cup holders so find this fairly pointless . The backs of the seats already have nets for holding my keys and cell phone and while it is nice to have water within reach , you could buy a cheaper product that is not `` BOB '' brand that will hold a water bottle .
 As was vaguely described -LRB- hindsight is always 20/20 -RRB- , this set is only for those who can use the 24mm single piece breastshield + connector . This is not for those looking to find a PersonalFit Breastshield connector and separate shield . You are looking for part #s 87071Medela Personal Fit Breastsheild Connectors - Medela 87071and your specific sized shield -LRB- 21mm - 36mm with part numbers 87072 , 87073 , 87074 , 87075 , 87084 respectively.Although the product description only excludes Little Hearts and Harmony pumps , it wo n't work with any pump if the user can not use the 24mm breastshields.Although the product arrived on time , the product description is misleading . Based on the complaints , Amazon/the seller has not revised it to make it clearly known to the consumer that this product may not be for them . As another reviewer wrote , the value is lost since we did n't care for the wipes nor the bottles . The shields are junk so in essence , we paid $ 24 for 2 valves and membranes -LRB- a $ 7 value -RRB- . And you ca n't return the item once the box is opened since it would not be hygienic . BUYER BEWARE !
 So this is a bunch of parts that do n't all fit any one particular model ... and the MicroSteam bags are not even recommended for use by the people that make them ?!? Some parts do n't fit the Harmony and some do n't fit the FreeStyle ... so that does n't leave much.A confusing list of what can and can not be used in the bags ... and Medela themselves do n't even recommend using the bags ... ridiculous.Totally pissed I was stupid enough to buy 10 of these junk collections .
 My kit was missing the valves and the breast shields , which was the main reason for getting this kit . I find this completely annoying and an inconvenience .
 The breast shields in this kit will not fit on anyone well endowed . In addition - the connectors are connected to the breast shields thus making it impossible to utilize them with other size breast shields . If the breast shields do not work for you essentially you are paying for milk holders , 2 membranes , and one sanitizer package . Very bad value .
 WARNING TO ALL WHO ORDER , THE FLANGY DOES NOT COME OF THE CONNECTOR . NO ONE BOTHERED TO PLACE THIS IN THE DISCRIPTION . it is the regular size , so if you planned on using it with a larger flang forget it . I am now stuck with this product so I had no use for . I ordered 4 thinking how great the price was . I think amazon should refun everyone who was misled.Amazon you are typically great and I know I got this from a `` second party seller '' but it was on your site , you need to correct this , I am out of 100 dollars which is a lot of money .
 I was looking for the bottles and the connectors to go with my Medela breast pump . However , the description did not make it clear that the pump connectors and shields are one piece . I thought it had the connectors that allowed you to change out the shield size . I wound up returning this item .
 It is really helpful to have extra bottles and pumping parts , but I didnt realize that the pump flanges are not the same two piece ones that come with a pump in style . Although they are supposed to be the same size -LRB- 24mm -RRB- I feel that the fit is very different , and I found them quite uncomfortable to pump with . I do have them stashed in my drawer at work in case I needed a fresh set in a pinch , but if I had realized these were one piece and not two piece units I would not have bought them .
 kit comes with the small breast shield attached to the connected so it can not be changed for the the larger size
 Contrary to the description , this product is not spill-resistant . There is no valve or other mechanism to prevent water from pouring out.You should buy the Lil Topper Sipper Cap instead , which has a silicone valve that makes it spill proof .
 Horrible . The tops do n't fit many bottles , and they are NOT leak proof . My kids drink and drop their water bottles , then come back to find them empty . Not worth what I paid for 'em .
 Bought these for my son thinking how convenient they are . Tried them for the first time and neither one of these fit the `` brand name '' water bottle I had . I ended up spilling most of the water just trying to get the cap on . I will def be returning these !!!
 These tops hardly fit anything ! They were in the trash less than a week after recieving them . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 My husband installed this gate on our deck 3 weeks ago , and it took well over an hour . We had to buy the extension piece , but the stair 's opening is too wide , and we can not use the latch to close it which defeats the purpose of the gate . Lastly , parts of the hinge are already rusting . I would NOT recommend this gate .
 The gate has the rounded corner at the bottom towards the floor and the flat edge at the top ... this results in four exposed ends with plastic caps which may result in water eventually entering . The latch assembly is horrible and anyone not familiar with it wo n't know how to enter ... maybe good for burglars ! The stainless steel parts did n't arrive with the gate so I will have to disassemble it later . My solution was to turn the gate upside down and have the rounded end on top , which I think looks much better anyway . The materials are good , but with the expandability feature of the gate there is a lot of potential standing water on the gate and a weakening of the structure . All in all I would rather have a single size gate with a latch that is well designed . I would not suggest purchasing this gate for any medium or large dog that wants to jump on the gate .
 Wish I could say zero stars because I have zero merchandise ! I ordered two of these gates for our outdoor deck since we have a 2 year old and a dog . One opening needed the extension piece which is sold separately . Also they strongly suggest buying the extra hardware since it is outdoor friendly and weather resistant . So I IMMEDIATELY get confirmations that the 2 orders of hardware and extension gate were shipped . That same day I receive a cancellation email for the 2 gates saying the following
 We got this gate for our deck to keep our dogs and children contained during outside time . We paid extra to have the gate ASAP , we get it and `` install '' it , the first time we go to close it the eye hook snaps . We 're are very unhappy , that is a lot of money to pay to have sometihng break before you even get to use it .
 Small , half-size cups with rotating lids were the only useful items . The `` servingware '' is not useable due to very poor design -LRB- just try moving a piece of meat from the plate to your mouth -RRB- ... . And the bowls are too shallow to even hold a sandwich -LRB- square , deeper would have been better -RRB- . The sippy cups lids are a fantasy - DO NOT let your child loose with one of these in your house with confidence that you will not have a continual mess to face . And just simply toss the wonderful STINKY outer zip case - I am sure it is made from the finest of biphenal plastics -LRB- outlawed yet still produced in China for an exclusively American market ... -RRB-
 This product is n't work $ 25 . It comes with cheap items in the bag . I only bought it for the bag and not what 's inside . I should n't have spent the money .
 Small , half-size cups with rotating lids were the only useful items . The `` servingware '' is not useable due to very poor design -LRB- just try moving a piece of meat from the plate to your mouth -RRB- ... . And the bowls are too shallow to even hold a sandwich -LRB- square , deeper would have been better -RRB- . The sippy cups lids are a fantasy - DO NOT let your child loose with one of these in your house with confidence that you will not have a continual mess to face . And just simply toss the wonderful STINKY outer zip case - I am sure it is made from the finest of biphenal plastics -LRB- outlawed yet still produced in China for an exclusively American market ... -RRB-
 This product is n't work $ 25 . It comes with cheap items in the bag . I only bought it for the bag and not what 's inside . I should n't have spent the money .
 The gate extender is dangerous and if a child pushes or pulls on it , it seperates from the `` stairway special '' model RSS-30 that it is designed to lengthen . The nuts pull out of the frame of the stairway special causing failure . The design is that the extension has holes that the bolts are placed through and they are anchored into the nuts within the frame of the main gate -LRB- stairway special -RRB- . A child could die pushing on the gate . See image I posted on Amazon site of failed gate .
 Although it will suit it 's purpose I had to hot glue the top back onto the bank upon arrival . It 's flimsy and poorly made .
 Although it will suit it 's purpose I had to hot glue the top back onto the bank upon arrival . It 's flimsy and poorly made .
 I am not the type to write reviews but I really did not like this stroller . I would struggle quite a bit to unlatch the stroller . When I managed to get the stroller completely open -LRB- which I never could do with one hand -RRB- something would be hung up . For example , the foot rest would be sticking straight up and would not go back down except in an unfolded position . I found this out after I had already put in the baby and had to take her out , hold her with one hand and try to unlatch the stroller . Another example would be the front swivel wheels would randomly lock up . Some other things I was disappointed in was that the canopy is attached and does not go down far enough to block the sun . The comfort shoulder pads on the 5 point harness strap would not stay in place and fine strings of the material from the straps were unraveling . The foam on the handle bar was already starting to split . The back wheel is very wide and was hard to get in and out of doors . When I folded up the stroller I could not get it to click shut . It was bulky , heavy and hard to navigate . I used this stroller maybe 6 times and kept thinking I just needed to keep giving it a try . I really looked long and hard for a stroller in my price range and thought I had found it . Maybe I just got the `` lemon '' stroller . But , I really can not recomend this stroller . I returned the stroller and went with a Graco Quatro Tour and have been very happy . The Graco maneuvers so much more smoother and I can even unlatch and navigate with one hand . Luckily BRU has a great return policy .
 I have had this stroller for my daughter for 6 months now . I put it together myself . The parent cup holder does n't snap on like it is supposed to and the cover for newborns does n't fit the stroller so there are two things that I just threw in the closet . Like a pp said the top does not block the sun , the back wheels are very wide -LRB- forget about restraunts , stores , and just fitting in areas in general -RRB- , the front wheels lock up a lot , and it is very very hard to get it unfolded . I did n't have problems with the fabric unraveling . The storage bin under the stroller would trap the diaper bag so it made it difficult to get stuff out when she was sleeping , and it also does not fully recline . I do n't have the receipt and I 've had it for so long -LRB- I figured I would give it a chance -RRB- or I would return it . Now I am looking for another stroller .
 I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR A NEW STROLLER AND WHEN I SAW THIS ONE , IT WAS JUST TO UGLY TO BUY . I LOVE EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT IT , BUT THEY COULD JUST HAVE MADE A DECENT COLOR FOR IT . THEY KEEP MAKING STROLLERS SO UGLY NOW !!!!!!! AND THE GREAT LOOKING STROLLERS ARE CHEEZIE OR ARE SO EXPENSIVE . COME ON MANUFACTURERS ' .
 Had my stroller for about 2 months and the wheel in the front is bent and i cant fix it . . very cheeply made . . Also the kids sit way to far back not impressed do not recomend ...
 We just tried this stroller out in the store . I have an 8 month old and a 3 year old who is 38 '' tall . The top of the seatbacks have a metal bar that the fabric is attached to . My son laid back in the seat -LRB- which riders are forced to do since the seats do not sit upright -RRB- and his head hit on the metal bar . Ouch ! So , back to searching !
 I just purchased the stroller today . I put my 3 year old in it for a test run and strapped him in . Something caught his eye and he sat forward , and completely ripped the straps of the 5 point harness clear off the back of the stroller . My kid is not large , nor is he exceptionally strong . All he did was lean forward , and that caused the straps to rip . Shoddiest construction I 've ever seen . My cheap $ 50 stroller has held up far better over the years . The damage is fixable ... but now I have to sew the straps back on . That 's not something you should have to do to a $ 350 + stroller before you even get it out of the driveway . Very disappointed .
 My 11 month old was able to pull the bowl off the tray in about 30 seconds . Trust me , I wet the bottom of the suction cup , made sure it was securly attached to the bowl , etc. . Bottom Line
 i wish i had read the reviews before purchasing this bowl , because the suction cup does n't work at all . i had chosen this adorable set to celebrate my 17 month old learning to use a fork & spoon . she still needs for the bowl to stay in one place however , so the suction is key ... this is a disappointment . very cute , but probably too small to use for a child past the suction bowl stage .
 I bought this thinking that my 11 month old daughter would n't be able to move the bowl with the suction cup . WRONG ! She pulled it right off the high chair . I tried it several more times , wet , dry , nothing worked . She also can peel up the suction part . Sigh ... but it 's really cute , and did n't break or chip when she threw it on the floor ...
 I think some of these reviews are written by people affiliated with the company that sells the product , Touch of Europe .
 I found this carrier to be horribly uncomfortable for carrying my 15 pounder . The shoulder strap cut into my neck , and the waist strap was thin and offered no support at all . I returned it after trying to wear it for about 15 minutes . It 's too bad because I really wanted this to work for us !
 I bought this baby carrier because my baby was outgrowing the Baby Bjorn that I loved so much when she was smaller . I saw the Combi Urban Carrier online and thought it was perfect . I liked the look of it and I liked the position that she would be in . I ordered it right away . As soon as I got it I put her in it and ... OUCH ! All of her weight went straight to the side of my neck . I got her out and readjusted and tried again with the same result . I tried it several ways . My husband tried it too and neither one of us could stand it . It was returned immediately . I do n't recommend this product at all .
 The fabric used for this blanket is not soft and cuddly like a baby blanket should be . The design is very nice but the quality leaves alot to be desired !
 We bought this chest to use as a toy box . We thought it would be safe for children . The lid on the chest is way too heavy . When it is lifted open , it slams shut - and with a heavy lid like that , it could cause a serious injury . Unfortunately , if I pay to have it shipped back it would be really expensive so I am stuck with a toy chest that I can not keep around my children . Also it arrived very dusty and with some of the harware missing which leads me to believe that it was either returned by someone who found it dangerous , or it had been hanging around a warehouse or store for a very long time . Very disappointed !!!!!!!!!!
 This evening my 31/2 year old daughter was looking for a toy inside this chest that was used to put her toys in . We heard her yell out and found her sitting next to it crying and realized just what happened ... the lid fell on her head . My wife warned me about this happening to herself before ... I should have listened to her and just get rid of this badly designed chest back then . Tonight I got rid of it ... boy did I get rid of it ! I was so mad that this chest -LRB- which looks like a coffin by the way -RRB- hurt my daughter ! Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS THING -LRB- I almost want to SUE ! -RRB- . It seemed like a great buy , but save your money in trying to save money . The thing is in 2 pieces in our trash can ! I normally do not write reviews , but this item was a real disappointment ! The hinges which are supposed to keep the lid from falling just do n't do the job in opening and closing the heavy lid properly . Oh ... my daughter is OK ... she 's got a hard head .
 The sling broke within the first few launches . It broke and snapped one of my children . He had a bad welt for a few days . It was a big disappoinment . My guys were really excited about using this sling over vacation .
 I purchased this item with high expectations that it would help keep my 8 yr.old child upright . First off the picture is not a good representation of the pillow size . It `` looks '' as if there are too big pillows on each side of the childs head . WRONG , it 's actually two very small pillows that rest near the childs shoulders . My son pretty much still by passed the two little pillows and slumped over as usual . I RARELY return items and am usually very satisfied with stuff I order on Amazon , but this product stinks !
 I was hust looking at toddler beds and i heard that they have false advertising . You can get somthing just like for a little more money from one step ahead and it looks so much better than this one .
 I ordered the adorable little bed that I saw online or so I thought . First off it came in a medium sized box and when I opened it at least hundreds of bolts nuts and screws lucky mom I was , I got to put it together.When I got it together I realized it was n't the same bed as the one on the box . The one on the box had different poles . Then I realized it was n't even the color that is introduced online or on the box . Pretty pink u think or not , it was a light purplish color . Best yet , it states that a crib mattress will fit , there is a gap between the headboard and the mattress.My crib mattress is to small for it . I really wish I could have seen this item in a store before I wasted over $ 200.00 on this bed that looks like it 's made for my dog . To top it all off it was n't in stock when I ordered it and I was given the wrong date when it would be delivered . I later recieved a letter saying sorry for the delay I would n't get my order for another month which meant that I would n't get my daughters bed for her birthday which I had been told I would . Although I was unhappy for many reasons , I kept the bed because my daughter loved the thought of having her own `` Princess bed '' . Before you order this bed do know that I looked in many stores for this bed and could n't find anyone who sold it , so when you choose to order from this site who will tell you we do n't have it but another company does and they will also tell you they lost your order please do n't let your kids know they are getting a pretty pink princess bed.Instead tell them they might get a Purplish Princess bed that looks comfy in the picture but the dog would rather lay in it .
 We bought this bed for our daughter when she was turning 2 as her first big girl bed . She loves it , but she is now only 3 and quickly outgrowing it . If I had to go back , I would n't have bought it . She can barely move around in it now . While I like how it 's low to the ground , I just do n't think it 's worth how small it has become , so quickly .
 I 'm pretty good at putting things together . I can no longer count the amount of dressers , hutches , computers , beds , desks , chairs , etc I 've put together from everywhere like IKEA to Staples . But this bed was the most frustrating thing I 've ever turned a screw to . The holes are put into places that you can not see both sides of . The holes do not line up that great and when you finally get the screw to even touch the nut it will not tighten right . I 'm not even half way done right now and I 've been at it for an hour and a half . The people who designed this should be drug out in front of their business and flogged while they are trying to put it together with the the pinky finger sized wrench 's they give you to do it with . I guarantee you they will die of exhaustion before the can get it complete.Amazon is setting a poor example of product control by letting this company sell this bed on their website . And I generally have the highest regards for Jeff Zebos and Amazon . Jeff please help !!!
 Do n't waste your time ordering this bed because they do n't carry it . So , for the most part it 's false advertising . I ordered this bed months ago and when the delivery date was finally here , I received an e-mail saying they do n't carry this bed anymore . Thanks alot ! You guys are right on the ball .
 I 've put together hundreds of toys , furniture pieces , etc. over the past few years for our young children . Without fail , I always have issues with KidKraft stuff . They are always missing steps in their directions , have pieces that are n't quite right , have missing parts , or have damaged parts on arrival . It 's no wonder that they have the words `` before getting frustrated ... '' on their instructions and repeat the phrase `` PLEASE LET US HELP '' 4 times on the top of their directions ... they know this stuff is miserable to get together and will be missing pieces and damaged ! It 's gotten to the point where I 'm begging my wife to stop buying stuff from them - if for no other reason than to save my sanityI have to say that once you get replacements parts for all the broken pieces , realize that a step in the instructions is missing for attaching `` part 12 '' to the frame , realize the little crowns do n't fit on the bed posts without additional sanding , and figure out what to do with the 2 extra screws that are n't described , it is actually a nice bed and looks great in my daughter 's room . But getting to that point is a nightmare for many people who buy this . Again - it 's hit or miss ... sometimes you get a good one ... sometimes you do n't ... but that 's KidKraft!Anyway ... here 's my experience with this bed.We ordered it online . It arrived with one of the posts all banged up with splinters sticking out out it , a broken plastic crown , and two headboard pieces had pulled out of their screw holes . Not a good start . On top of that , none of the remaining crowns were cut correctly so they could n't actually fit over the bed posts ... the holes in their base were n't large enough . After hours of frustration I managed to get it together with the broken pieces sort of working . Now I 'm trying to work with KidKraft to send replacement parts.It 's a wonder this company is still in business with the insanely inconsistent and poor quality of their products.UPDATE - 04/15/11Called KidKraft and they sent me replacement crowns and a replacement leg free of charge . The crowns fit ... but unfortunately the replacement leg is n't a color match for the other three - it is much more purplish and stands out . What a hassle . I 'm working with them now to try and get a replacement that matches the color of the other three legs . Arghh .
 I ordered this bed in April for my 21/2 year old . The shipping date was supposed to be 7/5/05 . When the date came around , I checked my account to see if it had been shipped yet , but there was no record of the purchase of the bed . I called customer service , and no one had an answer for me . I received an e-mail a week later stating that I would not be getting a bed at all ! It said that the company was not able to accomodate so many orders for this bed . If I would have known this I would not have waiting 3 + months for a toddler bed !
 The top paper board on which the baby lies , fell through on the side with the open shelves luckily I was quick enough to catch my child . If anyone has this one , be careful . I 'm glad it seems as though no one is selling this one anymore .
 I bought this crib for my first child , brought it home set it up and within a week of her being in the crib . The bottom bits of the drop part of the railing were coming out and the railing broke . It ended up being unsafe for her and I had to buy another one with better support .
 Having three children under the age of 5 , I finally decided to get a triple stroller . I have probably had 10 different strollers over the past five years , ranging from $ 20 umbrella strollers to $ 500 Peg Perego strollers.I could n't convince myself to pay $ 1,000 for a peg triple , so I did some research and found this stroller . I ordered it to take on our 4th of July trip to Universal Studios . Before hitting the parks , we fortunately stopped at my sister 's house and then walked to a local park . This is where I learned how horrible this stroller is!My children are 24 , 27 and 30 lbs . All very much under the recommended weight limits for the seats . However , the wheels flattened when the children sat in the stroller . This stroller will not turn . At corners , you have to lift up the entire back end of the stroller -LRB- which requires the child in the back to get out -RRB- and turn while only on the front wheels.The `` seat '' in the back is ridiculous . The child has to lean forward because the back of the 2nd row seat is literally on top of the 3rd seat . I moved the 2nd seat-back ; I moved the 3rd seat back and forth to no avail.I am returning today . Hopefully I will get a full refund from Amazon .
 I have a three year old -LRB- who is only 28 lbs -RRB- and 4 month old twins . With all their weight plus the twins car seats , it is incredibly heavy to push and almost impossible to turn . Any sort of slope in the road or crossing a sloped driveway that cuts thru the sidewalk is absolutely ridiculous . It is top heavy and feels like it 's about to fall over and it veers so hard on any sort of slope that you have to strain to keep it going straight . Not an easy feat with all that weight . Turning even on the flat is really hard , too . And I 'm talking about walking around a grocery store on nice flat smooth floors . Both times I took long walks with it the next day various parts of my arms , neck and back were sore from the constant straining to get the stupid stroller to either go straight or not tip over into traffic . I will be looking for a triple jogging stroller to replace it . I think having three across instead of three in a row will be an easier way to distribute the weight so its easier to turn and push . I was planning on using this one for exercising outdoors once the weather gets good but there 's no way it would ever work for that . I 'm sure it would n't be as top heavy once all the kids are out of the car seats , but the weight problem would still be there . Also , it 's deceiving because when you try it out when it 's empty it feels so smooth and easy to turn , but it 's not once you add the kids !
 If you own a Tahoe or Suburban the stroller will fit in the back . Own a Jeep Liberty ? Forget it ! Great idea for a 3 kid stroller just needs to fold down more compactly .
 We got this for our new born , 1 year old and 2 year old . It is a nightmare to push and if the pavement is just the tiniest bit tilted , or if you walk on the pavement and the pavement dips where you cross the road , it will pull badly . I have had to struggle to stop it from falling sideways many times.The backseat will not stay in the upright position so when my 2 year old is in the jump seat , the back seat keeps reclining and pushing on her head . Also the jump seat does n't stay in position and my daughter finds it very uncomfortable when it sinks under the rear seat.Its a good idea , but not good in reality . I called Joovy to speak to someone about all the problems we had . Pam the customer service rep was very rude and unhelpful . Luckily Toysrus.com where we got it from were great and we are sending it back and getting a refund.I really would n't waste your money on this stroller . Its flimsy , cheaply made , difficult to move , and uncomfortable for the kids . If you do still decide to give it a go , make sure you measure your car as it is very long and will not fit in a lot of vehicles .
 I got this for my 21/2 year old , 1 year old , and newborn . Just walking down the sidewalk with it was impossible . Every time we crossed someone 's driveway , the subtle slope toward the road sent the stroller careening into the street and oncoming traffic . I had to take it down a curb and it almost tipped over . I returned it to the store right away and went back to using my double stroller -LRB- a Kolcraft Universal Express , which I love but they do n't make any more -RRB- . I decided it was easier to make my 2 year old walk than to try another triple stroller .
 I bought this for my newborn twins and 1.5 year old . When the infant carriers are strapped in the 3rd seat -LRB- jump seat -RRB- does not work . Specifically , the seat closest to the handles leans back too far into the jump seat making it impossible for a child to sit back there . They would slouch forward . The stroller is also huge but i expected that . I wish it worked for us but it just did n't . My friend who also has 3 kids -LRB- 11 mo twins and a 2 yr old -RRB- loves this stroller though . She does n't use the carriers . I guess if you do n't want to use the carriers the stroller might be your best bet . Without using infant carriers , this stroller is not conducive to newborns or small infants . I really need something now so I can get put of the house . I 've searched high and low for an affordable , durable stroller for all 3 and I 've found nothing . I 'm just going to buy a double stroller and a triple wagon .
 Note before beginning review
 dont buy ... i call this stroller the `` beast '' hard to turn . You have to take pieces apart to store it . I have a Ford expedition and it takes up the entire trunk space because it has to be placed in at an angle ... i can not use my third row
 WARNING
 I got this stroller a couple weeks ago and I was very excited to finally have a triple stroller and I have been waiting for this stroller for 6 weeks because it was back order . Now that I have been using it for a while I now can really say what 's good and what 's not good about it . First of all , the stroller is very long and it does not fit in the back of my Yukon XL , I had to removed the front seat tray in order to fit it in my truck and even then I have to angle it so that it will fit . Another bad thing about it is that the adjustable backs has a different locks to it that never stays up and that makes the third row set in the back almost unusable unless the child is willing to stand the whole time . No cup holder , I now realize how handy/important they are to have . Very hard to maneuver the stroller itself . The weight is reasonable for the size and overall the stroller looks very attractive but not practical . At least next time I 'll know what to look for in a triple stroller .
 I have a 3 year old son and 14 month twin girls . This is the only stroller that I could find to meet my needs when I first had the twins . I could n't use it the first 4 months because the girls could n't sit up yet . Then , it served my needs fairly well for about 6 months . Now that the girls weigh 25 pounds each and my son is about 29 pounds , I can hardly push the thing . I actually do n't take my kids places , because I dread pushing this stroller . I have to put my whole weight into it to make a turn.Now , I 'm shopping for a double side-by-side for the girls and will use a harness for my son , who will have to walk ...
 I bought this before my fifth child was born . -LRB- FYI
 I did quite a bit of research before buying this stroller . I was uncertain based on mixed reviews , but with newborn twins and a 21/2 year old I was desperate to get anything to fit the 3 of them so that I could make it out of the house with all three of them . Upon my first outing I wanted to return it . I had found a better deal on another website but unfortunately they did n't have a return policy so I was out 330 + dollars , and was stuck with this thing . A year and a half later I hate it just as much as the first day , and I am looking forward to Santa bringing our replacement this winter -LRB- the Step2 Choo Choo ... mothers of multiples , look into this !!! It was retired when I searched for strollers before , and I even have baby # 4 on the way that I can pull in her infant carrier with the attachment trailer ! My kids are super excited about the choo choo , which has separate `` freight cars '' for each of them . It also looks very easy and fun to pull ! -RRB- Back to the Joovy , this is my breakdown of the pros and cons ; Cons ; 1 -RRB- Very heavy , especially if you plan to use this with infant carriers .2 -RRB- Did not fit in the trunk of my SUV -LRB- Nissan Murano -RRB- , I now have a mini van & I have to struggle to take off the snack trays to squeeze it in the back of my Honda Odyssey . For a year I could only use this for walks out of my house through the park , because I could n't travel with it . I also find collapsing it to be more of a struggle than with other strollers . -LRB- I used the double snap & go for my twins during that time & a harness for my son for extra security , & even carried him while pushing the stroller . I LOVED the snap & go for my girls ! Lightweight , very easy to push & collapse , cup holders for mom . I was so sad when they outgrew it . -RRB- 3 -RRB- Not functional with infant carriers ! I used this with my twins in infant carriers at first , I am 5 ' 5 and could not see the front child because the one in the rear was so high up . This was particularly annoying when you want to see your infants face to make sure they are okay . -LRB- My twins spent 3 months in the NICU & having them come home off monitors was hard enough , but to go for a walk without being able to see their face to check if they 're okay ... blankets riding up ? choking ? still have pacifier ? I almost assembled mirrors on this stroller -RRB- . Also because it is engineered as a long narrow stroller , when you add the height of the carriers , the babies were at least 4 ft up . We always used the straps on the stroller to hold the seats in , but it almost tipped over on a number of occasions as you ca n't see a curb ahead of you -LRB- it 's very hard to see anything on the sidewalk in front of you because of how high the seats are up , again with the infant carrier , not a problem thereafter -RRB- , and it was also tippy because of the way the weight is distributed -LRB- all the weight is on top with the babies and it is so narrow so it is prone to tipping on turns , take a turn and miss the curb that you ca n't see ahead of you , and forget about it , the stroller is going down -RRB- .4 -RRB- Positioning of the Sit & Stand is ridiculous ! I feel so bad for my son even having to use this thing . When he sits down on the sit & stand , even now with his sisters in their regular seat sans infant carrier , he is forced to lean forward in his seat because the back seat pushes him forward . Same goes when he stands on it , he has to stand leaning backwards , which is not only annoying but unsafe . He has fallen off it several times . More annoying to mom is that the seat is sooooo low to the ground that my son has a tendency to drag his feet on the ground ... imagine having to constantly correct a toddler that they need to put their feet up , as it amplifies the weight of an already heavy stroller , so it 's near impossible to push ... but wait , it gets better ! His feet are also right next to the break , so any time he feels like it he can step down on the breaks , immediately forcing MOM to a halt . Now imagine how much fun it is to remind a toddler over and over `` do n't drag your feet , do n't step on the breaks '' . Forget about any stress relief you as a busy mom could have had on a walk .5 -RRB- Storage space on the bottom is very difficult to access . Plan on breaking your diaper bag down into several small bags to squeeze in there . I 'm guessing anyone who needs a stroller this size has plenty of cargo for three little ones . Plan on carrying it yourself , because this stroller is going to be more of a pain to try to squeeze it in.Pros ... I 'm being generous listing any1 -RRB- `` Fits '' three kids ... price seems reasonable compared to other triple strollers . If price was relative to quality though , this should cost half the price .2 -RRB- Snack trays are a good size , although a pain to snap on and off .3 -RRB- Mesh sacks on the back of seats are good for tucking in a bottle4 -RRB- Sun canopy snaps on & off easily , which is nice for brighter days .5 -RRB- Padded handle is comfortable on hands ... nice when pushing a super heavy stroller.Bottom Line . This stroller is not worth the money . It has made my life more difficult as opposed to easier . I would look into reviews for the step2 choo choo or anything else .
 I 'm only writing this review because I came across this item while trying to find a REPLACEMENT for it , and I was shocked to see that this has such high reviews across the board -LRB- the lowest useful review at a 3 ... NOT the experience that I had with this product ! -RRB- I dislike this stool enough to hault my search and point out some of the issues you might experience with it.I bought this stool to go with my rocking chair , since after rocking my baby for one short week I noticed it wearing on me . Within the first hour of use , one of the pegs which allow you to adjust the angle and set the foot board in place fell out . The next day , another fell out -- and two of the non-skid pads -LRB- which do n't work well on my very average carpet -RRB- had slipped off , revealing the sub-par glue that is used to attempt a bond . Soon all but one of the pegs had fallen out ... which means that the foot board is a completely separate piece -- just as it was before it was assembled -LRB- well , with one peg sticking out of it -RRB- . All of this rendered the foot rest completely useless.I honestly dislike this foot rest enough to just replace it with a different product instead of completely assembling the stupid thing with wood glue and tacks . You might not have the same experience , because my baby likes to be rocked pretty strongly ... it 's possible that the stool just could n't take the power we dished out -LRB- I guess I should take it as a compliment . Since no one else wrote about experiences like these , maybe I 'm just freakishly strong -RRB- . If anyone out there wants to pay for shipping , I have all of the parts for this crappy nursing stool -- FREE .
 i bought this and though it is a good stool for nursing , it is made out of soft wood and not stained , it is painted the cherry color , which at the slightest bump scratches off to reveal ugly splotches of white underneath.I thought that for the $ 35 i paid i would at least get a decent quality wood and stain , a piece of furniture that i could keep for years . but it 's junk.next time i will stick to the cheaper nursing stools
 The non-skid pads on the bottom came off within a week on hardwood floors , so you 'll need to get some that stick better , use stronger glue , or screw in .
 bought this as i needed a nursing stool ... bought the honey to match our nursery collection which ishoney colored ... well when i got it in the mail ... i was very disappointed to find it a pee color not honey .
 I was excited about getting this stool to help with nursing my son , but it did not help me at all . I found our ottoman was just as good . Do n't bother buying this !
 This gate is a real piece of junk . -LRB- I have 3 of these things - bought at the same time b.c they were cheap . -RRB- It tore the paint off the sides of my wall , it marks the parts of the wall where the paint actually remains , my son bursts through it with minimal effort , the handle is really difficult to operate ... If your door frame is the slightest bit uneven or off in any way , the pressure thing is totally useless . We are constantly tripping over it b/c the pressure points do n't stay pressed to the wall . It just does n't work well . I have never used it as a wall mounted gate though so maybe that works better . -LRB- I have lived in apartments for a while and need to use the pressure mounts so as not to drill in the wall . -RRB- Long story short , I do n't recommend this gate .
 Firstly , they call it a pressure-mounted gate , but fail to inform you that if you need to use it as a true `` gate '' , you need to hardware mount it . Otherwise it is a pressure-mounted barrier , not a gate . You need to hurdle it or pull it out to pass.Secondly , the mechanism was awkward . It kept sticking . Neither my wife nor I could easily slide the two panels.We returned this and bought the more expensive , but infinitely more usable First Years Hands-Free gate .
 We purchased the Safety 1st Lift and Lock Security Gate to use at the top of the stairs when our son became mobile . We carefully followed all of the instructions and secured the gate into the door frame with the enclosed hardware . However , we experienced problems with the gate when we began using it in 2009 . We found the gate difficult to open , the handle would stick , and this would put pressure on the hinges screwed into the wall on the other side.One day when I was reaching over the gate to pick up our cat , the top hinge cracked and broke apart , and the gate came completely off the door frame ! I flew head first down a flight of stairs and was knocked unconscious . I suffered a traumatic brain injury and have been out of work ever since.The company only gave us a replacement gate -LRB- which was equally faulty in design -RRB- and have denied any responsibility in the matter . I have learned that the company recalled other safety gates due to defects in design . I urge everyone to stop using these gates right away ! You would never want your child , or yourself , to experience what I have .
 We have this using the pressure-mounted setting . It does stick and then it 's really hard to work . I have two of them and wish I 'd paid a bit more to buy ones that work better . My husband hates it and is insisting we buy another one ... that works better .
 I never really liked this gate because it is somewhat hard to use . I bought another one because I needed two gates and this one was the only one available.The first one that I bought no longer works . The handle used to open and adjust it will not lift.I have the new one pressure mounted at the bottom of the stairs and it works ok for this . My banister post is round and tapered so it is smaller at the top . The pressure mounts on this gate adjust a little to fit , so it is working as a temporary fix.It would work fine for a plain pressure mount , but it is hard to step over .
 I have a very active 1 year old , I got this gate and put at the bottom of the stairs , I was happy thinking my son would n't go up the stairs so I turned my head for two minutes , and when I turned around my son was on top of the gate standing on the middle bar with his head almost on the other side , about to cross to the other side !!!!! thank God it was sturdy !! if not my son would have had a terrible fall !!!!!! I got so scared I returned it immediatly for me it was extremely dangerous !!! DO NOT GET IT IF YOUR CHILD IS ACTIVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This item is listed as a pressure mountable gate , but it is not . It is only a gate if you hardware mount it . Using it as a pressure mounted devise it is simply a removable wall , which is not very easy to use with one hand . I 'm returning the item today .
 This item is listed as a pressure mountable gate , but it is not . It is only a gate if you hardware mount it . Using it as a pressure mounted devise it is simply a removable wall , which is not very easy to use with one hand . I 'm returning the item today .
 I bought two of these gates , as well as 2 more expensive metal gates that open and close for our hallways . These gates were purchased to keep our twins off the stairs going upstairs and downstairs and would n't be used very frequently , probably less than once every 2 weeks . So I thought these would be perfect . They were at first . They stayed in place and were secure . Then as we started taking them down every now and then , like I said , less than once every 2 weeks , they became less and less reliable and seemed to `` strip '' out and would n't hold securely . If you are going to put these in a doorway that wo n't be used much , then these might be ok . But for blocking stairways , which could be very harmful for kids , then I would not recommend this gate by Safety 1st . I would go with a more secure metal gate , as I am now shopping for!I LOVE my other two metal gates with the one-hand open/close gates , both pressure mounted . They are perfect for high-traffic areas . They have been in place about a year now and are used many , many times a day . One of these is the Evenflo Simple Step in taupe color and the other is by Dreambaby .
 This gate is awkward to open with two hands and nearly impossible to open with one . That leaves the third hand for the baby.The main problem is the design of the lock . Instead of a latch , which most hardware mounted gates use , there are 2 rods with rubber pads on the ends that push against the door stops , which are mounted to the wall . The rods are moved in and out of the door by pulling on the large white handle at the top of the door . When the handle is down , the rods are pressed against the door stop , and when the handle is up , the rods pull back into the door . Unfortunately , the rods do n't fully disengage from the door stops and there is still friction as the door opens . The handle itself has quite a bit of friction as one lifts it . The door itself is made of flexible plastic , so the entire door twists as one attempts to lift up on the handle while overcoming the lateral friction of the rod/door stop assembly . It eventually opens , but not without an incredible amount of two-handed difficulty . I have used many doors , and this has the worst design . I recommend a latch mechanism instead .
 As mentioned in other reviews , this gate is not very user-friendly . I have only used the pressure mount option as I am a renter , the handle does not life up easily , the two panels are very difficult to slide , and once you have it mounted , you better leave it alone . We 've had ours for less than a week , it 's already bending somewhat from one side to the other . It is extremely inconvenient to step over especailly when you are carrying a baby . I would recommend going with a more expensive unit and stay away from this one .
 I bought this gate for four reasons
 First I bought an Evenflo and it backed up and the motor died . So I tried this one . Initially I loved it , but two weeks later the motor crashes and I am left stuck with a hand pump that takes 20min per side -LRB- not somethig employers are happy about -RRB- at work . So I emailed them on the website , two days later I have yet to receive a response . So I call the 800 numbers on the back . One is a completely different company offering me a job training course and the other is a recording that tells me to call another 800 number . Of course by this time the business hours are over and now I have to use a hand pump until Monday . I am terrified that my milk will dry up and my baby will suffer because of this deffective pump . I cant buy another one until I figure out if they will give me my money back . For something as important and non-renuable as lactation , you would think the response would be more timely .
 I bought this pump at a local retailer . It worked fine for the first few weeks . I would wash the `` breast cups '' taking the inside ring apart from the outside -LRB- milk gets stuck underneath -RRB- and now I ca n't always get it to work . What a waste of money . I would have rather bought a high dollar one like I used in the hospital and know it would work when I needed it to .
 My husband went and purchased this one for me while I was still in the hospital , instead of listening to the one I wanted he got the cheaper one ... Men . I told him there was a reason that all the other double electric pumps were 150.00 and above . This one is hard to hold in place , it 's awkward and you have to press it against your breast really hard . The suction is not sufficient . It will only pump about 2 oz and then stops . Not to mention it takes close to 20 minutes to pump that 2 oz . It 's very loud , and tends to back up in the tubing if your not paying explicit attention to the machine . The only thing good I can say about it is that the cups are comfortable . But that does n't make it worth wasting you money on ... buy a good one and save the time and money .
 I had my first child and was looking forward to breast feeding but this was the only pump they had at the store and it quit on me . I was so disapointed because I had to take water pills and was unable to breast feed at that time . When the pump failed I dryed up and now can not breast feed my child .
 This pump hurts ! I wasted my money on this and had to go buy a Medela instead . It 's worth the money to buy a good pump !
 I got one of these when my son was born and pumped every once in awhile since I was nursing around the clock on maternity leave . After the 6th time , the sunction was not working . So , I returned it back to Walmart and got a new one . It worked for my every once in awhile -LRB- total times I pumped less then 10 times -RRB- . Now I have returned to work and need to pump 3 times throughout the day . It did well Mon-Wed . This morning , the sunction went out again . I had to just use one side at a time which took up over 30 minutes . Luckily I am trying to get my baby use to the formula because it does n't look like I 'll be pumping long .
 Breast pump did not work . Can not return to store due to DHEC requirements . Company has not been willing to replace . Replaced tubes and valves and that was n't the problem . Then said `` will mail new motor and you will have Wednesday '' . That was on Monday . Guess what ? Today is Thursday and no motor in the mail today . -LRB- Do n't promise in two days unless you 're shipping that way . -RRB- In addition , said , `` Mail us the bad one and then we 'll mail you a new one . '' Why should WE have to pay shippping?E - mailed . They wrote back and said to call them . Already called twice with no result . This company should have made good from the `` get go '' with a new breast pump in a new box , the works . Not wishy-wash around and put us off . If I can read a label and see `` the first years '' , `` learning curve '' , or `` RC2 Brands '' on a product in the future , I will not buy it .
 Not wanting to spend big bucks on a Medela , I bought this pump instead . It is very loud ; it looses suction if it is not perfectly lined up and pressed hard against my chest ; it has very little suction -LRB- I put it on its highest setting to be useful at all -RRB- ; it literally rubs me raw when I use it even when I use Lansinoh with it ; and the pump quit after 2 dozen uses . Loud , painful , difficult to use , does n't work well , and it broke . If you 're only going to pump occassionally , you 're better off getting a good manual pump -LRB- doing one side at a time with a good manual pump will take about the same time as using this -RRB- . I threw this away and bought a Medela Pump In Style which has been wonderful !
 I bought this because it got fairly good reviews and was not too expensive . It was a total waste of money as far as I 'm concerned . I only used the thing maybe twice . It took me about 45 minutes to get maybe 4 ounces of milk . This is the only pump I have ever used so 45 minutes may be the norm , but it was kinda pointless to me . By the time I finished pumping it was time to feed the baby again so I did n't really get any time to GO and do things around the house . It was quicker just to breast feed , but this may be a good purchase if you are desperate for a pump and ca n't afford a super good one . You may consider contacting your local hospital and they can rent you one that is `` industrial strength '' and it would probably be a smarter purchase .
 I was not satisfied at all with this bag . It was not tall like it shows in the picture , it is short and wide . It also leaks . I am using it for cloth diapers in a diaper pail and it does not contain the wetness in the bag . When i picked the bag up out of the pail it was dripping . I will definitely be purchasing a different wetbag that will actually hold all the wetness inside . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This bag looks tall and skinny , like it would actually fit in your pail . But it 's not . At 23 `` x22 '' , it is tall and FAT . If you want a pail liner for your pail , this is n't it . If you purchase this thinking that you 'll get what it looks like in the picture , good luck returning it to Quality Deals . You can even expect a rude reply when you try to return it . Your shipping will not be reimbursed and they will not pay for your shipping . If you really want this bag , buy it off of -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this stroller without seeing it in person . The first time I used it at the mall , the wheels squealed and squeaked so bad everyone we passed looked at us ! When we got home , I made several calls to Bumbleride and BabyBecause -LRB- where I ordered the stroller -RRB- . Neither were extremely helpful . Bumbleride said they did n't have any in , and would not do anything -LRB- besides suggest WD40-for a $ 300 stroller ! -RRB- until they got some in . BabyBecause eventually said they would send me a new frame , if I sent the old one back , paying for shipping myself -LRB- even though it was the stroller that had the problem !! -RRB- . So , I sent it back , received a new frame , and the wheels did the same thing , along with another problem . My husband loaded the WD40 on -LRB- I was so tired of dealing w/the companies -RRB- and now every time I use it , the wheels shake/rattle back and forth so much that the whole stroller shakes ! I do n't think this stroller is very well-made , and I 'm very disappointed . Definitely test one out before buying !
 The 06 Flyer is a great looking stroller , but that 's about all it has going for it . I purchcased it online , and wish I would have gone to a store to see it in person first . It 's not at all what it 's cracked up to be . The wheels are wonky , the steering 's horrible , your feet bump into the stroller when it 's in the ` facing mommy ' position and even now that my baby 's 7.5 months , the saftey straps are still too large !! I took a lot of time researching strollers online before purchasing this one , so I thought I did my homework ... no such luck.A word to all stroller shoppers :1 . Go to the store and test it out first2 . Bring your baby along for the ride3 . Check out online reviews ... and if there are n't any then wait for some!I 've just purchased my third stroller -LRB- awaiting it 's arrival now -RRB- and hope it works out better for baby and me .
 I am very unhappy with this stoller . The front wheels have fallen off more than once when popping it up from the collapsed position . When the handle is reversed , it is really hard to walk without kicking the wheels , and it is extremely hard to steer.Even with the handle in the correct position , I often feel like I am pushing a shopping cart with messed up front wheels . I have only been using this stroller for about 2 months . I do n't think that it will last for the years it is meant to .
 whoever designed this obviously did not use it on their own child . The star patch that velcros to cover the zipper is too large and it ends up in my daughter 's mouth . A lot!One time I was holding her looking out her bedroom window and I heard an awful gagging ... and it was the star from the sleeper jammed down her throat because the way the sleeper crept up when I was holding her.So I cut the star off and now the zipper pokes her in her chin when she 's sleeping.Buy a different brand that zips from the bottom and doesnt have a decorative but dangerous and impractical flap so near a baby 's mouth .
 These diapers had great reviews for being a good fit to infants . However , first of all it was the wrong fit for my baby who was not a big baby . He weighted 7 pounds at birth . He only wore these for three weeks and outgrew them . These diapers also did not absorb as I had expected . My son needed to be changed as they got soaked right away . They are cute but , I expected a better fit , and more absorbency .
 I stocked up on these based on all the great reviews and both my husband and I did not like them and are looking to trade them in . They fit fine but when we would go to change our daughter they would be soaked . I do n't know if it was from pee or sweat . We liked the pocket diapers better so far and all in ones .
 Just a warning you will need a cover with these diapers and since they are so bulky with a cover I would recommend you use something else . I think these fitted diapers are so cute but not exactly practical .
 It was too thick , so I was worried for my new born to use it.It may give him a nappy rash.So I did not it use it .
 the contour diapers seem like a good idea , but like prefold diapers you still need an insert to keep your baby even remotely dry . Unfortuntely these diapers are so small , the insert does n't quite fit right and sticks out a bitup top . This would still be okay , however my baby could n't fit into the contours with or without an insert beyond 11 lbs . you ca n't believe the numbers 5-20lbs .
 I was looking for a clean soap for my face and decided to give this Olive Oil soap a try . I have used it twice and both times was left with a kind of film on my skin . It did n't exactly rinse off clean and my skin felt like it had hand cream on it . I even used a wash cloth to try and get the residue off . No luck . The scent is n't sweet at all , which is all right . I did n't expect it to have a strong scent . It just is n't the soap for me . Also I read the side label and its ingredients . I did not see `` olive oil '' in its list . So who knows what those chemicals are that I am putting on my face . This olive soap probably works for most people , but for me it was a great disappointment .
 I was initially pleased to find an olive oil based soap for sale , but this was a profound disappointment . I tried it on my hands when it arrived . The first thing I noticed was the smell . It is strongly -LRB- ! -RRB- perfumed and smells like cheap cologne.It cleans perfectly well , but my hands were left feeling stretched and dry , later itchy with a film on them . The itch subsided after I washed again with my usual soap . It is possible that I am sensitive to cheap cologne , but who would imagine an olive oil based soap would smell so horrible ? It says in the description that it is a `` fresh , herbal green scent '' , but not so.Be warned . If you do n't want to smell like that , do n't buy this soap . It 's not cheap in price , unfortunately .
 This soap seemed like it would have been really nice , but I would n't know since mine arrived leaking all over the place . It was inside a ziplock which helped contain most of the mess , but it was still all over everything . I would like to order more but not going to take the chance .
 When it was packaged it somehow opened and the soap was all over everything . Plus , the smell is too pungent - I ca n't get the smell out of my nasal passages ! I 'm extremely disappointed .
 I am a big fan of their food so I bought a bottle of this when I ran out of my California Baby super Sensitive body wash . My 4 yr and 2 yr old started screaming and crying saying that it was burning their eyes . Please be careful with your babies . It does say `` For external use only '' . Smells wonderful
 Pros : It looks good.Safe car-seat . Baby Trend Customer Service was pretty good.Cons : After a few months of use the wheels squeak.The stroller and the car seat are heavy.Does not fold to a compact size.Hard to adjust stroller seat position . + quite a few more consAll in all we regret this purchase .
 When I first received this travel system , I absolutely loved it . I had done my research , read all the reviews and decided this was the one for us.I 've had this stroller for 2 years now and I absolutely hate it . I never had a problem with the infant car seat - that met my expectations . The stroller is impossible to steer . I literally have to have two hands on it at all times to steer and it needs a little muscle to maneuver . It is soooo heavy . I am pregnant with baby # 2 and I ca n't lift it into the trunk anymore . It squeaks like you would n't believe . I 'm embarassed to take it out in public with all the noise it makes . Granted , it could probably use a little oil here and there but at this point it 's not worth it to me.It does have it 's pluses though - the parent tray is awesome . Cup holder & a little compartment to hold keys , phone , whatever . The storage underneath is also really nice and holds a ton of stuff.I 'm looking forward to stroller shopping again that can accommodate two kids and hope I have better luck the second time around .
 I currently own the Chicco Key-Fit infant car seat but when the new test results were released I purchased the Galaxy Flex-Lock seat . I was not impressed when it arrived . It does not come with any infant head support and the seat was n't as comfortable as the Chicco seat . I also noticed that the clips that buckle at the crotch are plastic , Chicco 's are metal . To release the seat from the base you have to dig under the front of the seat , Chicco 's release is at the top of the seat near the canopy . The handle on the Flex-Lock is VERY difficult to move as well . I thought I could overlook these things if it meant my baby would be safe in the car , until I tried to install it ! I have a 2005 Honda Odyssey and I could not get the latches to tighten all the way so I had to use the seat belt . In order to use the seat belt with a shoulder strap you have to thread the lap portion and the shoulder portion through to metal pieces , the seat belt is doubled up when you do this . The seat belt does not fit through the metal piece when it 's doubled . I tried several different ways to install this seat , without doubling the belt , and nothing worked . I am returning this seat . The Chicco Key-Fit ranked 3rd and did pass with a `` Fair '' rating . I did order the Graco Snug Ride since it was one of the two top rated seats , if I ca n't get it installed we 're definitely sticking with the Chicco Key-Fit .
 I hate this travel system . Contrary to the hefty price tag , it is NOT well built or designed . It 's very cheap and it 's not cushy or comfy for the baby . The canopy on the carseat pulls off easily , the tray on the stroller gets scratched up because of the way it collapes , and it 's not easy to use at all . I 'm tired of fighting with this thing -LRB- it 's only 4 months old -RRB- ... I 'm getting rid of it and purchasing a Graco or Evenflo .
 Yes , I do hate this travel system ... I bought it for it being highly recommended by Consumer Reports ... well , they failed to rate based on ease of use along with a few other things . For starters , the infant seat is a hassle to buckle my little one into . The straps are completely ridiculous to snap & clip together . The straps get cross-threaded all the time . Also , the material is completely inappropriate for infants . My son , sweats ALL the time in it . There is NO getting around that ! Also , the travel system came without a head support , so when I called Baby Trend they told me I had to purchase one seperately . Also , the way the car seat sits in my car , a Subaru Outback , the infant seat tilts forward , which meant my newborns head continuously snapped forward while driving , stopping , turning , etc. . So , once again , I called Baby Trend & they said that I had to purchase some type of foam support - they called it a noodle . -LRB- Another added cost ! -RRB- Next , the weight of the infant carrier & the weight of the stroller - both ridiculously too heavy ! I had a c-section & could NOT lift my baby in his infant carrier for 6 weeks - not good . Also , the whole contraption itself is very heavy . I have a backup travel system - a Graco - and that is so much lighter & easier to use -LRB- fold up & snap open -RRB- . Also , the Baby Trend stroller is VERY difficult to manuever . I am not sure who said that it was easy to stroll around , but I find it very difficult & I am in excellent shape . So , if you are seriously considering this stroller , I beg you to go to a store who carries the whole system & TEST IT OUT ! I will be very glad when my son outgrows it , which will be very soon !
 When I developed rectal incontinence , I used these wipes exclusively , then after a few months , the rectal areas were red , itching and burning like a bee sting . My doctors assumed it was caused by hemorrhoids , so I had several surgeries to remove the hemorrhoids . I continued to use the Cottonelle wet wipes , and found that I still had red , itching and burning skin all the time , it was so painful , it was hard to walk . My doctors told me that irritation was caused a fissure , and I needed surgery again . After the surgery healed , I went through several other medical tests and treatment to resolve the horrible skin problems and no matter what I tried nothing resolved it . Finally , after six years of fighting this problem , which literally disabled me from working outside my home , one specialist asked me what did I use to clean the area . When I told about the Cottonelle wipes , she immediately told me to stop using them and use the Balneol cream . Three weeks after I stopped using the Cottonelle wipes and started using on Balneol all the rectal inflammation stopped . These wipes are a wet wipe horror , the chemicals in them stay on top of the skin and begin to erode the top layers of skin , which opens the skin to all the germs coming from the fecal material . Nothing will resolve the inflammation except to discontinue using them around the anal and vaginal areas . So if you have sensitive skin , then do n't buy these wipes ever .
 I had been using these regularly for two years before I had a problem - in that area . I thought it was something else and immediately went to my doctor who gave me a prescription for what it was thought to be . When I was filling the prescription I happened to also be buying a pack of these wipes , and the pharmacist recommended I not use them while taking the antibiotic because the wipes can cause a bad interaction with the antibiotic . Within one day of not using the wipes my problem was gone but I kept taking the prescription since I did n't have the slightest idea the wipes could be a problem and assumed the drug was remedying the issue . Well , a few days after finishing the prescription , I used the wipes again and BAM - within an hour my problem was back . Did a little googling and found an article stating that the chemical -LRB- MI -RRB- in these wipes is causing rash , lesions , etc in people and the ingredient has actually been banned from other countries . Do n't believe that because it gets the FDA approval all is good and well . I 'm not allergy prone so for this to have an effect and take two years to happen is a warning - it will break down the skin in that area over time and wreak havoc .
 I used to love these wipes . I used them all the time for that extra clean feeling down there between showers . I changed meds that caused some ... how can I say , stomach issues ... and I was going more frequently so I stepped up my usage of these . BIG MISTAKE !! Within a few months of using them I developed a horrible rash , burning , itching , discomfort and would occasionally have blood on the paper . IT WAS SCARY and PAINFUL . After reading the reviews here I discovered others were having the same problem ! Seems the chemicals here strip away your natural protection down there and cause irritation of the soft tissue and cause inflammation , irritation and ulcerous patches similar to the symptoms of hemorrhoids . After quitting these wipes cold turkey and using aBalneol Hygienic Cleansing Lotion , 3 oz.for a week my symptoms are almost gone . I ca n't even tell you how horrible these wipes made my life for a couple months.STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS !!!! Edit - Came back to tell you that after a few weeks of not using these I 'm pain and rash free . Thankfully , that long painful experience is over and I will never touch these things again . Good riddance !
 Cottonelle contains a preservative that causes contact dermatitis in those who are allergic . It is extremely uncomfortable and takes a couple of weeks to clear up after you stop using the product . If you have hypersensitivity to chemicals and need something hypoallergenic avoid this like the plague .
 I will never use these again . I am a big advocate of being cautious with what goes in a toilet , so having a granddaughter going through potty training , I bought these wipes on the claim that they are flushable . Well , I guess anything is flushable , but that does n't mean it wo n't clog your toilet . She is n't over that often , so these wipes do n't go down the toilet that often . I first noticed a slow drain , followed by overflow . Fortunately my husband could be a plumber , so we do n't have a huge bill . As I write this , my toilet is sitting in the driveway , and my husband has augered 4 wipes out of the drain , starting with the newest/cleanest at the top , then the next ones at varying depths . Our home is 20 years old , and the toilets are that age also , and this is the first toilet issue we have had . Thanks , Cottonelle . I now have a whole 2 days wasted , a big mess in my bathroom , soiled towels , and extra laundry . We are in Stage 3 drought restrictions here in our community . The city should charge you for the waste of water I have had to use .
 I 've been using these wipes for a long time , thinking they were a great solution , and did n't make a connection between them and the severe itchy rash that I developed after a while in the areas wiped ... I was suffering from the rash for many months and had no clue that these wipes are causing it ! Nothing would help to alleviate the symptoms , since I continued using the wipes , unaware that they are the culprit . It was so frustrating until I read this report which blames the chemicals/preservatives used in these wipes for creating rashes and irritation ! `` The authors of the new report , from the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , singled out one chemical -- called methylchloroisothiazolinone or MCI -- as a cause of particular concern . '' `` We voice our concern about MCI -LRB- and the related compound MI -RRB- being used as a preservative in cosmetics , industrial products , and moist toilet paper . '' `` wet wipes are a common cause of allergy . The allergens are almost always preservatives . `` Are n't you sick of all the harmful chemicals the cosmetic industry is dumping on us ??? Did you read the looooong list of chemicals that are in these wipes ? And it says on their label
 This product is way to harsh for what you would expect to use it for . It can clean the stains off you driveway but i would n't use it on any sensitive skin -LRB- again -RRB- . Does not work as well as my regular brand
 These wipes make my booty feel like I 'm sitting on a cactus . Now I rinse the wipe well before I use it , because I hate to throw them away , after paying $ 3 + for them . They feel like a wet corn husk . I will be glad when they are gone .
 I used these wipes alot . After bm and freshing up etc. . . After awhile I started itching in the butthole -LRB- used the most to wipe -RRB- Oh MY GOSH !!! Straight nasty !! I stopped using them and I got 3 packs left . I use baby wipes just to see . Itching still going on a little but easing off . . I use cottenelle wipes now just to clean my toilet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so ashamed itching like that when I thought I was clean . I have 3 dogs and I want even use them on them ! Horrible .
 DO NOT buy this product if you are lured by the ` convenience ' of a ` flushable ' wipe . These things WILL cause you significant plumbing and septic problems if you flush them , as I just found out . $ 350 later , and the Roto-Rooter technician said you should NEVER flush these things . I was duped by the advertising ... . should have known better . SHAME on Kleenex and the other manufacturers who LIE to the public and leave us to pay the consequences .
 If you want to put a flushable wipe in a pop-up container - find something else . You 'll be digging into the tub trying to re-start the pop-up flow EVERY TIME . This creates a lot of waste . They tear easily , which I expect in a `` flushable wipe . I do n't have a septic system so that does n't matter to me . The reason I gave this product one star is that the product description says you can buy these wipes in the pop-up tub or this refill pack so I assumed they were pop-up refills and they are NOT . Very frustrating and not really a returnable product .
 DO NOT use these wipes . These caused my son a terrible rash with open sores that became infected . These wipes contain a highly-allergenic preservative called MCl which should never be left on the skin !
 My tenant used `` flushable '' wipes and clogged my sewer line . Her toilet backed up and flooded the bathroom . It cost me a lot of money to get the line cleared.Sure , they 'll flush , but they can cause expensive problems .
 After using this product for over a period of time I developed serious burning , itching and pain . After reading another review on this site I realized it was caused by these wipes . I also so glad I found the review . Anyone using it should stop . It may take some time to develop this problem so , if you just started , stop !
 I was VERY hesitant to buy these in the first place having grown up with a deep respect of septic systems and their extremely expensive problems . However , I put my faith in modern technology and honest advertising and told myself that personal comfort was important too . Well , after my septic backed up into my shower -LRB- a few days after flushing a single wipe -RRB- I called Roto Rooter . The first thing the guy said was `` Did you flush any wipes ? '' I said `` No ! Well maybe 1 . '' `` That 's all it takes , '' he said . `` Just one gets hung up inside the old pipes and it 's all downhill from there . '' So my moment of comfort cost me $ 370 !
 I bought a dozen of these diapers after using Bummi 's prefolds for several months because I was looking for something a little cheaper . Well , they were and they are . I 've washed them at least 6 times now -LRB- I only had to wash the Bummis 3 times before they were `` ready for use '' -RRB- and they 're STILL not absorbing well . My son has had many leaks down the leg with them because they 're not absorbing immediately . While very soft now that they 're washed , they have gotten very wrinkly and seem like they 're not going to hold up as long as the Bummi 's Organics because the weave is less tight . I ca n't say I would recommend these . I 'm going back to buy more Bummi 's .
 i got this pack because it looked more padded than the others at babysrus . it is . the padding is great . it is super comfy.the built in sun shade is nice.i did n't expect the chest strap to fit me , they never do . i simply do n't use them or expect to use them . no biggie.in general , it is a great pack . HOWEVER , you will need another adult with you or be able to rely upon the kindness of strangers . the legs will not open or close when you are wearing it . they are locked into place -LRB- both open and closed -RRB- with a latch that is at the * top * of the V on the * outside * of the rail . in other words , the latch is * behind * your child at about his/her head level . now , maybe someone with really long arms and/or a contortionist can reach the latch * and * make it work , but , sadly , i cannot.since i got this pack to use in the airport by myself , the latch problem is a non-starter . i will be returning it . it could be the most comfortable pack on the market , and i would return it for this one issue because it is a big issue.i want to be able to put my child in , secure him , then put the pack on while it is still safely sitting somewhere -LRB- chair , table , bench , whatever -RRB- legs out . i do n't want to have to put it on while it is not supported . nor do i want to have to take it off with the legs in . i want that support there as soon as i take it off . but as it is , i have to fold the legs in before putting it on and unfold them after taking it off . NOT SAFE . -LRB- or i need to have that other adult around to help me do it . -RRB- i would give this item a higher rating but the support legs are a big issue in my book .
 I received this pack recently and had numerous complaints :1 . The sternum strap does n't even come close to closing . I have a chest and the strap would n't close below my chest or above it .2 . My shoulders were killing me within minutes . Could be that the sternum strap provides the extra support needed to take the strain off of the shoulders3 . The button for the stand deployment is at the top of the backpack and there is absolutely no way to close the stand when putting the pack on and no way to deploy it while wearing the pack -LRB- unless you have someone with you to do it for you -RRB- . I tried again and again to deploy it while wearing the pack and there is just no way to do it . This is dangerous.This backpack went back immediately!I returned it and got the Cross Terrain Carrier by Evenflo . It is comfortable , fits nicely on me -LRB- the sternum strap fits too -RRB- and the baby and the kickstand is easy to deply and has a pull cord to retract it , once the pack is on .
 We bought this a few months ago for our 1 year old daughter . I had an off brand carrier with my son and loved it , so I thought this would be even better . Wrong . My shoulders ache 5 minutes after putting it on . Even my husband , who is strong and has a high pain tolerance , ca n't wear it for longer than 30 minutes.Because my daughter 's feet can reach the bottom of the frame , she tends to stand up and wiggle out of the straps . I hate that I 'm constantly having to tell her to sit down . I listed it on Craigslist and I 'm going to purchase something different .
 I was tempted by the price of this pack , but as a hiker , I should have known better . A quality pack should have a wide , padded strap that sits on the hips and distributes weight to the lower half of the body . The pack should feel like it is perched on your hips and holds itself up . With this one , the weight was all on my shoulders , pulling me down . After a few minutes my fingers were tingling from poor circulation , and after 30 minutes , my shoulders were absolutely killing me . Also , my child 's head was several inches lower than mine , even though she is a very tall 14-month-old , so she was looking at the back of my head . I returned it immediately , but could not do so by mail because once you snap the back into place , there is no way to collapse it , so it wo n't go back in the box . I had to return it to a store and got store credit instead of my money back . I now realize that to get a really good pack I 'll probably need to go through a hiking company rather than a baby company . It will cost a lot more but it will be worth it .
 I was going to order this backpack but wanted to try it out first . I went to a local store with a friend and tried this thing out . The sternum strap would not even snap over my chest ... I have an average build but have a chest ... and it would ` nt reach . My friend tried it also and had the same problem . I would suggest that if you are interested in this carrier you find one and try it on first or it could be a costly mistake .
 I placed this order on July 25th , Amazon 's estimated delivery date is Aug 18th-25th . I contacted BabyAge , and my order wont be sent until the 6th of Sept. . Very disappointed !
 I am packaging this stool up after one trial use by my daughter.First of all , the seat was defective - it is supposed to be glued down but it came off of its four tiny pegs when I tried to pick it up . That would be an easy fix and something I would n't even complain about if the item as a whole was worth keeping.The back of the chair that `` flips '' down to make the step is my main complaint - it is n't level with the bottom of the chair ! Meaning , it hovers over the ground and when my 2 year old stepped on it to climb up on the potty she nearly took a header backwards when the entire stool tipped.Furthermore it slides all over the floor , having no traction pads on the bottom . An easy fix , I suppose , but just added to my ire.What a waste of time and money . I 'm returning it for the white plastic Bjorn stool - sturdy , non-slip , and a quality company .
 A nice little stool for kids , however , after only one day of use , I had to reinforce all the glued and stapled joints with screws !
 I should have listened to the reviews on this one as they were not too high ! It is very cheap , more for a dollar store ! The only thing sesame street about it is a big sticker on the front , big deal ... . It never closes tight and the wipes dry out all the time ! Very very poor item , unusal for Amazon as I buy so much from Amazon and eveything is always great ! Not this item , do n't waste your money !
 If I had been able to see this in person before I bought it , I would n't have paid $ 0.99 , let along $ 8.99 . It does n't stay closed - there is n't a latch or anything . Without a rubber band to hold it closed , this thing is completely useless . AVOID !!
 Only works if camera is right next to the monitor . It looks like the manufacturer was just kidding intending this to work more than 2 steps away from each other . Nothing more than an expensive night light .
 I actually had a hard time keeping the flowers clipped on many places like the bookshelf and crib . They would flop over . The nightlight is awful . Goes on and off all night long which woke my kids up and frightened them.I loved the actual camera and video display ... at first . Mine completely died for no reason after only 6 weeks . I did send it back and they sent me a new one but the new one is junk that only works when it wants to . Not spending another $ 11 to send it back yet again .
 These really feel like someone took a napkin and slightly dampened it ; way too hard / -LRB- crispy ? -RRB- and dry . They do not make me smell clean or for that matter feel clean .
 We found this to be comfortable for our child as she went from infant to toddler . However , it is a pain to clean . It is very difficult to get in by the armrests and in the seat cushion . Once we removed the cushion it never snapped on correctly . The cushion did not hold up well at all . It ripped in several places , and the replacements are expensive . A higher end cushion is almost half the prce of the chair .
 Bad points
 I had high hopes for this product due to very good reviews and all the supposedly beneficial ingredients . It made my skin burn a bit right after applying it , however that part was tolerable and the burning disappeared quickly.While the cream does seem to moisturize my skin somewhat it also enlarged my pores and enhanced many problems I wanted to get rid of such as scars and broken capillaries . I also noticed more new large `` pores '' or what appears to be new dented scars/areas all over my face the morning after . I gave it another chance the second night , only to wake up to even more new pores and dented scars . I wo n't risk my face to further damages so I had to stop using it . Very unhappy and disappointed !
 way too thick . and leaves an orange residue on face . not a high quality product . their hyaloronic night cream is way better
 I do n't know about those two rave reviews - do NOT expect anything magical to happen with this cream . At least that 's been my experience . It 's nothing special for the price .
 I like this diaper bag , though I would n't really call it a diaper bag . It 's more of a big insulated lunch bag . The dimentions posted in the description are accurate , but look at a ruler first , do n't eyeball it like I did . This bag will be great for short trips to the zoo or park , but not a long day or overnight trip . It 's well made and has several pockets for a wallet , keys , etc. . I probably would n't have gotten it if I 'd realized just how small it is , but i 'm keeping it because it 's cute and will do the job until baby gets bigger .9 / 3/2011 - UPDATE - this bag fell apart at the seams after only a few months of light use . Do n't waste your money . One star .
 My son loves this mobile . He stares at it and smiles and laughs . The disappointing thing about this item is that now the song no longer plays . I have replaced the batteries twice and it still does not work . The mobile will spin and one button works so the blue light and the nature sound comes on . However , it was the song that my son loved . We have not used this item very often . Maybe only a few times a day during diaper changes or before a nap or bedtime . We have only had it a couple of months . I am very disappointed that it does not work after such short period oftime .
 I bought it on base and ended up taking it back ... It 's heavy and the caracters are only attached byt a little unstable piece of velcro ... Also mine did n't work ...
 Tthe cup holder is to big and bulky for a normal stroller . After my son completed his first birthday I decided to buy him a Maclaren Quest . Since the Quest does n't bring a cup holder I decided to buy one . When it came by mail I immediately noticed it was too big and I put it away .
 We have a Quinny and a Maclaren -LRB- Volo -RRB- and this cup holder is wayyyy too big . I know now that `` Universal '' does not indeed mean that . I am assuming this only fits a Bugaboo . It doesnt hold a cup of coffee in a paper cup . Its basically an over priced water bottle holder . Dont waste your money ...
 I bought this after reading the amazon reviews a about how great it was ... You ca n't put anything without a cap in here because it will spill . It also does n't stand upright it twirls around on the handle bar causing things to spill further . Waste of money
 SPILLS YOUR DRINKS !!! FLIMSY . DOES N'T STAY PUT . FLIPS.STUPID.YOU END UP HOLDING YOUR DRINK IN YOUR HANDS . DID I MENTION IT SPILLS ???
 This product is neither `` universal '' nor a `` cup holder '' . It did n't fit well either of my strollers , so I was afraid to use it . Disappointed to say the least . Gon na have to train the little one to carry my hot coffee ! LOL .
 I purchased this for my Maclaren stroller and I hated it . It would not hold my drink upright and got in the way when I folded the stroller . I ended up splurging and getting the Maclaren organizer .
 I did n't like this cup holder at all . I have a valco stroller -LRB- and like it -RRB- and I could n't get the cup holder tight on the stroller . It 's not easy to get a coffee cup in and out either . I know there has to be a better cup holder out there . Additionally , I hardly think since it does n't fit on a Valco stroller that it could even remotely be considered universal . Poorly played , valco .
 Just bought a Joovy Groove . needed a mom cup holder that could accommodate more than a thin water bottle . Tried the Liquid Holster in store , did n't fit . Bought this , it does n't fit . We also thought it would be hard to fit a short lidded cup in it without the upper handles pushing off the lid . Going to return .
 I bought this product because of the good reviews , however , I was very disappointed upon receiving it . I noticed that the plastic it is made of was of very poor quality as soon as I opened it . Also , I have an UppaBaby Vista stroller , and the fit is TERRIBLE . My husband tried to adjust it , and still it kept moving around . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I 'm sure there are much better cup holders out there .
 I do n't recommend this nipple because my son had a struggle sucking out of it . I poked holes in this thing to help get more air in it , but the nipple material just was n't cut out for it .
 Hi , after reading tons of reviews I bought the AR cosleeper over the mini pack and play newborn to make sure our new baby boy would be comfy and close . Well , a blessing in disguise my husband broke it trying to put up the rail as the buttons are under fabric that can not be pulled back so are very difficult to feel and intuit how they work . Ok maybe he was overzealous -LRB- read rough -RRB- but he 's generally very patient and is great at assembly things . Having a baby will test that skill ... So tail between legs he promised he 'd replace it next day . Instead he came back with The First Years bassinet to my tepid reception as I 'd really wanted a cosleeper . Well , TFYs bassinet also attaches to the bed , it detaches from badjustable bed height base so you can bring baby to another room without waking , has music and ambient noise , nightlight , vibration option , and sits up if you like . I could n't be happier which is why I 'm writing reviews under cosleepers as I wish I 'd known about this.And it 's prettier . Differences are you need to sit up to pick up baby , and it 's a bit smaller so goes to 3 months instead of 4 but we plan on using crib then anyway .
 We borrowed one of these from friends to use with our newborn and I hate it so much that I considered buying one just so that I could destroy it.The side does not drop down far enough to be useful for breastfeeding , and the bed attachment mechanism is wonky . Also , the fit and finish is terrible , and the fabric smells like plastic . My wife pinched a nerve in her hip doing the strange yoga move required to get the baby out of this thing without getting out of bed . Ultimately we moved it away from the bed so that she can simply stand up and pick the baby up , which turns out to be considerably easier and less painful.If you hired a team of mechanical engineers to design the world 's worst folding mechanism , you could do no better than the team who conceived and produced this . There are 7 gazillion moving parts , some of which hinge , some of which slide , and some of which zip . The hinges are hidden behind fabric and require an enormous amount of pressure on a very small area -LRB- ~ 3mm circular -RRB- to unlatch.Lest you think this is hyperbole , take as an example the manufacturer 's ** 22 PAGE ** instructions on how to fold down the bassinet :[ ... -RSB- Run far away , then buy a $ 50 Fisher Price Snug-A-Bunny .
 I bought this based on looks recomendations and description . What I got was a glorified pack n play bassinet type thing . The only difference is the side is down on one side to allow you to roll over and pat your baby . I was expecting an extension essentially to my bed with both mine and the baby 's matress at the same height this is not so . So I still have to pull her out of her bed abd put her in mine to nurse and then wake her up to put her back in . Plus I have a 4 poster bed with rails down each side at the base of my matress so the sleeper does not push up flush to the bed as it said they should warn about this .
 Ok , when I bought i thought it was the best thing I 've ever bought in my whole life , baby loved the mattress , I loved the mattress -LRB- firm but comfortable -RRB- and he slept like never before -LRB- colicky baby -RRB- I loved being able to look at my baby and see him breath . I loved the fact that is was small and portable.BUT my baby outgrew it by the time he was 1 month and a half ... and only 201/2 inches !!! as soon as he started to move around his bassinet , he got his head stuck in one of the sides of the co-sleeper perpendicular to his body -LRB- i though he had broken his neck !! -RRB- I exchanged it for the Original version of this co-sleeper and I love it again . . it is not portable as the mini , does not have wheels , it is not as eady to assemble , and definitely not light , but my baby still loves it , the mattress is still awesome and my baby sleeps through the night and he is only 3 months ...
 We bought this for our second child so he could sleep near me in the early months . I tired it attached to the bed for the `` co-sleeping '' position , but it did n't leave any room for me to get out of bed , which is difficult enough in the early weeks . I also found that I needed to get up myself as often as the baby needed to eat , so it did n't help at all to have the co sleeper attached to my bed . Since this feature is the only thing that really differentiates the arm 's reach co-sleeper from any other bassinet , I really do n't think it 's any better . In fact , I 'm getting it ready for my third child and found it extremely difficult to assemble and adjust . Also , the excessive amount of velcro on the sheets and cover make them very annoying to wash . The velcro sticks to everything . Bottom line , you 're no better off with this than any other kind of safe bassinet . In fact , I wish we had bought a cradle . When baby stirs in the night , you could just reach out and rock him back to sleep for a little longer before he can fully wake up .
 Just went to the ER today after I found my 4 month old with his face wedged in the corner.When I picked him up he was blue . -LRB- He is fine now but I am getting rid of the co-sleeper ! -RRB- This co-sleeper is not safe once they can wiggle around at all . My 4 month old can not roll over yet.In the past couple of days he began kicking his legs enough to move himself around.I believe his ability to move himself around coupled with the co-sleeper 's corner that is NOT mesh contributedto this horrible event . He could have died !
 It is nice having my daughter right there next to me and I do n't have to worry about rolling over on her . I must say though , she hates it ! The mattress is so hard I may as well lay her on my floor . She just tosses and turns and grunts . Her poor little head just looks so uncomfortable ! and the side of the mattress closest to my bed kind of sinks down and she ends up rolling over and sliding down with her face right up against the side of the sleeper ! I also do n't like how there is a million pieces of velcro everywhere . Good idea but needs much improvement .
 This co-sleeper has a lot of positive reviews , and from what I could see it was a sturdy well-built item that must be convenient for many parents.However , I am sensitive to chemicals and right after we opened the package I became violently ill from the odor . I have not been this sick from a chemical smell in at least a year , and we have purchased many other new items since . Given how sick it made me , I would never want that type of smell near my newborn baby.If you do buy this item , air it out for at least a day or two before you bring it anywhere near your baby .
 I own this exact style and color and it does n't work for my baby and I. I think in order to use this kind of carrier , you have to know the exact measurements of it in order to buy the one which fits your body type as a glove , otherwise it 's so impossible to adjust or to put it on . My daughter also is not comfortable in it at all -LRB- especially her neck and as you can see in the model picture
 THEY SHOW THIS AS BEING PINK , THEY CALL IT PINK BUT IT 'S MORE OF A PURPLE .
 I purchased this stroller for my newborn twins . I like that it has a cup holder , but make sure when you use it that you are on a very smooth surface or have a spill free lid . It does have a convenient storage space for parents . It is smooth to push and turns well for such a big stroller . My biggest complaint is when using the infant carriers . They snap in easily , but the rear carrier always sticks when trying to remove it . I have struggled with the handle being completely stuck and almost lifting the stroller right off the ground -LRB- with two babies in it -RRB- while wiggling and shaking trying to dislodge the stuck clip . This is particularily frustrating being that when using the infant carriers the seat backs must be reclined , making it impossible to access the basket -LRB- which is quite big and very convenient when you can access it -RRB- . So everytime I need to access my diaper bag I need to remove that sticky rear carrier . I have run into another mother of twins who complained of the very same issues -LRB- or I would have thought perhaps my duoglider just had a defect -RRB- . I do feel however , that once my twins outgrow the carriers I will find this stroller more convenient and easier to use . It is very big and heavy though , and I have not found a car trunk it will fit in yet . Overall , I would not recommend this stroller to someone who needs to put both infant carriers in at a time or for a person who does not own a truck or minivan .
 I bought these bins for my daughters room . I love the idea of being able to stack them or lay them out , but when I assembled them I discovered that the green canvas bin was defective . The tabs are too short causing the bag to stretch and immediately began to tear the stitching . Then I discovered the blue bag must of missed quality control because one tab is completely off center . Since I had already assembled the bins I did n't want to return them to Toys ` r ` us so instead decided to call Delta for replacement parts . BIG MISTAKE , They have no product model # on their instructions . The guy said that we could not `` be on the same page '' with out it , so I said can I look it up on the web or call the store and he said no . The only way he could help me was for me to take pictures of the problems and my receipt and email him everything . Although I think this is a huge hassal , I do it anyways , now I have heard no response from the company . I like the bins , but this is a very disorganized , unreliable company . It took me over a week to get a hold of them and now we have resolved nothing . If you decide to buy the product , check your canvas bags before assembly and return to toys ` r ` us if their is a problem . Do not bother with Delta .
 After seeing this online , I thought it might be good for storage . I went looking for it at Toys R Us to make my decision . It looks tiny . I do n't see how it could hold more than three small toys . It looks like a waste of money .
 I bought 2 of them , and none of them worked . Dont waste your money , its a waste of time , and money you get for what you pay for .
 You get what you pay for with these receiving blankets . Low quality and poor customer service . I received all blue -LRB- no yellow or pink -RRB- like the other customer . Customer service will not exchange for another color .
 Found an exactly same one in Target which is $ 10.00 cheaper !!
 I do n't normally post reviews , but was very disappointed by this product . First , the fabric is horrible - cheap and scratchy . I did n't think it was soft enough to put my baby tummy down , which is part of the purpose of these toys . Second , the product does not seem safe . The bar is very unstable and while I do n't see any major complications arising from the bar coming down on the baby , the product is just poorly made . There are better products out there ...
 We bought this for our now 22 month old . He did n't really care for it , but our almost 3 month old son loves it . Unfortunately , when he bats or grabs onto the toys the whole bar tips over ! We tried putting it into the crib and latching the velcro onto the bars , but it 's just a little too short to latch both sides . So now we 're stuck with a toy that baby loves , but requires someone to sit there and hold it in place . It 's driving me insane !
 I received this as a gift and from the beginning had problems with the toy bar staying up , staying in place , and toys falling off . My son is almost 2 months old and he 's not exactly pulling on the toys or the toy bar . All he has to to is wave an arm or flex a leg for the entire play bar to fall or disassemble . Very not safe !!!
 Someone gave this to my daughter for Christmas . Its cute but not safe for my baby . The bar falls right on her , they toys wont stay on the links without even being touched , and its small . Baby barely moved and was off of the mat . Total waste of money .
 We received this item as a gift when our son was born and were not very happy with it for three reasons . One , it was very small . Our son , who was a small 6 pounder fit on the mat but there was not room at all to move . Two , the material was very difficult to keep clean . Three , the top portion with the hanging toys kept falling on my sons head . I would not recommend this to anyone . The one positive is that my son did like the little hanging monkey . We kept it and got rid of the rest .
 The bar that holds the toys on it falls over and will hardly ever stand up straigh . It is convient to carry but you have to hold the bar or place a pillow so it does not fal over
 I like that this item is a cute play mat that zips up for easy storage . The part I dislike most is that the activity bar does not stay standing-the mat is so lightweight that only with adequate weight on the mat does the activity bar partially stand . kinda defeats the purpose !
 Thankfully I got this second hand at a a great discount , but I still feel like it was a waste of money ! The rounded bar support for the toys is not stable and falls over which I do n't need to explain why that is such a poor design for infants . Save your money and pay extra for a product that is safe for your child .
 Length :
 We bought this playmat for our daughter and we have the same problems with the bar popping out and hitting our baby . She likes to play on it , but gets so scared everytime she kicks the bar and it pops out . Also , I think the toys are positioned too high . My 4 month old can barely reach them . Also , we have to lay her more towards the bottom for her to really even be able to see the toys . I do love how it zippers closed and is easy to transport . However , overall , I would not recommend this particular mat .
 I have to say that there is only one thing I like about this play mat and that is the zip up feature . Other than that ... I hate it and I am so glad I did not pay for this!The Good : - The zip up feature - but after a wash or two the zipper starts sticking and becomes a pain to zip up.The Bad : - The arch is light as can be and totally flimsy ... it keeps falling over onto my babies face !!! This alone is enough for me to veto this mat . - The colors fade after just one wash - The toys are totally BORING and so is the pattern . The toy arch has nothing engaging about the colors or the solid blue pattern . - Not engaging at all for babies ... mine actually cries when I put her in it , verses the other play mat by Tiny Love she LOVES and stay in it happily until I get her . - The way you attached the arch is not easy and honestly ... it is stupid how it is designed . - The size of this mat is small compared to our other Tiny Love one which is about 4x 's the size . - The photo makes it look at soft and cushy ... but it is not . One wash and it flattens completely out . - The toy arch is so light that the baby can literally push it over once crawling starts so add that to the size of the mat and that makes this mat only good for about 5 months ... once your baby is mobile this mat is out ... not to mention that once they try to use the zipper as toy it can become dangerous ... which lead me too ... - If you have older siblings around toddler age they will try to play with the zipper feature of the mat . Not good when -LRB- like my two year old -RRB- they can zip their finger by accident . - Not only is it small but it is so small that your baby will not be able to roll over on it . The toy arch will stop them from rolling over which is a big milestone that you do not want to inhibit . Also most do not want their baby rolling off onto the floor.I am sure I could find more reason why you should run away from this product but I think I have spend enough time on this poorly designed , majorly flawed , joke of a play mat . We have two Tiny Love Play Mats and LOVE LOVE LOVE them . Spend the extra 30.00 ... it is worth it beyond words . One of our Tiny Love mats is 6 years old and still works great , colors are as vibrant as the day we bought it and our 2 year old still plays with it !
 I received this as a baby shower present . I liked the look of the mat . The worm 's head has some padding so baby 's head is n't on the hard floor , the colors are very nice , and the toys keep her entertained . The reason for the low rating is because this toy must be used under adult supervision . The bar that holds the toys over baby constantly pops out or falls over . If they can swat at or kick the toys -LRB- the whole reason for the gym -RRB- the bar and hard plastic toys will fall on the baby 's head or pop out of the holder completely and scare them . When I put her in the mat I try to get other things done around the house , but I ca n't do that with this toy as I fear she will get hurt . I wish I had received another sturdier gym like the baby einstein one . Even though they are more expensive , you do n't have to worry about baby getting hurt and you do n't have to lay on the floor the whole time .
 I thought this was really cute when I received it at my baby shower . However , when I put it together and tried using it the tube kept flying up in the air like the snakes out of the can trick . I took it back and was glad that someone also got me the Baby Einstein one , which I love .
 This toy does n't stay together well . After a couple of uses the base gets flimsy after folding it up and the bar flops either back or forward , causing the toys to be out of reach and out of vision . This toy ois designed for a child who is ready to track and grab , but the toys are out of reach . I had to buy longer toys to get my child interested in it enough to try to reach for the others , but he would freak out when the bar flopped out of useable reach . I replaced it with the fisher price aquarium wonders model . This one is WAY better for the extra $ 10 . It has 2 bars , one for kicking , or just reverse the baby when he gets bored . Plus it has a great tummy time set up and way more durable .
 My son did n't really like the toys . He was n't interested and could n't reach them . However , he really like the lil pillow at the top . So he naps on it now . -LRB- 2 months old -RRB-
 I used this toy because it was something easy to travel with . We were taking the baby on a week-long trip and wanted to make sure to have a toy that would keep him entertained . The toy was definitely amusing to him . He loved the colors and the toys that dangled from the bar . It was compact enough and lightweight enough that I could throw it in the suitcase . But like many other readers have described , there 's nothing to hold the bar in place . The bar and the plastic piece easily pop out . The purpose of the toy was to entertain my son safely while I gathered needed items for the day . Unfortunately , I felt like with this toy , it was inappropriate to have the baby out of my sight for even seconds.I wanted to love this toy , but I just did n't .
 I got this for our LO because the baby gym was one of the items from our registry/shower that we did n't receive . I figured he would not really need anything special until he can grab at them , etc at first so this would be fine . I was wrong , the hippo is cute and my LO does like to stare at the hanging animals but it a piece of junk , the bar falls over forward and if I was not sitting there watching him it would hit my LO in the head ! It is nice that it all zippers into itself but overall I would say to take the $ 20 and put it towards one of the $ 50 play mats like the tiny love mat or the FP rain forest one that seem to be safer and have great reviews .
 My baby loves this play mat . But the bar is not sturdy and has to be put back up every few minutes . It just kinda starts to lean and slowly goes down . I do n't think it 's unsafe . Unless you are hanging sharp or heavy objects from the bar , which is not what it comes with . The toys are cute and my baby loves it , I just wish the bar for the toys would stay up ! I do like the portability factor , that really is one of the best features . I zip a few extra toys in with it and carry it where i need to go with baby .
 I bought this product for my 2mos old granddaughter . I received the package right away no damage etc. . Problem I had is that the bar with the toys is too heavy & does n't have a stable base so it leans forward or backwards & I 'm afraid if I 'm not there holding it up that it will fall on my granddaughters face.Will be returning & searching for a more sturdy product .
 I LOVE THE IDE ABOUT THE TOY HOWEVER THE BAR IS NOT SAFE . THERE IS NO WAY TO KEEP IT IN PLACE AND FALLS OVER OR POPS OUT . THERE IS TWO STRAPS ON THE ENDS OF THE BARS BUT NO IDEA WHAT THEY ARE FOR OTHER THAT TO BE THERE . I LOVE THE FOLD UP DESIGN EASY TO STORE WOULD HOWEVER BE A MORE EFFCIENT PRODUCT IF THE BAR WOULS STAY IN PLACE
 Really poor construction whenever my son bats at the toys the arch bends over and falls down . Not safe we are returning it .
 My daughter is now 4 months old and has had fun playing with this gym , she is now loving pulling on the flower and hearing it play music . But , I also have the problem with the arch popping out constantly . I 'm surprised with the reviewer who has n't had a problem - I ca n't figure out a way that it wo n't do this . Also , my older daughter was playing with the baby , leaned on this and broke one of the support pieces on the bottom . I like the idea of this really cute gym , but would n't recommend it to others .
 We received this play mat as a gift and I am so glad that we did n't spend a dime on it ! Although inexpensive in comparison , this play mat is n't worth the money . My daughter can easily kick the overhead bar and it will go flying from the mat . The toys are way too high for her to reach , and she has not gotten any use out of them . Yes , it 's cute , but that is the only positive feature of this product!Spend the extra money and get Tiny Love 's `` Gymini 3-D Activity Gym '' from Babies `` R '' Us . Both of my children have loved it !
 My daughter has not been injured by the bar popping out but does seem to get frusterated with it , I ca n't believe honestly that they would design something for a baby this way . She also gets very frusterated by how high the toys are -LRB- virtually unreachable -RRB- and she has very long arms and legs for a baby her age . I have posted a picture of my baby after the bar popped out on her , she does n't look thrilled . The gym was a gift so I am not out any money but I sure do not think it is worth anyone spending money on even if it is inexpensive .
 This toy can only be used with ABSOLUTE supervison . The activity bar continuously pops out . It will catapult many feet from the playmat if kicked just right . It has so far scared my 4 month-old , hit the dog , and knocked over many things . HOWEVER , my 4 month-old loves to bat the toys . I only recommend this item for babies who do not kick much .
 I am not fond of this item . The arch falls over repeatedly and I am constantly try to put it back up . When this happens my son ends up kicking the toys instead of being able to look at them and grab them . Not satisfied at all !
 It looks good in the picture . When I received it and put it together , the bar kept falling . How can a baby play with the toys without making it fall apart ? It was very unstable and flimsy . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The bar tips over ... even with the plastic stabilizer pieces spread out ... though that helps a little . The bar also pops out of the plastic holders . I tied it down , but we still have the tipping and wobbling problems . It 's that horrible snaggy fabric that catches dry hands , too . It does zip around to close , which is good . The toys are lame and if you put your own toys on it is too heavy . The fabric rings that go around the bar are hard to move , they should velcro around . The rings they use have too big of a gap and the toy falls off sometimes . It was a gift , I would n't buy one . Just by looking at it you can tell it is going to be tippy . It 's really only useful before the baby can move , when , of course , they are way too little for it . But seriously , go for one of the ones with the X type design , those are bound to be more stable . My son did have fun trying to kick it over with his feet -- which was pretty easy , so there 's something to be said for that . Do n't put a baby that ca n't move much under it though , that bar could fall on its face and smother it . Not likely , but it could happen .
 I bought this thinking it would be a good option as a small playmat for my baby . But the arch DOES NOT STAY UPRIGHT . It would fall over right on my baby 's face . It was completely unusable and I returned it after 2 days . Do n't waste your money .
 This play mat just sucks . My son got it for Christmas . I returned it within the week . The fabric is cheap , the toys are n't anything special , and it is n't sturdy . AT ALL . Everytime he would bat at a toy the toy bar would come crashing down onto him , and he was playing very gently . I tried repeatedly to balance the mat and toy bar `` just so '' so that it would n't fall , to no avail.And the advertisement that you can attach the toy bar to the crib ? Well , i 'm a pretty intelligent adult and I could never get it to stay attached to a crib without looking really tacky.I returned it and bought the fisher price precious planet play mat that has three bars that connect in the middle for about $ 35 and have had no issues with it . It has alot more toys , collapses well too , and is ALOT better quality.So , for $ 15 dollars more , my son has a better quality toy that he can enjoy without getting bonked and me having to hold the toy bar up so it wo n't hit hom in the face .
 We bought this bag for a trip to Italy . After our first flight we found that the entire seam on the handle side had torn open exposing our whole stroller . Also there were holes worn through the bottom of the bag exposing the wheels . We continued to use the bag on the next 6 flights of our journey but had to get a luggage band to wrap around it to hold it together.For all of our layovers the airlines didnt realize that we needed it since it didnt LOOK like a strollerm and the airport employees arent paid to read that it says GATE CHECK , so we ended up wasting a ton of time at each layover trying to figure out where our stoller was , and even using rental strollers at the airports.I have not contacted the company yet , but I intend to . In the future I will purchase something more durable .
 We used the bag ONE time and it ripped , after the flight to FL we went to retrieve the gate check bag only to find the seams coming apart/ripped . I would advise that you spend extra money on a QUALITY product ...
 Bought this for a recent trip and was determined to prove the other bad reviews wrong . Unfortunately , the bag failed me too ! It tore after just the first leg of our trip . I 'm returning it as the seams are not sewn very well and your stroller will tear through the material . Good idea , but poor material and construction .
 This is a very good size for any umbrella stroller and stores in its own zip pocket when not in use . However , it did n't even last one trip . We flew from NYC to London and upon arrival , this bag was ripped completely at the bottom and the toggle pull had broken off . Very disappointed ! I did n't expect it to last forever based on it 's cheap price but surely it should last more than one trip !! I 'd recommend this if you want a protective bag for storing your stroller in your car trunk or garage but definitely not for airline travel . Spend the extra and get a heavy duty , padded one for airline travel .
 Bought this because it was inexpensive . I got what I paid for . It tore on the fourth flight that we took with it -LRB- gate checked for all four flights -RRB- . I recommend spending a little more for a bag made with a more durable material .
 This did not fit my Chicco Trevi stroller . We used it on one leg of the flight but it was more trouble than it was worth . Airline handled my stroller just fine without it , save your money .
 Got this bag for my kid 's umbrella stroller to take on trips . Good size , covers the stroller pretty well and mine is a relatively mid/large size umbrella stroller . The tie-string and handle are well made and feel durable . However , like the other reviews mentioned , the bag material is not very thick , therefore tear easily . After the first 1.5 hour plane ride , it already got a 2-3 inch tear near where the bottom wheels are . -LRB- only via gate-check , not baggage claim . -RRB- I 'm duck-taping the hole for now . Still usable , but I do n't expect it last for more than 3-4 more trips . If the material is little more durable , it would 've been a very good bag.Also , the storage pouch is a bit too small . The bag will fit in the pouch if it 's folded nicely and air-tight . If you are in a hurry and just stuff the bag into the pouch -LRB- like they showed in the video on the manufacture website -RRB- , good luck zipping it up.I would buy it again if it 's about $ 5 , just use it as a few-time-use disposable bag .
 I just bought this last week and it did n't even hold up for the first leg of our flight !! I received it at the gate and it was torn from one end to the other along the seam . It was completely unusable after that . I read the other reviews and figured it might be a gamble ... glad I only paid $ 12 for it ! Not worth your effort , try another brand .
 I have read the reviews here , and think that there must be a VAST disparity in the quality of manufacture of these bags . The reviews indicate that they either seem to hold up just fine OR tear immediately . If you look carefully , it seems like there 's a 50/50 chance of getting a good or bad bag . Not great odds!We purchased three of these to hold three lightweight umbrella strollers - two Combis and a Kinderwagon - that were going to be checked as baggage . We loaded the first one into the bag and discovered that it was nowhere near long enough to cover the stroller . We thought , `` well , that 's okay , the handles will stick out ... '' and then when we went to lift the stroller by the handle on the bag , the stitching along two of the bag seams completely gave way and shredded immediately . We never even got the stroller into the car , let alone to the baggage check ! We did n't even unpack the other two bags . I 've sent them back to Amazon , who have agreed to fully refund my money , but that still left us with no protection for the strollers . Very disappointing.Someone has recommended that we try the Sunshine Kids bag instead . In hindsight , maybe I should have `` splurged '' the extra $ 3 and just gotten these in the first place . Here 's the link
 This bag got a hole in it the first time I used it , it is made with very thin material . The zipper that closes the pouch that you store it in does n't work . I plan to return it .
 This was very useful , until it ripped after the 3rd time we used it.Material is thin and susceptible to rips and tears .
 While the bright red color makes it impossible for baggage handlers to miss seeing the bag , the actual product is flimsy . We had burst seams on the second flight .
 Purchased the stroller bag for our newly purchased stroller for a vacation trip -LRB- plane -RRB- to Florida . The bag RIPPED at the seam during the trip before we even had a chance to use the stroller . I 'd pass on this product . Live without the bag or find another manufacturer .
 The bag fit my maclaren stroller perfectly . It did protect it on the plane it was filthy when we got it back . Unfortunately one of the seams ripped , I feel that happened pretty quick . But I am glad all the dirt and oil is not on my stroller .
 Other reviewers were right - this bag rips easily . We used it for our First Years umbrella stroller and when we sat it at the gate to be taken by the baggage handlers , we saw it had already ripped . Once we arrived at our destination we were able to sew it back up and it did not rip any further on the return trip . It is a nice roomy bag and we were able to stuff an extra blanket and our baby carrier in the bag as well . We 'll use it on the next trip and see how it continues to hold up .
 This is a nice little bag . Nothing special , just a bag , handle , and a drawstring mouth.It lasted just one trip . On the way back , it was puntured and has a gaping hole in the side.Very overpriced for what it really is . I think I 'm going to make my own with some rip-stop nylon fabric and 2 minutes on the sewing machine .
 Its silly that this bag is so flimsy and not made to withstand travel , when ironically this is exactly what it is supposed to do . It worked okay overall , it protected the stroller and kept it together . However , after the very first use , when we got it back from the airline it had a huge tear on the bottom area . I do n't know what they did to it but I feel like the product should stand up to wear and tear better . Is n't that what its for ?
 We only used this bag once ... it ripped on our very first use . It is not worth the money . Avoid .
 I purchased one of these for my MacLaren stroller so it would n't get dirty in the cargo hold when I gate checked it . During the flight from San Diego to Syracuse they thing was basically destroyed . A 6 inch hole had been created at the seam on the side of the bag and the fabric had started falling apart -LRB- all the threads separating -RRB- . Luckily where I was going I had access to a sewing machine and I reinforced all the seams and repaired the hole -LRB- a tight fit getting the stroller back in the bag -RRB- . That did n't really help though it got destroyed , same thing with the fabric fraying at the seams , on the way back and I had to throw it away . At least by buying it online I saved a few bucks . They are not made to last though so do n't get too upset when it does n't .
 It protected the stroller , but the bag itself was ripped open after one trip -LRB- with 4 flights -RRB- . I reviewed the car seat bag the same way and I recommend trying to tape up the bottom or corners beforehand or somehow reinforce the bag because the luggage people will drag it and it is n't built for it .
 We purchased this bag to gate check our very light weight umbrella stroller . When we picked our stroller up after the 1st short flight -LRB- We had 3 to get to our final destination -RRB- , there was a huge tear along the seam of the bag and a hole at the bottom . After our 2nd flight , it was much worse , and by the time we got to our final destination , the bag was useless . We were glad our stroller was covered , as the bag did protect it from getting dirty , -LRB- but we could have done that for free with a trash bag -RRB- . I wish we 'd spent a little more and gotten a nicer stroller bag that will last . I can not recommend this product .
 If you think you want to buy this bag ... just go to the trash can and throw your money in it ! This Bag is WORTHLESS !!! The plastic bag the Airline gives you holds up better than this , and thats being checked in as baggage . This bag ripped open the first flight being GATE CHECKED , we threw it in the trash . Its so thin and flimsy that I 'm surprised it did n't rip when we put the stroller in it . Do n't WASTE your money !!
 The draw string on this bag ripped the very first time I used it . It also did not completey cover the umbrella stroller . I would not recommend this product .
 Only was able to use this bag once . It had a huge gaping tear in it when I picked up the stroller at the gate . Do n't buy if you expect it to last .
 Great in theory but after two flights it is torn . Not sure why or how it could tear so easily but it did . Buy a better quality one , this will end up being more expensive because it wo n't last and you will have to replace it .
 This is the worst stroller bag ... It rips very easily made of very cheap material do n't waste your time on buying this !!!!
 This product is made of very cheap nylon , ripped on first use , did n't even make it to our destination before ripping ... might as well just check the stroller and risk it as is ... not worth the effort .
 Do n't buy this bag for your stroller , , a waste of money !! it was made with cheap material and was ripped after the first time it was gate checked at the airport which is what it was sold to be . Upon returning home the bottom of the bag was nearly completely all ripped up ... very poor construction . . DO NOT PURCHASE !!
 This bag started ripping even before we took off . The seams are so weak it pulled apart as soon as we put the stroller in it ... and the stroller is a lightweight umbrella stroller . By the time we got to our destination it was ripped in at least 3 different places and about half of the stroller was exposed . What a waste of money !
 I bought this for a two week vacation where we would be flying to multiple locations . The stroller fit into the bag fine . It was awkward to carry and it tore after the first flight . It was just a little tear , no big deal . By the second flight the stroller was hanging out of the bag through a gaping hole.I like the idea but it just did n't work . It might be my fault , maybe I needed to buy a more expensive bag . It actually was easier on the last legs of our trip to just gate check the naked stroller .
 This bag only lasted a one way trip from Atlanta to Maryland . The bag ripped from the seams after one trip , this is not a sturdy bag . I was hoping to get more than one flight out of the bag , but this bag went in the trash after one use . Glad I did not pay much for the bag . If you are looking for a good stoller bag , this is not the one .
 For the quality and price I paid for , I would NOT buy this again and would just invest in something more durable . Yes it kept our umbrella stroller from getting dirty but the bag already ripped after 1 use ! Using a trash bag would probably even work better or last longer .
 I should have read the one-star reviews before I bought this bag . What they say is true
 The product description says `` This convenient set of j.l. childress gate check bags includes one gate check bag for umbrella strollers and one gate check bag for car seats '' , but I only get the bag for stroller .
 It was not easy to carry the stroller around with this bag . Also we never ended up checking the stroller in to the airplane with this bag . It was not easy to slide the stroller in , and we ended up tossing this away on the trip .
 While this product did fit our Chico stroller that is on the smaller side fairly well , after two overseas trips it was significantly ripped and damaged beyond effective use.I have other JL Childress products that work well like the car seat bag , but this one product seemed to be off the mark .
 This bag is of very poor quality , I used it only once to carry a light weight fully collapsible stroller & the bottom of the bag got torn apart . The stiches came off & the stroller fell out as I put it in the bag.I would have rather used a garbage bag to carry the stroller than paying $ 12.98 for this .
 This bag seemed like a great idea in theory but in practice , I ended up just having to returned a damaged item . Before I even managed to put the stroller inside of the bag before getting on the plane , the bag tore on the side all the way down . So much for that and keeping my stroller safe . Not worth the time and effort sadly
 Great for one or two flights , but after our third trip it was full of holes .
 i purchased 2 of these , at two different times.I have a Maclaren umbrella stroller , and i wanted a bag that is not too heavy or bulky.The first stroller bag i purchased ripped at the seams . I sewed up the sides , thinking i could continue using it . But the material is so thin and weak , that it ripped again at the seams . So , I decided to purchase the bag again -LRB- perhaps the first one was defective ? -RRB- . NOPE !! This 2nd bag ripped again at the seams , and the cord to close the opening , stopped working . in total , used each bag 2 times before i had to throw it away.I will never purchase another `` red bag '' from JL Childress again . stroller or car seat travel bag.I recently got the Britax B-nimble stroller bag , and will try that . It 's got great reviews . I like the thinness of the material and that it 's skinny enough to carry my maclaren without a lot of extra space . The other bag I purchased was the Diono stroller travel bag . the material is thicker so the quality seems great , but it 's bulkier than i would prefer . this seems to be a good size for an umbrella stroller plus little extra room -LRB- if that 's what you 're looking for -RRB- .
 I give this product one star because it actually kept the stroller clean . However , after the first half of our international flight it was destroyed . It ripped right up the seam . On the way home we had to tie the bag together just so we could use it again . It is going in the trash , there is no way to repair it.I like the idea of this cover , but the material needs to be stronger .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The color is good and the sheet feels nice , but it does n't stay tight on the mattress , and it gets those annoying little balls on it with washing -LRB- or rubbing -RRB- . I do n't use it any more as I do n't think it 's safe for my baby .
 I am very dissapointed with this product , I would never buy something like this again , the feel of the sheet is absolutely not good or soft for the skin 's baby . It 's supposed to be 100 % cotton but it really does n't look like.I tried to washed with a very delicate soap but the result is the same . It is so rough to the touch . I do n't plan to use it for my baby . Have n't even tried .
 I was very unhappy with the fact that the dots on these sheets are `` painted '' on . The paint is a rubbery , yucky feeling paint that I would not put my baby 's skin against . It would have been nice to know from the product description that the design was not woven into the fabric . I would n't have bought it in the first place . It 's too bad , the sheet itself is a nice color and would have looked great in the nursery .
 The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . Despite being made of cotton and having a 220 thread count , it feels quite rough . The only cotton crib sheets I 've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern . That 's not what I received . I received solid blue .
 I am very dissapointed with this product , I would never buy something like this again , the feel of the sheet is absolutely not good or soft for the skin 's baby . It 's supposed to be 100 % cotton but it really does n't look like.I tried to washed with a very delicate soap but the result is the same . It is so rough to the touch . I do n't plan to use it for my baby . Have n't even tried .
 I was very unhappy with the fact that the dots on these sheets are `` painted '' on . The paint is a rubbery , yucky feeling paint that I would not put my baby 's skin against . It would have been nice to know from the product description that the design was not woven into the fabric . I would n't have bought it in the first place . It 's too bad , the sheet itself is a nice color and would have looked great in the nursery .
 The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . Despite being made of cotton and having a 220 thread count , it feels quite rough . The only cotton crib sheets I 've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern . That 's not what I received . I received solid blue .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The color is good and the sheet feels nice , but it does n't stay tight on the mattress , and it gets those annoying little balls on it with washing -LRB- or rubbing -RRB- . I do n't use it any more as I do n't think it 's safe for my baby .
 It 's nice and soft but unfortunately , did n't fit the pad I bought for the changing table .
 I kept this because it was the only white chenille cover I could find , but it is sooooooo thin . It looks and feels very cheap .
 Even though the pink is very pretty and they are very soft , I 'm sending back the two covers I got today . The one that I opened has a light stain that is about an inch by two inches right on top , the strap holes are also on the top of the cover and do not work with my pad , and the cover does n't fit my pad very well . I 'm going to exchange them for the more expensive but much better quality basic comfort covers .
 I returned this changing pad cover . It did n't fit the changing pad well at all . Material felt cheap , not impressed .
 When I found out that my second child was going to be a girl , I was excited to add some pink into the nursery . I ordered this soft pink changing pad cover , only to wonder `` How is this supposed to work ?! '' when it arrived ! All of the other changing pad covers I own have the slits for the changing table straps on the sides . This one has the slits way in the middle ! Any child over a newborn size will be lying on top of those straps . The cover is very soft - yes . But I had to return it because of the placement of those slits !
 The product description failed to mention that this pad cover has holes for straps . We do n't use straps , so it looks funny .
 Too thin and holes on side in the way if you do n't use the straps on the changing table all the time . Not worth the money .
 The slits for the straps are way up in the center rather than down on the sides like the other brand I ordered . I wish I would have paid attention to the other reviews before I ordered because now I 'm having to return this . It 's very soft , but the placement of those slits makes no sense at all . Do n't waste your time buying this product ! Summer Infant makes one with the same fabric that is actually less expensive and has the slits in the correct spots !
 Wow . This thing reeks of moth balls which not only is unpleasant , but also one of the most highly toxic materials you can have around and certainly not something you would want to put near a baby . it 's like selling an asbestos changing pad cover . Too bad . Would be nice but the smell and chemicals in moth balls wo n't wash out .
 Item was received on time . Material is soft . The only problem is that the changing cover openings are in the wrong place for standard changing pads . They should be located on the sides but are located in the middle of the cover instead which makes it very difficult to change the baby .
 I bought my first Turbie Twists back in 2004 . I got a 2-pack ... kept one towel for myself , gave the other to a friend . My first Turbie Twist was great ... just thick enough without being too thick , and it really stayed put.But then late last year the elastic band that holds the towel in place on the crown of your head started getting really stretched out . It did n't break , it just got to be in really bad shape . My first one had stood up to daily use for a good 3 years , I was pleased , so I decided to go buy a new pack.This time I kept both towels for myself , and it 's a good thing I did . The terry fabric of the first towel began literally , from the very first use , to unravel along the seam that joins the 2 pieces of fabric , and after just 1 week nearly half of the towel had unraveled and it was , needless to say , completely unusable . I am still using the second one , though I 'm not happy with it . The fabric is very thin . You can * see * through it , literally . It is pretty much instantly saturated once it hits wet hair , and it * definitely * does n't stay put like the older one did . It could be my imagination , but I remember my older towel being longer . And as for the elastic band ... after about 1 year 's use , it 's already more stretched out than my original was after 3 . These * used to be * a really great product , but now they 're very , VERY low quality and a waste of money .
 I am very disappointed in the new turbie twists . I bought these for my wife , and the material is not as sturdy as the original , and they are not as long . They can not keep her hair twisted up . Bring the original back please !
 Who wants to buy something that 's does n't even work ? The Turbie Twist is supposed to dry you hair quickly and conveniently . It is made up of a towel like material with an elastic bow at the top to twist the towel into . It comes in various colors such as white and pink . But it is not as lovely as it sounds . First , the Turbie Twist does n't even dry your hair . The material is so thin that it can soak up only some of the water from your hair after taking a shower . Second , you can forget walking around while wearing the Turbie Twist . It slides if you your head when you just staying still . Lastly , the Turbie Twist is extremely uncomfortable . It pulls your hair back so tight that you feel like it 's going to rip your hair off . In conclusion , the Turbie Twist will only cause you pain and inconvience and I strongly recommend you do n't purchase it .
 I always wrap my hair in an extra towel - so I thought this product would be perfect for me . All in all , I was not wowed . It 's a pretty average product . I like that it 's less bulky than a normal towel -LRB- and is much lighter to pack in a suitcase -RRB- . And the pull-through loop does make it more secure ... although the result is a bizarre/goofy-looking head wrap that I wo n't be flaunting . Also , it does NOT fulfill the advertisement . It is definitely not more absorbent than your average towel . It also takes a VERY long time to dry . I wanted to test this so I wet the towel , wrung it out completely , and hung it in my 70 degree apartment -- after 8 hours it was still damp !! Not what I was hoping for . If you 're looking for a towel to wrap your head , I suggest the Eagle Creek travel towel instead -LRB- in sizes from Small to XL -RRB- . It 's made for camping/backpacking/traveling so it 's super-lightweight , very absorbent , and dries like a champ -LRB- besides being the softest travel towel I 've found -RRB- . I prefer the Eagle Creek travel towel to any Turbie Twist . However , the Turbie Twist is still semi-functional so I give it 2 stars .
 Received the product within specified ship date timeline . However , three of six items were ripped . Did not notice until ready to use product.Company needs to better inspect the product.No refund or exchange has been requested yet .
 I have one of the original Turbie Twists , and I love it . It 's absorbent , it fits my head , and it 's long enough to wind around my hair and tuck in the end . The new ones -LRB- and I made the mistake of buying a six-pack -RRB- are nothing like the original , even though they say &#34; original &#34; on the package . The fabric is plush and , I think , not as absorbent , the head part is longer and has to be turned up to fit , and the &#34; tail &#34; is so short it constantly comes undone . Ugh .
 I really like California Baby 's diaper rash cream ; but , have had a very disappointing experience with their body washes and lotions . My boy 's have very sensitive skin and this lotion ended up making their skin worse . My 31/2 month old has eczema and I think the lotion and body wash made his skin worse . Now I am trying to correct it . It smells great and the lotion is thick ; but , it had the opposite effect . Wo n't buy again !
 I normally like California Baby products and appreciate their use of safer ingredients , but this cream makes both of my children scream when I use it on a rash . Kind of defeats the purpose of diaper cream . Smells nice , though .
 My LO got a rash so at slathered this on and he screamed is heart out . I had to try and get it off quickly and gentle while he screamed and flopped like a fish . never again !
 My daughter just got her first diaper rash at 7 months old . I bought this when she was born for instances such as this . It was a pretty bad rash . I slathered some of this on and my daughter literally tried to crawl out of her skin . She was almost hyperventilating and screaming . It was terrible.Why would you put Cetyl Alcohol in a diaper rash cream ? I 'm assuming that is what caused the immense pain . I also tried A+D and Extra Strength Desitin . The Desitin worked the best . None of the other brands made her scream in pain .
 I 've been a huge fan of these bubbles until recently I noticed a difference in the consistency of the bubbles . The solution is like water and wo n't blow any bubbles ! So I contacted California Baby via email , and heard a response right away from someone named `` Sue '' who promised that she would send me a postage paid envelope for me to return the defective bottles I had . Problem is , she did n't follow through , and has not to this day . So after a month of my twins crying for bubbles , we 've moved on to another product . I feel like I got gipped ! My advice ... the customer service department at CA Baby does n't care if you are happy with their product ... so move on unless you want to pay $ 20 a bottle for water .
 We 've used several different kinds of sippy cups and they all can leak , but this one is UNBELIEVABLE !!!! If my son leave it on its side the entire contents will leak out . The are awful .
 We bought two of these as an alternative to the Munchkin soft spout ones . These were n't good for transitioning our son to sippy but once he got enough practice from the Munchkin , he started to drink from these too . Now I am not exactly a fan of the soft spout and am not recommending Munchkin over this Nuby brand , but the Munchkin did help transition from bottle to sippy.But , now it 's time for a change . Why ? - These leak unless your toddler can hold them upright . - Once he figured out that its easy to make a mess by just rubbing the spout on any surface , WE 're done ! - these nipples are bulkier and have hidden rides , VERY difficult to clean , my son drinks chocolate milk and the chocolate residue is so hard to get out.Another concern for me was that on the bottom of these cups , I could n't see the triangle logo with the plastic number . So now I really have to stop using these.In general soft spout nipples wear out soon , and can leak if we are n't careful when we clean them . So these are a short term choice at best .
 Hate these cups . They constantly leak and one even BROKE when it was tossed by my 1-year-old ! Once it hit the hardwood floor it split right open . Will be returning to Walmart tonight .
 We 've tried a variety of sippy cups and these are among my least favorite . They 're not bad in terms of durability and my son does n't seem to have a problem gripping them . But the spouts have started to give us trouble . My son has to suck so hard on them that he collapses the rubbery top part . I have to constantly unscrew the lid to release the pressure and the spout pops back out . He 's fine for a few minutes and then we have to unscrew the top again.We use other brands of cups with the same soft top/valves and do n't have this trouble .
 When we initially purchased the cups , I was thrilled with their non-spill and non-leak feature . My son would throw them about without any leaks.After a couple of weeks of usage the plastic valve broke which allowed my son to place his thumb inside the valve and rip the plastic out completely . If I had not caught it , I 'm sure it would be a chocking hazard.I use them for my 14-month old son 's thick smoothies of fruit and yogurt and just keep a careful eye to detect when he 's grown tired of it so I can grab it before he sends it flying .
 Cup does n't seem to be of very good quality . Leaks all the time . I would have gave this 3 stars but I went with 2 since you could be like me and get a pink cup for your son .
 I purchased this despite the negative reviews since the brand has been pretty good for me . One cup came that is absolutely not spill proof . It leaks absolutely everywhere and the nipple sinks into the cup after my daughter drinks out of it . Really wishing I would have listened to the reviews .
 I initially liked these cups -LRB- and so did my daughter , -RRB- so I bought another pack of two ... Unfortunately after about a week I hated everything about them . First of all , it takes some time to line the notches up to get the nipple in the ring , and once it 's lined and secure , it 's hard to screw the top on the cup straight . It almost always takes some adjusting . Secondly , the nipple collapses with almost every sip ! I 'm not sure how everyone is n't having this same problem , as I know it 's not a defect in my daughters cup since we own 4 of them . I 'm constantly having to unscrew the lid for her and pop the nipple back out . We use all of the NUK Gerber Graduates cups now , and I LOVE them !
 I have always used nuby cups , have about 4 I bought over 6 months ago and they work so well.I received these 3 cups on Wednesday , the first cup was dropped by my toddler and right away it cracked and I ca n't use it anymore . Second cup was used today , exact same thing happened.My older nuby cups have been dropped , thrown on concrete , and pretty much gone through what a toddler can do to any item . They are still in tact and working well.These are thin versions of the nuby sippy cups I normally use and have bought -LRB- not online -RRB- . I wont ' be ordering sippy cups on line anymore , my lesson for trying to save money .
 My son threw the cup and it broke immediately . The other lasted longer but quickly bit the dust after more rough play . Plastic needs to be stronger . My Munchkin cups are way more durable and I 'm replacing this product with the other though slightly more expensive ... I need to find a GREEN solution with recycled content but BPA free .
 I bought 2 of these for my 14 month old daughter . one of them was half full of juice and she dropped it and it cracked spilling juice all over the floor . the other one i had to throw out because the nozzle dripped . thank goodness i only bought 2 . never again .
 They were working ok until I washed the clear soft plastic top on -LRB- the sipper -RRB- . I noticed there was dirt under it , between the soft part and the hard plastic part of the lid , and that could only be cleaned if the top -LRB- the clear part with the sipper -RRB- came off and was washed separately , which seemed ok I guess , after all Nuby should 've known that it can get really nasty if we do n't wash the lid parts separately . After I did that I but it back exactly like the way it was before and did all the adjustments but they kept on leaking ! They leak so bad it 's impossible for my baby to use it without having water pouring from everywhere . And the price was n't too cheap either . Now I have to throw them away because they 're just useless .
 1 -RRB- Bought cups in multi-pack yet screw-tops are not interchangeable , nor are nipples -LRB- I have to sit there and sort through a pile of tops and nipples to find the right ones -RRB- . This is extra frustrating because the lid colors do not match the cup color to begin with . Just the thing toddler parents want during dinner clean-up - a puzzle ! 2 -RRB- Ca n't just rinse out the tops for a quick clean - milk gets caught in the inner part of the nipple so I have to remove them every time -LRB- see # 1 above -RRB- 3 -RRB- Tops need to get screwed on very tight to avoid leaking4 -RRB- Plastic is very slippery so after my slobbery kids use them , I stand at the sink with wet hands straining to grip the cup so I can get the top off -LRB- see # 3 above -RRB- 5 -RRB- Bottles are deep and `` ergonomically designed '' so I ca n't easily get a sponge down into the bottom.Why do companies allow product designers who do not have kids design products for parents with kids ? This cup wins the worst product design of the year , in my book -LRB- not unlike infant clothes with fussy buttonholes on the back of the garment -RRB- . You could n't design a toddler cup with more problems . If I go to hell when I die , my lot will be to spend eternity cleaning and reassembling Nuby cups . Avoid it !
 I normally save my vitriol and 1 star reviews for products that truly earn them . I can safely say the piece of junk deserves every bad name I can call it.This is the third baby in 6 years so we have more than a bit of experience with baby products . One thing we have done on this kid is `` standardize '' the bottles and sippy cups . Nothing is more annoying than having a screaming kid in one hand while you fight with 4 bottles and 3 nipples none of which go together.So we went with the $ 5 a piece Avent bottles and never looked back . -LRB- worth every penny -RRB- When it was time to switch to sippy cups we looked at all of them in Walmart and decided to buy 8 of these . What a mistake.We went though 3 of them in a week . There is simply no way to get them not to leak milk everywhere . I took them apart , I wiggled , I jiggled ... I tried everything . The threads are just too short to close effectively . -LRB- the engineer in me speaking , sorry -RRB- No joke ... It got so bad , our son would not even try to use the cup . If we gave it to him , he would fuss . He might be 14 months old but he 's not dumb ! Dribble cold milk down his chest enough times even he figured out they where junk.I never thought I 'd be reading -LRB- much less writing -RRB- reviews of sippy cups but having products that actually work makes parenting so much easier.So my advice ... Avoid this like the plague and when you do find one you like , buy 8 or 10 of one kind . Trust me , this makes life easier .
 I have used other sippy cups before , and this one is not the best . It leaks all over the carpet and I end up stepping in the leakage . Milk ? Milk on my sandals ? Why is there milk on my sandals ? Oh wait , that 's right . The defective piece of crap that is this sippy cup has leaked out once again . I would not recommend buying it seeing as though there are better ones out there . It makes me feel bad inside , and if I were to receive this as a gift I 'd spit on whoever gifted it to me .
 The top of the spout is squishy so every time my son throws this cup down the spout is depressed and the cup leaks . He usually is tossing the cup at me so if I 'm sitting on the couch the leak goes right for my pants . Really kind of annoying . I would n't buy these again . I 'm shopping right now for replacements . This also makes it so you ca n't put liquid in it for travel . Some of our sippy cups I can toss in a bag and not worry but the spout of this one makes that impossible .
 These lids do not leak . But the minute my child drops one from his high chair , the whole lid comes off . If he drops it hard enough , the lid comes off and the nipple insert pops out . It 's very dramatic and not at all the purpose of a sippy cup . Trust me , we 've tried hard , but there is NO WAY to put these lids on tightly enough that he ca n't perform this `` trick . ''
 We got these because we liked other Nubby sippy cups , but needed more . We have had them about two months , always washing them on the top shelf in the dishwasher -LRB- which I guess weakens the plastic -RRB- and all of a sudden this week each one broke whenever our daughter threw it on the floor . She throws any/all sippy cups from time to time , but these are the only ones that have broken ! What a waste of money if they only last 2 months .
 My baby is transitioning to cow `` s milk from being breastfed and these cups are just perfect in flow . It is just the perfect suction and I do n't worry about chocking with any fluid I give her . The no spills are a huge plus too.I still believe what I wrote above , however , I was going by a model I bought at WALMART when I got the one from Amazon it is completely different and no wonder people hate it . DOES NOT WORK . buy from Walmart instead .
 I have triplets that just turned one . I went with this cup because I know the name , and they are relatively inexpensive . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ! I purchased 15 of them for their birthday to transition them off the bottle . Overall , they work ok . They do drip and pill when turned upside down . The spout is VERY fast , causing the babies to choke every time they use the cup -LRB- and this is with formula which is thicker than water or whatever -RRB- . My biggest problem is they are cheap , thin and very easily broken . When one of the babies drops -LRB- yes , drops , not throws -RRB- the cup from their highchair , it cracks when it hits the floor and formula , milk or whatever they are drinking goes EVERYWHERE . Then it 's a rush to get it into another cup before it leaks everywhere . When I say crack , I mean busts to the point where the liquid is gushing out . Formula costs me a fortune for the three of them and it 's just getting wasted . The one time my son did throw the cup , which moms know babies love to do , he busted a quarter size piece out of it , and I ended up with 8 ounces of formula on my wood dining room floor . Of the 15 I bought a 6 weeks ago , we have 6 left . . and now I 'm looking for new ones to purchase . BUYER BEWARE !!
 I bought this brand as a set of 4 at my local warehouse club thinking I was getting a great deal . My daughter started using these around 10 months and quickly learned that if she pushed in the soft spout by bouncing it upside down on any hard surface , water would spill out everywhere . She would flood the floors and her high chair tray in no time . I finally had to buy the sippy cups with hard tops again and have had no issues .
 My son 's bottles leak when they are tipped over , this thing is like a slow faucet , 10-15 minutes and it 's empty . I thought it was just a fluke , so I bought a second one and it does the same thing .
 I have been using this cup for about 7 months . The design of the cup is great . And when it works , it 's fine . BUT ... The spouts leak after a while or if your child chews on them . Wal-Mart has the cups for $ 1.79 but the replacement spouts cost at least that much plus shipping . I had been ordering the spouts from the manufacturer for 85 cents each until January but they decided to only sell them retail since the demand was so high . I wonder why?DON ' T BUY THIS CUP . It 's a money pit . Unless you consider $ 2 sippy cups disposable .
 Anyone who gives this a positive review has n't owned it very long . The spout leaks and after a few times getting chewed on , the end of the spout breaks . What a racket . The cup is $ 1.74 at Walmart but the spout is $ 1.75 on ebay . Might as well get a new cup . Lame !!!
 My daughter would only take this type of cup due to the soft spout , so that part was great . The problem is , after every single drink , the lid gets suctioned down and then it will leak everywhere . I either have to unscrew the lid or pull on the spout to get it to go back to normal , and that 's a pain . I did buy some different Nuby cups -LRB- VERY similar in appearance -RRB- at a store and those work fine . Those are more of a `` sport '' model I think , and we love those .
 My review focuses more on the practical aspect of the sippy cup than the way it 's made . I do n't have a problem with the design or color , it 's just that somehow the air is not flowing as it should and as the baby sucks , the nipple shrinks in and you need to open the lid and let air go in so the nipple gets its form back . Maybe I need to poke the little hole that it has on the lid and make it bigger ...
 My girlfriend gave me such a raving reviews for it that I decided to try this as a transition to a real cup . The initial sippy cup was under $ 2 at Walmart , and the spout broke the first week when my toddler started to `` munch on it '' , like they always do . Then I had to call the manufacturer and investigate if they have and where do they sell the replacements spouts -LRB- not available at Wal-Mart -RRB- , because now I had a 4 days old cup that I could n't use . To my amusement the replacement spouts were more expensive than the initial cup ! $ 3.99 for 2 at BBRUS . It was a ripp-off ! They are hard to suck on , my toddler refuses to drink from them , he would rather drink from other cups , because the bottles have also odd shape - hard to grasp when full with drink . They seem like the middle weight is not where it is supposed to be to hold them comfortably . Spouts with the ring on are impossible to align with the bottle bottom . It takes few tries to do it the way it should be ! I guess the spout is only good for when your baby does not have to many teeth , and start early if you want them to learn how to suck from it . If you do n't have patience to screw the top to the cup multiple times each time you give your baby drink , then try something else ...
 What I liked
 These were the only ` sippy cups ' that I could get my daughter to use after stopping breastfeeding . Yet , now at 18 months , she still only wants these cups and they leak horribly and are time consuming to prepare . Even after the tedious job of lining up the notches perfectly -LRB- and the silicone spout often slips when you screw it onto the cup , so you often have to take it out and line it up all over again -RRB- , we often get leaks from some other minor problem in the lid . I have to triple check every aspect of the lid to ensure no major leaks.Also , the spouts break very easily -LRB- which causes major leakage -RRB- , and I have had to keep replacing them . I am desperately trying to break my daughter of these cups .
 I bought this cup for my daughter a couple days ago . I kept wondering why she was so irritated with this cup . Last night I finally tried sucking on it myself to see if liquid was even coming out and guess what ... nothing ! I literally had to suck extremely hard to get a couple of drops out . I am now thinking about cutting a larger opening in the silicone spout so that my daughter gets uesd to holding a cup . It will somewhat defeat the purpose of a ` no spill ' cup , but at least she 'll get something out of it .
 I tried this cup for the first time this morning . My daughter screamed when she could n't get the milk out of it . I tried it and I could n't get any milk out either . You have to bite the nipple to get the liquid out . Horrible .
 We got these sippys when our twins got old enough to drink from a sippy we thought that they were cool , easy to clean , and easy for the kids to drink from . And then it happened the nipple part cracked and needed replaced , no big deal our walmart carried these thats were we got them , we got them for 99 cents a sippy . Bad news !!! They do n't make replacement nipple peices . So once its ruined you have to through the thing out waste of money . I really thought I was going to like these and I did at first but after your kids 's teeth come in it wont be long before you throw the sippy out , so if you stop to think about it , its cheaper in the long run to get sippy 's that have replacement peices and ones that arent silocone . Wish I would have stuck with my gerber and playtex sippy cups , harder to clean but I do n't have to replace them unless something really bad happens to them .
 I like this cup because there is no valve to lose and my 2 yr old son can hold it easily . However , the lid is difficult to twist properly onto the cup and the cup leaks or if my son drops it the lid comes off . So we stopped using this cup after a few times .
 I got these because of the one piece no leak lid . but just returned them today . The lids do not stay on after being screwed on . You can pop the top right off like a tupperware lid . It is especially easy to do if the bottle is slightly squeezed to change the shape of the threaded lip . As a matter of fact if you tighten too much the lid actually clicks through and opens back up . I bought a two pack and thought at first that I one was a bad egg but the same thing happened with the second so I consider it a design flaw .
 I purchased this after analyzing safety reviews on the Natl Highway Safety site and this looked like a good option based on paper . We 've been using this for almost 2 years in grandparents ' car ; they are my daughter 's caregivers on weekdays . This review is partially based on our experience using the Britax Roundabout installed in our car.Seat is difficult to install CORRECTLY . Definitely not an easy in/out . -LRB- Roundabout is fantastic . Multiple positive experiences to take on airplane , install in rental cars -RRB- . My husband had to refer to the manual in depth . My father who is a very intuitive and capable man has popped this in and out and he insisted it was properly installed . However , it always wobbles side to side . Sure enough , when my husband checked , it was done incorrectl . Bottom line
 when you buy a car seat at a store you have the opportunity to check the manufacture date and decide for yourself if it suits you . when you buy online you depend on the sellers integrity . I was very disappointed to receive a one year old ! car seat , without the instruction booklet , without inner wrapping , already assembled ... and the most disappointing thing is that I wrote to the sellers costumer service and did not receive any answer , or at least sending me the instruction book.I wo n`t buy again from this seller .
 I have owned five of these seats over the course of 4 years . I have found them difficult to install correctly via the seatbelt or LATCH and they must have a towel or noodle to keep them falling over . The harness does not stay where it was adjusted , making it terribly hard to have the child strapped in correctly . Since using the Britax regularly along side the Cosco I 've discovered just how much I do n't care for this seat.I was in a horrible accident this week and as I was crawling through my overturned van I saw how my children hung . The Britax seats did n't budge an inch , and my children were amazingly calm . The Cosco A/O seats were HANGING . They did not stay secure at all . Although my children were unharmed I was amazed that they were OK ! Since I must get new seats now , they will all be Britax Regents or Frontier . Another complaint of the seat is that although law requires only belt positioning after 40 lbs , my children would have been seriously injured or died in a regular seatbelt/booster . I am very thankful I had ordered the Britax Regent only three months ago . They -LRB- and God ! -RRB- saved my girls ' lives.Sarah , mom to four girls ages 1-5 .
 I bought this based on the Consumer Reports review of it . Well , apparently Consumer Reports does NOT rate based on durability or comfort . The main ` fabric ' is a cheap mesh over a cheaper foam . Some seams are not even stitched and are just fused together . The foam is cheap and any child would be extremely uncomfortable in this seat . I opened the box 20 minutes ago and am now returning this .
 Actually when we saw the sample we thought its great . But I have no complaints other than the seat which is not at all good . Its been just 2 weeks back we took the seat , which has become too rough and seems as it has become too old . I think I need to change it .
 Are you kidding me ? These are nothing special just a little plain pouch you could literally sow yourself . Plus it has velcro so stuff can get inside it is not very sealed and you want diapers to remain a little sanitary at least I do . Any cosmetic case that size such as Ju Ju Be Be quick for less money has more function such as pockets and wristlet ect . This is nothing . I seriously ca n't believe people buy these for that much . I would not recommend it for this price .
 I bought this cup when my 17 month old started to drink from straws . Overall the cup is pretty nice . My little boy loves to drink from it and press the button so it lights up.The reason I gave the cup only two stars is that the straw has major issues . The problem comes when I slide close the lid to throw the cup in the diaper bag . When I try to open the straw portion back up the straw gets pushed back too . By this I mean the straw is caught in the sliding portion of the lid . Sometimes I can pull it back out but there have been times I have had to remove the top portion of the cup and pull the straw completely out and reinsert it to fix the problem.I 've personally solved this issue by just using the cup around the house and therefore eliminating any reason to slide close the lid .
 I was not happy with this company , items received were in very filthy dirty packaging ... I requested another to be sent because it was for a gift and they still sent another filthy dirty item ... It was like a mildew smell as if they kept there stock in a basement ... byer beware ... I would not by another thing from them !
 This item felt like it was working , that is I got the `` tiggle '' and the hair `` fell '' out but grew back , I have treated the same hair 3x and it is still coming back . I was optimistic when I ordered it , hopeful when I used it and discourage when I could n't return it ! The return policy allows for 30 days and the item directions say to use it for 60 days ... . the math does n't quite add up ... . anyway I would n't buy this item again , although I would SELL it to you for 1/2 the price I paid if you want to take your chances ... . shopgirl6691@comcast.net
 I do n't like this One Touch electrolysis thing . It makes annoying noises , it irritates the skin , it takes forever , it 's not painless as claimed on various sites where I read about it , and another false statement is the `` self adjusting stylet tip ca n't ever pierce skin . '' I plan to get rid of it on eBay .
 You get what you pay for . Do not buy this item -LRB- unless you want an old and stiff towel for a cover . I would advise to spend a little more money and buy something softer . I am sure these are durable though - but not very soft . Maybe it will soften up after a wash or two - but we ordered another option for us and we will see if we can use these for emergencies or just donate them to goodwill .
 it took longer to feed my son because these spoons do not hold enough food compared to other spoon i 've purchased i would not recommend this spoon unless you want to spend more time feeding your child and if you do n't like my review purchase the spoon and you judge for yourself whether this spoon works for you and your baby rather than judging my review
 Do not buy this ! There is hardly any air for baby to breathe once in . Also the sling is not as snug as shown . I was very disappointed with this product considering the price charged and the reviews .
 I bought this carriage for the light weight - my back suffered greatly while carrying my twins . And I also liked the sleek attractive look to it . Unfortunately , I have just received my carriage back from Peg Perego 's repair center for the second time and I only have the stroller for 10 months . The first thing to go was the underneath basket which dragged on the floor until it ripped open . That was only with light weight items - not even a diaper bag . The second part to break was the snack trays that easily flip open and do not stay in lock position - this part broke twice and has been replaced on both services . Thirdly , the cup holder is a complete waste as it does not hold even a can of soda without tipping . However , the most major disappointment was dealing with Peg Perego 's Customer Service Department which is comprised of smug condescending employees who do anything but provide customer service.Everyone buys a lemon in life and I hope this is my first and last .
 Although we did n't like the price tag , we made the investment in this stroller for our twins who had just outgrown their infant car seats and therefore their infant stroller . Our justification for the price was that it would last until they were out of a stroller . Not even remotely true.Initially it worked well . We never used the drink trays because as it 's been said in many other reviews , they were worthless . As my kids got heavier though -LRB- they only weigh 20 lbs now so I 'm not talking very heavy -RRB- , the stroller became very difficult to turn . All side by side strollers will have issues with tight spaces however not being able to turn this easily resulted in me leaving many stores because I could n't either get in through their tight doors or get around their shop.This stroller is absolutely not worth the money and I regret having spent any money on it . BabiesRUs wo n't take it back anymore so we are stuck with a $ 300 paper weight .
 I am very disappointed that this stroller was so expensive and not worth a penny . I used the stroller 5 times since its purchase -LRB- witha three month old and a 2 year old weighing a total of 41 pounds -RRB- I found several problems with this stroller after the fourth use .1 - the stroller is hard to steer . The front wheels do not swivel very well at all . I found myself practically puching the stroller with the feeling as though the wheel were lock and they were not .3 - The basket underneath draggs . you can not store anything other than a coloring book and small bottle bag . anything more than that the basket is on the floor .5 - The sunshades began to warp slightly.Babies r us is giving me a hard time to return the stroller which I find disappointing since I spend plenty of money there . I am hoping to get my money back to purchase the combi -LRB- which my girlsfriend has and loves -RRB-
 By the time I was 6 months pregnant & already had a 16 month old I knew that this was the stroller to buy ! I did all the research and loved all the great features . I even strolled it all around the store before I purchased it ... but I must say , it just is n't what I was expecting to get ! # 1 yes it fits through most doorways , but if the wheels are slighty turned you 'll have a very difficult time just getting through . I 've only used this for a few months and the cup holder -LRB- there 's only one as it is -RRB- already broke off ! I 'm also not too pleased with the handling either . My two boys are average weight - about 45 pounds combined and even my husband has a hard time pushing this stroller around with ease . I loved my last peg perego stroller so I thought this one would be just as great but after a few months I am definitely ready to start looking at other options even though $ 300 will go down the drain ! I just think a jogging type stroller might have much better handling . Good luck and take your time to buy the BEST double stroller suited for your needs !
 We purchased this stroller in the fall of 2004 two days before a trip to Disneyworld in FL . We had been using a Graco tandem double stroller but we thought that the side by side would be better for the following reasons : - size/weight
 Although Peg Perego is well known for their high quality -LRB- and expensive -RRB- products - I personally tested this stroller and was not impressed . I was amazed at how light this stroller is - I easily pulled the demo from the rack at 8 months pregnant ... however , in order to make a stroller lightweight - something has to give and I believe its sturdiness was compromised as a result . The seats were very narrow - I have a petite 13 month old and even she looked a little cramped in the seat . The store demo looked in pretty bad shape . Of course I understand the store demo is n't what one would start out with , but if people tested this stroller in the store for months , and the stroller looked that bad without being handled outside in the real world , I can only imagine it would take a couple months for it to start falling apart and looking shabby . The brand label on the side of the stroller is a puffed sticker and is not molded to the plastic , so it pops off quite easily ... and the canopies are too high for small children - so what good are they if they wo n't keep the sun out of your children 's eyes?My recommendation/choice ? Go with the McClaren Rally Twin or McClaren Twin Traveller ... it 's slightly cheaper than the Peg Perego and about the same price as the Combi . It was very sturdy , folded compactly and was overall my favorite - my daughter really loved her test drive in it too ! The only thing I did n't like about the McClaren was it does n't come with a snack tray for the kids .
 After a year of hauling my huge tandem stroller in and out of the trunk of my baby SUV , I finally decided to spend the big bucks and purchase this stroller for my toddler twin boys . We were getting ready to go on two back-to-back long-distance trips and I wanted a stroller that would fit in the car and still leave room for our luggage . The Aria Twin fit the bill , but we ran into many other problems along the way .1 - The first issue we had was that it was harder to steer than it had seemed in the store . I had tried it out with the boys in it and had thought it was fine , but after using it just a little bit more , I realized that the front wheels do not swivel very well at all . This was an annoyance the whole trip but became a near-crisis when we were out one day and the rubber tire came off one of the wheels while I tried to turn it -LRB- and I was on a smooth surface , at the mall , not on rough terrain -RRB- . If I had not had someone else with me , there would 've been no way I could 've gotten the tire back on by myself . Even with help , it was a big struggle . If we had not finally gotten it back on , I do n't know how I would 've gotten out of the mall -LRB- neither of the boys were walking yet and there 's no way I could 've carried both of them , nevermind the stroller too ! -RRB- .2 - The second problem we encountered became a huge aggravation . Something was wrong with the latching mechanism that was supposed to hold the snack trays in place . It would not lock the way it was supposed to , so the boys were able to repeatedly open and shut the trays , sometimes on each other 's fingers . A few times I was able to force the thing to lock , only to discover that I could n't get it back open without major difficulty . I could 've taken the trays off , but one of the reasons I wanted this stroller was b/c of the snack trays . It 's important to me to be able to give the boys snacks that they do n't have to hold onto .3 - The basket underneath dragged . Originally , I did n't think this was a big deal . Then , after a day at the zoo , the dragging on pavement started wearing a hole in the fabric . This was a problem partly b/c I did n't want a hole in a brand-new stroller , and partly b/c I did n't want anything to happen that would compromise the resale value . I did not put anything bulky or heavy in the basket that caused this to happen . There were two toddler baseball caps , two very lightweight toys , and a small board book in the basket . And still the thing dragged .4 - The plastic labels on the sides and front of the stroller began coming off . In addition to another compromise in resale value , this became a safety issue of small parts coming off the stroller . I had noticed that the word `` Aria '' had begun peeling off one of the sides ; the next thing I knew , one of my sons had it in his mouth .5 - The sunshades began to warp slightly.I just returned this stroller today , and I am very sad that it did not work out . I loved how it looked , how it folded up , how light it was . It was such a nice change from my tandem , and I really wanted it to be worth the money . I was very disappointed that something that cost so much seemed to be cheaply made in some crucial ways.I am now trying to decide between the Combi Twin Savvy and the Jeep side-by-side . I know there is no perfect double stroller , but there has got to be something better than this .
 This is a great LOOKING stroller , but not a great working stroller . My cup holder broke , the basket underneath has a huge hole in it and you ca n't put your stuff in it because it drags ! The harness straps broke off completely . and the wheels are hard to manuver . Just do n't buy it !!!! I hate it !! I have now learned to not be so snobby and get the most expensive stroller I just got a new graco and I love it . It was 120 $ $ cheaper !
 I bought this stroller when it first came out in April of last year . I thought it would be great for my newborn and 2 year old but I had trouble just walking to the park . I found myself jerking forward at every bump on the side walk , the basket dragged on the floor with just a small diaper bag in it , if there was n't a ramp between the street and sidewalk it was almost immpossible to go up & down a crub and the cup holder did n't last a week . After all of that money it ended up sitting in my trunk then my shed . I barely used it and I was so unhappy I decieded to complain to the store and manufactur they said they do not take back used strollers only repair them . A lesson learned ... do n't leave the store if you have n't tried it out and if you love long neighborhood walks this is NOT for you .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased and can not believe I spent $ 300 + . The 5 flaws detailed in a previous post are perfectly accurate . Other than the nuisance issues , the inherent stroller design is flawed . The stroller center of gravity , when loaded with twins , is almost immediately over the front wheels . This may not be an issue when the babies are small , but it becomes unbearable when they reach 15 lbs and unmanageable at 20 lbs . The forward balance makes the stroller extremely front heavy and exceptionally hard to turn in ALL conditions . The small wheel size compounds this flaw by making it easier to tip forward than to push over even a small door threshold -LRB- do n't even try pushing it up a ramp or sidewalk -RRB- . Strongly , STRONGLY NOT RECOMMENDED for purchase and I 'd barely recommend it if it 's free . Sure , there 's always someone who likes everything , but in the future I will buy something with at least 80 % positive reviews ; of which , this is not.Good luck and BE CAREFUL with this one -LRB- we almost dumped it and our babies into a body of water trying to push it up a ramp manageable by wheelchairs - we had to pull it up backwards to make the stroller roll -RRB- .
 The basket drags on the ground and mine actually has a hole in it . The side opening latch popped off and we had to rig it to wotk with a screwdriver . It does n't turn well , my kids have whiplash . They are close in weight -LRB- 32 ans 25 lbs -RRB- but it is still hard to push to make the wheels turn straight . I will be buying a tandem stroller soon
 I also agree with `` Wanted to Love this Stroller . '' I received this as a gift and could n't have been happier . I was so excited at the low weight of it . I even tried it out in the store where it seemed easy to push . However , once you place the babies in it -LRB- my twins are in the twenty something pound each range -RRB- , it can be impossible to push . The wheels never turn well no matter what you do . It is actually much harder to push than a stroller that weighs three times as much . The snack trays -LRB- while a great idea -RRB- are absolutely terrible . The twins can flip them open with ease . I have to watch very carefully to make sure they do n't hurt themselves with it . It does fold easily , however , sometimes it gets stuck in the folded position . It is not worth the exorbitant price . I have had less problems with umbrella strollers . I did call the company and they told me to bring it in to a service center , which I have no choice but to do . I just do n't have time for such nonsense . I would not recommend this stroller to anyone .
 Like the others who did not like this stroller , I had all the same problems as them ... so believe us . . it 's not worth the money or aggravation!Although , it 's a nice looking stroller it has a lot of problems :1 . Does n't handle well when turning ... terrible steering ... and as the others said , I tested it in the store just fine , but after 1 week of use , it was horrible . It also squeaks all the time .2 . The logos/brand stickers are coming off and hanging on . . cheaply made and not glued on well enough to pass any kidproofing .3 . The basket is huge , but it ca n't hold much . . when walking my kids to school and going up and down on driveways , the basket always rubs on the back wheels .4 . Does n't fold well ... it 's huge and I always smash my toes because when you fold it there 's a middle bar that slams down on my feet . Not made well and certainly not tested on mothers on the go .5 . The reclines are extremely hard to manuever when children are sleeping . The weight of your child makes the recline near impossible and you have to use a lot of strenght to accomplish this .6 . The sunshades are well-made but really do n't block much sun or wind .7 . Snack trays are useless and come off easily , but difficult to put back on . The trays ca n't hold anything b/c they are too narrow ... and there 's no drink holder in it .8 . Too wide ... this is my first double stroller and I am thinking of getting a tandem . I simply can not go anywhere with this stroller except to pick up my kids from school in the neighborhood . Shopping at the mall is impossible b/c the doors and aisles are way too narrow.Overall , do not get this stroller . Not worth $ 300 + ... anyone want to buy mine ?
 The stroller is the pits . I hate it . . Loved it when I test drove it in the store ... bought it and hate . . it pulls to the left . Hard to push - is NOT good on pavement , the sun umbrella cover is too short . The basket does NOT fit a diaper bag for twins ... parent cup holder broke off 2x -- on my second one now from the Co. and wheels click when riding on a smooth surface like the mall . . Maybe I have a defective one .
 This one feels like a dinosaur trying to negotiate your way through any big city . Every curb - a problem , every crevice - a problem . The shallowness of the sun covers - another problem . Feels like the brakes are on with ANY weight in it . 2 toddlers ? Forget it ! Turning ease ? - if youre a bodybuilder maybe . Another crappy stroller with one good feature - snack trays . Oh but one thing about the snack trays - they do n't unlatch on one side and swing over like on the single Peg Peregos . So you ca n't place a child straight in , you always have to lift them up and over and stick their legs thru like your putting them on a child swing - and when you pull them out their shoes are stuck and their legs are stuck . That is unless you completely remove the tray every time you use it and screw that . In conclusion , lousy stroller .
 when looking for a new double stroller , i too researched extensively on strollers -LRB- or so i thought -RRB- . i read the reviewson this stroller , i knew the perego name was supposedly a goodone and tried it out in the store . within one week of purchasingthis junk of a stroller , one of the brakes broke and the cupholder , that does n't hold cups , broke . we brought it back to the store where we purchased it and they do n't take returns , they ` lljust get us new parts . i 've had this stroller for 2 monthsand a second brake has broken . -LRB- we 're now waiting for a secondbrake to come in -RRB- this stroller is not narrow , it barely fitsthru a `` standard '' doorway , you need both hands to steer and eventhen the wheels still go in their own direction ! there is no cupholder for my twins so they are constantly dropping their sippycups wherever we go . and it is true about the hoods on the stroller , they offer no protection to children . the other daygoing to the mall it was raining and my girls got soakedbecause the hoods do n't cover anything ! i have now gotten outmy old graco duo-glider -LRB- which i loved -RRB- and put away this pieceof crap that i spent over 300 dollars on . so beware when researching for a new double stroller and read all the reviewsand believe the bad stuff people have written because it 's alltrue . do n't just assume that because it 's made by perego thatit 's a good product , all this stroller amounts to is 300 dollarsof worthless plastic .
 I was immediately disappointed in this stroller . It is extremely difficult to push and nearly impossible to turn . It rides so roughly that it has literally made my girls cry . Additionally , the sunshades do n't begin to cover my girls , the cup holder falls down if a cup is placed in it , the clips on the handle tip upside down if anything is hung on them , the tray falls off if the least bit of pressure is applied to it and there is no where to put your foot to tip the stroller back to get up a curb . It is approximately an inch wider than most handicapped-accessible doors requiring entry at a slight angle . And finally , the handle is also so low that I have to push it stooped over - and I 'm only 5 ' 7 '' .
 Like another reviewer , we REALLY wanted to love this stroller . We have a Maclaren single stroller and had strongly considered the double , but bought the Peg Perego Twin Aria because it was significantly lighter and had a single handlebar to steer and a single basket . I am regretting it now!Our problems with the Aria -LRB- not in any order of importance ; I 'm too sleep-deprived to do that right now ! -RRB- :1 -RRB- The Aria stickers came off after about a week 's worth of use .2 -RRB- The handling is , in my husband 's words , `` squishy '' . We have a 25-month-old and a 3-month old and the weight difference between them makes this challenging to push ... because the plastic parts on the stroller have a LOT of give .3 -RRB- It 's REALLY hard to push around the neighborhood over bumps , holes and big cracks in the sidewalk -LRB- we live in Chicago -RRB- . Just too much give in the steering .4 -RRB- The basket DOES drag on the ground -LRB- I admit that we overload it , but we use this around town and put a lot of stuff in it -RRB- .5 -RRB- It 's very easy to open and close , as long as you use both hands -LRB- if you are holding a baby and trying to do it , it 's much harder -RRB- . If you have garage space and do n't need to open and close it all the time , this will benefit you !! Okay , the good :1 -RRB- Love the look .2 -RRB- Love the deep seats -LRB- and both recline -RRB- .3 -RRB- Love the food trays -LRB- and the option to NOT use them -RRB- .4 -RRB- Love that it stands up on its own when folded ! Genius.I just expected much more stability for the price . If you are NOT hard on strollers and do n't have to fold/unfold it all the time , you 'll probably really like this stroller . We are just heavy-duty users and need something with more staying power !
 The stroller had all the physical attributes I wanted in a stroller . I have a six month and 20 month old baby . The following features are why I purchased this beautiful stroller-5 pt harness-great basket space-cool color scheme-individal recline and canopyHowever , the 5 pt harness is detatchable by any active child . My 20 month old just had to wiggle to take it off . The stickers came off the first day . And the parent cup kept falling apart . The snack tray closure was not as sturdy as I thought it would be . And there was too much slack on the turn . It felt like there was delay , and for the price I expected it to be seamless .
 I am not a normal complainer , but this stroller deserves a complaint . I was so excited to buy this , and of course it was the most expensive in the store.It is very easy to fold up , and is very light weight I loved the looked too .1 st - You ca n't put anything heavy in the basket it drags on the ground . So we replaced the basket and only put our keys and diapers in it , then the basket worked great .2 nd - The front wheels have horrible steering . Sure we can fit through any door , but not without constantly banging the wheels into the door until we got the wheels to turn just right . Our poor kids always had whip lash .3 rd - The trays , the latches are terrible . My kids thought it was a big toy , so the whole time they were in it , all I could tell them was `` put the tray down '' . We even ordered new trays and they were even worse , they would n't even latch .4 - The sun shade covers nothing . The sun shade is so short , it only provided shade for the top of their heads . The sun shade was a very poor design .5 - This was the final straw , the opening latch popped off and we never saw it again . We had to stick our key in it to open it.We only had this stroller for 4 months and have had all these problems from the beginning . I have been working with Peg Perego 's customer service , they would ship me new parts , but only for their 6 month warranty . In my last email asking them to fix my trays , I was told that they could provide me with a phone number to have it serviced out of my own pocket.For the price of the stroller , it should have been a lot more durable . The stroller looks great and is so easy to push , but the stroller wo n't last very long . If you read the other negative reviews , we all had the same problems .
 We have a 20 month girl and 4 month boy , so we decided to spend the $ $ $ on a light weight stroller . At first , we thought it was great , since it is light weight and has some storage underneath . But once we started to use it , we run into many problems , in LESS than 2 months since we bough it :1 st - The canopies are WAY TOO SHORT and do n't provide ANY sun protection at all . So , we had to buy the double ray shade to go with it .2 nd - The basket underneath deformed with minimum weight in the bottom and started to drag . As a result , not only it has a whole , I ca n't put anything on it , and it drags .3 rd - The folding lever on one of the sides came off one day so now we have to use a screw driver every time we need to fold the stroller - NOT the practicality I was hoping for .4 th - The sunshade canopies began to warp.I am very disappointed with this stroller . It is NOT DURABLE and has poor quality . I am surprised that something that costs so much and is from a recognized brand could have so many problems is less than 2 months . Specially since we do n't use it too often and use it on normal city streets and sidewalks .
 I purchased this stroller for my twin daughters who were 11/2 years old . This was the worst purchase I have ever made . I thought that it was a great stoller when I tried it out at the store with my girls . However once we actually got one home it was a nightmare . You couldnt even turn a corner without lifting the back of the stoller off the ground to actually turn the thing . My girls are extremly small so its not like it was thier weight that was the issue they weighed about 15 lbs a piece at this time . The cup holder on the handle bar broke off after we used the stoller for about a week . The bars that went across the front of the seats latches broke and wouldnt hold them closed anymore after about 2 months of use . The seat belts were pretty much usless as well , if they tried to stand up the belts just slide out of the little plastic thing to hold the seat belt . The stickers on the stoller also came off right away one of them was already falling off the same day that we got it . As expensive as this stoller is you would expect alot more out of it that what we got . We were very disappointed and there was nothing the company would do for us either .
 This is one of the most expensive double strollers on the market . If someone had given it to me and I had not know the price , I would have thought it cost about $ 80 . The brand stickers fell off within the first few days . The trays stopped latching properly after about 6 months . It is hard to push and feels flimsy . Also , it is extremely hard to open and close . The storage basket drags with just a little bit of weight , causing the fabric to tear . The cup holder wo n't hold a full cup -- it will tilt down and spill all over you . Save your money !
 I bought this for our toddler because all he needs is maybe two diapers and some wipes , but we ca n't even fit that in here ! This is really too small for any practical use .
 When I saw the price of roughly $ 30 , I thought that 's reasonable for a case of six , as that is about what I used to pay when buying refills at Target . Imagine my dismay when the package arrived with one lousy refill ! Very disappointed ! I guess it was my fault for assuming I was getting a case , but $ 30 for one refill -- I could have just upgraded to a new Diaper Genie for that price . Boo . Hiss !
 We 've used Stage 1 refills for the last year even though we have a toddler eating solids , and basically everything else too ! The Stage 1s were great . Very good at keeping odors in - not much on the smelly side . Unfortunately it seems that the Stage 1s are being discontinued and we are left with these refills that we have tried , but we could n't have the Diaper Genie in the same room with us because of the very strong odor of these refills ! Now I definately do n't like the smell of dirty diapers , the only thing worse is the smell of the refills ! Please Playtex , could you go with about 10 % of the odor you add to these ?
 I ordered the wrong refill . my mistake . I now have the refill for the original . It did work with a little more effort by hand
 I was very disappointed upon receiving the diaper genie refills because I ordered Stage 2 refills and received Stage 1 -LRB- BIG difference when you 're dealing with toddler diapers versus infant diapers -RRB- . I had no choice but to return the item .
 I purchased this for my baby and immediately returned it . The quality is terrible , especially the nasal aspirator . It provides absolutely no suction whatsoever ; in fact , the cap is so loose that it falls off if you turn it upsidedown . I was n't impressed with the quality of the rest of pieces , either . It looks like the infant medicine syringe might work once or twice , but then quickly wear out , and the scissors do n't look as though they can possibly cut anything .
 This kit is horrible!On a trip back from visiting family , I despretely needed a nasal aspirator for my daughter . I went in to a store and of course , they did n't have any in packages by themselves , so buying this kit was my only option.I was n't even out to my car when I opened it up to use the nasal aspirator , and when I unzipped the top of the case , the top of the aspirator fell off before I even got it out of the packaging ! I put it back together to try to get it to work , but it had no suction at all.I did n't use anything else in this kit , because I returned it right away . But judging by the poor quality of a crutial item in this kit , I am not taking any chances with any of the other pieces.Don ' t waste your money with this product .
 We recently purchased this item and are very unhappy . The fabric was smelly and we washed it which made the fabric rough . The sheet then did not fit onto the pad and now we do not have a sheet to use . After we assembled the unit , it seems too wobbly for us to use and we are going to return the item . This was too much money for the item that we were shipped . I hope that helps so other people are not disapointed like we are .
 This backpack has a lot of great things - lots of space , etc - but there is no small pocket on the outside for keys , etc and its really annoying ! Also , the side insulated pockets for bottles are really small and do n't fit sippy cups for older kids very well . I probably would n't buy this again .
 After using this bag I truly believe that the people that designed it have never actually cared for a baby ! The entire bag is too small . The main section does not open enough to allow easy access to things inside . There are not enough pockets . The pockets that it does have do n't make sense for a diaper bag/pack . Where , exactly , do they expect the diapers to go ? The side insulated pockets are neat for bottles , but not neat enough to warrent purchasing this item . For the amount of money I paid for this I could have gone to REI and gotten a fantastic backpack that had everything I needed . As a matter of fact , I am going to return this and go to REI . I was sucked in by the name and the fact that it `` matched '' the Baby Bjorn sling . Do n't make the same mistake .
 I ordered this item in August and still waiting in November ... Ok and I finally got it . Wouldnt say it was worth the wait as it was like just any other rain canopy . I could have purchased a unbranded one instead of shelling 30 $ on this one . Oh and it doesnt fit well if you have the stroller bar !
 This basket is a cheaply made one . The mattress is not the mattress , but a roughly cut piece of foam rubber . The basket is really narrow , though long , and looks disproportionate . The fabric is of an average quality and the colour is pretty far from what you see on the picture.I guessed , it could still work , but had to reconsider this position . In like three days after delivery I 've noticed , that some yellowish powder has appeared on the floor under the shelf , where I kept the basket . First I did n't think it came from the basket , but that powder kept appearing . So I put a sheet under the basket and in a day found it covered with this powder and dead bugs ! Then I placed the basket into water , and those bugs began to crawl out - dozens of them . How do you like it ? A nice place for a baby to sleep in , do n't you think ? Along with the bugs came dirt - in a couple of minutes after I placed the basket in a tub , I had it full with dead insects , and the water was dirty brown.Now all I can do is throw this rubbishy basket away . I 'd never buy a piece like this again .
 I used a moses basket for my first child for her first 5 months , and was very pleased with the safety , portability , and ease of use . We only reluctantly traded it in for a crib when she outgrew it . For my second , I had to shop online , and tried my best to find one that looked similar to the first -LRB- which was a hand-me-down , brand unknown -RRB- . This basket , unfortunately , is a horror . It 's ugly , too narrow , and most alarmingly , has a pad that curls up the sides , which presents a SIDS hazard . I do n't normally write product reviews , but as a physician , I feel a need to warn people away from this product . Any bedding for a newborn needs to fit SNUGLY , without bulges . Buyer beware .
 I did not care for this item because it was too big for an average height baby to touch the ground in . It is big and not easy to disassemble . Also , the sound never worked . Bummer .
 we ordered this with the Lascal Kiddy Guard Avant retractable gate and it did n't work with it ... the holes do n't line up ...
 I 'm all for natural sunblock for my kid , but this stuff really just smells . I like lemongrass as much as the next guy , but I prefer it in thai food .
 This bottle pod is extremely cheap . The zipper broke off in a matter of two weeks and it really does n't seem to keep the bottle warm or cold . I would NOT recommend this bottle pod to anyone !
 I was very excited to get this , it is a beautiful design . But the fence panels are distinctly different colors so it is very obvious where the lines are . I also had to get a replacement piece because one of the panels stuck to the sheet . Not as good quality as some of the other transfers I bought : -LRB-
 BUYERS BEWARE !!!!! I ordered from tatouage designs a year ago . I never got my product . I called them and they said they would send it . Never got it . I asked for a refund after months of waiting . They said I would see it on my bank statement and to wait a month to see it . I waited , nothing . I called again , this time they said they would send a check . Never came . I called again , they said they would call me back with a check number . Never called me back . Then they did n't answer their phones for a month or so.When I finally got a hold of them , they told me to call an accountant named Hal who is dispersing return funds . Now when i call that number , the secretary always says he will call me back , but he does n't . This has been a nightmare . All I asked for was my money back , and they have put me off for month after month . I even contacted BBB.I am a single mom and work very hard for my cash , I was shocked that they robbed me like that . 65 dollars might not be a lot to some , but it is to me.Don ' t deal with this company , they rip you off , then say the company changed hands so they do n't have to pay you.Also , watch out , because all of the tatouage companies are located in the same area of Florida . They probably know eachother and know what they are doing to many people.MANY people have been ripped off by them .
 Do n't waste your money on these diapers . These are NOT the normal Pampers Swaddlers , which I love . Weirdly , the 1-2 size that arrived at my house were of shoddy quality . These are not as soft , nicely scented , or absorbant as the normal Pampers Swaddlers . They seem to be missing the internal netting . We 've had three diaper `` blow outs '' with these and none with the normal Swaddlers . Stick with the normal 1 or 2 size and skip these economy diapers . The quality just is n't the same .
 I would highly recommend paying for this product from anyone other than DAB Nutrition . They provide terrible service and refuse to honor their own pricing . They canceled my order and many others for diapers without cause and brushed everyone off when contacted . If it comes down to paying an extra cent to Amazon or any of the other vendors linked through Amazon , use them instead of DAB .
 Ahh , the ultimate controversy . I feel like I 've graduated from college to adult when the hot topic with my friends has changed from ` boxers vs briefs ' to ` huggies vs pampers ' . We did stage our own version of the Pepsi Challenge , and purchased Huggies , Papers , Luvs and even some other random brand I found in our local grocery store . I have to say , that Huggies wins hands down . Luvs leaked all the time , and was even kind of scratchy . Pampers was nice and soft , but also leaked -LRB- especially the NB size -RRB- . For us , Huggies has never leaked . The elastic bands around the legs fit well , the diapers are soft enough to not bother my son . We 've used Huggies from size NB up to 3 so far and have still preferred Huggies in each size range.Within the Huggies line , I prefer the Ultra-trim -LRB- which I guess is being called something else now ? -RRB- over the Huggies Supreme . The Supreme were extra padded and tended to bunch up . They did n't leak , but they just were n't as comfortable for my son 's frenzied activity level.As for fit , my son has always been small for his age -LRB- 10th percentile in weight , 60th percentile in height -RRB- , so I 'm not sure if that makes any difference ... maybe pampers works better for chunky kids ? Which opens up another age old controversy `` does size really matter '' ? But that 's a conversation for another day . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Both of my children developed itchy red rashes from Pampers diapers . Once I switched them to another brand -LRB- Huggies -RRB- the rash disappeared . I am not the only person I know of who has had this experience . In talking to other moms , I have heard this same tale a few times . There must be something in the chemicals they use that causes irritation on tender skin . I have never had any problems with Huggies - in fact , other than the rashes my children got from these diapers , they have never had an incident of diaper rash .
 Pampers never worked for my kids . They do not absorb as well as Huggies do . Huggies are thicker and fit baby better . And I am talkind about all huggies diapers . I have tryed few times pamplers diapers and wiped and I was not pleased at all . I bought them because I needed diapers quickly and a store close to my house carried only Pampers . They do not absorb well , they are thinner - that is why . Also if you feel comfortable puting someting on your child that was tested on animals - than do it , but animals experianced unnecessary long and painful death because the product -LRB- wipes -RRB- was tested on them . They are part of P&G . That is another reason not to buy Pampers .
 I ca n't believe so many products , for babies ' sensitive private parts , have shea butter ! You do not know if your child is going to be nut-allergic ... so do n't use products on the child that contain shea butter ! I am allergic to nuts and any personal care product -LRB- lotion , wipes , etc -RRB- that contains shea butter gives me horrible hives . If your child gets a fierce diaper rash using these , consider the possibilty of an allergy . . or better yet , do n't use nut products like shea butter -LRB- which comes from the shea NUT -RRB- on babies when you do n't know if they will be allergic ... exposing them repeatedly so early on to nuts may trigger a nut allergy due to `` system overload . ''
 My 11 month old has never had a diaper rash , until now . My husband bought these wipes yesterday . She usually uses Huggies Natural Care and we have been very pleased . These shea butter wipes gave her a rash within 24 hours . I have never seen anything like it on her . I definitely would n't recommend these wipes .
 I bought these wipes because I thought they would be nice & soft on my 12 month old daughter 's skin ... unfortunately she developped a raging , bleeding , red diaper rash . At first , I could n't figure out if it was something she ate-but her diet had n't changed - so that was not it . I changed her every hour and was bathing her a few times a day-still using the wipes-not realizing they were the culprit . Finally it hit me that we just started using these wipes . Within 24 hours of not using the wipes her bum was almost back to normal . These wipes should really have a consumer warning on them .
 These wipes clean well.They arrived promptly.They stink something fierce.I can not stand the way they smell .
 Do n't look at the old reviews of these diapers . Just look at the ones from the past few months and you 'll see what the new trend is . I would ignore any 5 star reviews as they probably work for Pampers . There 's not a conspiracy against Pampers ... Pampers changed their diapers . They had great reviews until they changed them .
 When my son was born three years ago I tried seven brands of diapers , from store brands to name brands and finally stuck with Pampers because they leaked the least and he tended to have less blow-outs with them . I loved the mesh because I felt like it helped protect his bottom . In two and a half years he only got two minor diaper rashes . When my daughter was born I again went with Pampers because I trusted the quality of the brand . When I switched from the swaddlers to the cruisers I bought a huge box and when I opened it I thought I had made a mistake in my purchase as the diaper was completely different from the old cruiser , however the box looked exactly the same . After using the box and buying another to make sure I had not made a mistake , I was disappointed to see that they had changed the diaper without saying so on the box . After about two days of using the new cruiser 's , my daughter got her first diaper rash and it was a bad one . Since then she has had three bad rashes . I truly think it is the new design . Supposedly this new diaper is improved and fantastic , but I think it sucks . The only difference is that it does n't sag as much as the old cruiser . This to me is not worth the diaper rashes . My next box of diapers will be a different brand and I again will have to search to find a diaper that will work well for my daughter without giving her the blistery-red blotchyness . I am so disappointed in the change and will not be buying them again .
 I 've used Pampers since my son was born ... and I 've always liked them better than any other brand . He 's now 3 and although we are working on potty training he still needs to wear a diaper at night . I 've never had any problems until they changed the design and now he wakes up wet every morning . They leak like crazy !!! I will be looking for another brand ASAP !
 I have had a terrible experience with Pamper 's Cruisers . My daughter is 14 months old and has only had one serious rash -LRB- a result of strong antibiotics -RRB- . I had never used pamper 's cruisers until last week . I had a coupon and thought I would give it a try . In less than a week my daughter broke out in the worse rash I had ever seen ! There were open blisters and nothing I tried seemed to provide her any relief . My Aunt happened to see a story on the news about the diapers so I switched back to my generic brand -LRB- Target diapers are great , by the way -RRB- and within 48 hours her rash was almost completely cleared up . I am convinced it was the diapers that caused the reaction .
 I HAVE BOUGHT MANY BOXES OF PAMPERS FOR 42 DOLLARS FROM AMAZON . TO SELL THEM FOR 59 IS HIGHWAY ROBBERY . SHAME ON YOU AMAZON
 I was using only Pampers brand , first Swaddlers and then Cruisers since my daughter was born in 2008 . Several months ago she developed stubborn rash and started leaking . Only after reading reviews today and closely examining a diaper I realized that the design was changed . Now I need to find another diaper brand that will work well , and it 's a headache . I do n't give a damn if this new design is better for the environment , but I do care about my daughter . I 'm very disappointed.An update -LRB- 04/22/2010 -RRB-
 I have used Pampers on my baby since she was a newborn . I do n't know why Pampers changed the cruisers . It used to be soft , have a great cover lining and be very absorbent.Now they are very papery , they took out the lining and it takes minutes for the diaper to absorb the pee . Also , the absorbent material goes only half way up the diaper.So disappointed ! Just bought a 180 ct box ...
 Amazon sucks , I did not get the product at all . Initially they told it will be shipped on 31st July then it postponed to 14th August 07 , I waited for almost until 22nd August 07 and nothing has happened . I had to buy Pampers from local store twice within this period . Finally I called up amazon and cancelled my order . I would not advice to go for this option at all , you would never get your order , it sucks waiting for the shipment and have to call to know the status . The online status still shows the estimated arrival date on 14th August 07 .
 I have ordered these diapers from amazon before with no problems . I have waited over a month for my most recent order . Needless to say , 24hours is optimistic .
 Enough single-use garbage diapers are used in the U.S. each year to reach to the moon and back . Think about where they come from and where they go . What kind of world do you want your kids to live in?Cloth diapers are not difficult , and regardless of the propoganda of the garbage diaper companies , they have no where near the negative environmental impact .
 I had Huggies for my daughter since she was born and I was very pleased but a friend recommended Cruiser 's so I decided to try . The first difference I noticed was the gel , it was like `` fluffier '' so with a little liquid the gel got bulky . The second was that her skin felt wet all the time . So with this 2 issues price/quantity convenience just vanished because I had to change much more often -LRB- like 10 to 12 times a day -RRB- . The worst was that after the first week of use she had a very bad diaper rash . Since we changed diapers brand and formula at the same time we did n't know for sure what was the cause , and the pediatrician told me that changes in food could cause poop and urine PH change . So I started changing diapers even more frequently and using tons of baby ointment and she got better . The next week the rash appeared again , and again i used a lot of ointment in every change but nothing happened . I changed ointment and rash was getting so bad she cryied on every bowel movement and screamed on every pee , and one day the sores even started to bled . Finally I decided it was too much and went back to huggies , she started to heal an the rash dissappeared within a week .
 i have always used pampers . i was even currently using pampers cruisers . when i received this box of diapers , all was normal . Until my daughter peed in the diaper . After she peed , it smelled like poop and left her raw . EVERY diaper i put on her out of that box did this to her . i have NEVER had any problems with pampers before . something is terribly wrong with that batch of diapers .
 Initially I was excited to find the `` jumbo '' box of pampers available online - I live in Manhattan and ca n't easily make it to a Costco/Sam 's / BJs/Price Club . However , the price on this item is n't as good of a deal as when they first started offering it . In fact , I get a bettter price `` per diaper '' using our local online grocer . Do the math before you buy !
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this !
 ridiculous quality change in cruisers . I loved pampers swaddlers and cruisers , i used them for my son , they were the best and worth the extra money , NOT ANYMORE ! I will never buy them again . we are on a tight budget but i would pay extra for cruisers , not anymore , they leak , they do n't have the mesh lining , they give my boy very bad rashes , it 's horrible ! this is how they treat us loyal customers , swapping quality for trash and charging the same . despicable . save your money until they hear us customers and change back to the quality we 've come to expect and were willing to pay for .
 Like the other mom reviewer , I always used cruisers . The latest box did not indicate that Proctor and Gamble had altered the product . The new ones with mesh liner are not as aborbent . My son leaked nightly and soaked his clothes and his sheets . This did not happen when we used the original version of Pamper cruisers .
 These are $ 34.99 at Publix grocery store . Plus , you can use coupons at the store . I did n't find anywhere to use them on Amazon .
 I love pampers cruisers and swaddlers . Cloth like , very little leakage , no leaking blue gels , and no stuck together gatherings . Unfortunately , I found out that my second child all the sudden became allergic to Pampers ; I think it 's the new ones with dry weave liners . He started to have red bumps on his bottom everywhere not characteristic of diaper rash -LRB- back , crotch , scrotum -RRB- and will not go away with diaper rash cream , topical antibiotics nor antifungals . I 'm a pediatrician so I was really puzzled . I finally switched him to Huggies and used steroid cream and they went away . I even called Pampers and they told me that the diapers are still the same . ? @ $ # $ I found out that this is not uncommon with Pampers . So moms beware . If your baby comes down with just red bumps everywhere and will not get better with diaper rash crea or antifungals -LRB- nystatin , clotrimazole -RRB- , it might be an allergic reaction .
 quality is much worse than DRY BABY , but much more expensive than that . I think it 's because of manufacture wants reduce costs . The photo of the products not match wtat thay send to you , not BABY EASY GRIPs , BUT `` COMFORT AND FLEXIBLE '' , taht you can find in any BABY RUS sores with price of 40.99 , they give you $ 15 gift card , if you buy two . Anyway , I do n't recommend you to buy thenm in BABYRUS eather , because the poor quality . They do n't absorb much . Also , it is not returnable after you buy it online here .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 The new Cruisers leak all the time . I will be switching brands after using Pampers for almost 2 years .
 I bought a box back in October and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work ?
 I used to be a dedicated Pampers consumer since my baby was born . This last round of pampers diapers were poorly contructedWhen the baby wears them you can see from outside of the diapers that the padding ends much lower than in prevous versions of this diaper . There used to be a mesh on the inside to keep moisture away and that is now gone.My baby is on the low end of the weight requirement for this diaper and they still leak.I have since switched from Pampers .
 I have used Pampers Swaddlers on my baby girl for 16 months with no problems at all . Then , I finally switched to Cruisers -LRB- she 's still small , less than 20 pounds , but is walking so I thought it was time to switch when I ran out of Swaddlers -RRB- . Well , my first problem with the Cruisers is how cheaply they are made ! The `` sticky '' closure tabs are a disaster . In the first package , I must have had at least 5 or 6 that were either missing one or both tabs , or one of the tabs was `` sewn '' down to the diaper and unusable . So frustrating ! I hate throwing away an unworn diaper ! Waste of money and just a waste of a diaper.My daughter also got her very first diaper rash of her entire life within about a week of starting to use the Cruisers . Never had a single problem with any kind of irritation when she was wearing Swaddlers , but now she seems to get them frequently and they are so bad that they make her squirm and writhe and scream in pain , not only when I 'm changing her diaper but any time that she is sitting down while wearing even a slightly dirty/wet Cruisers diaper . I have 3 bags of these left -LRB- luckily I did n't buy a 6-month supply ! -RRB- and I think I will throw them out . It was n't until I read other negative reviews about diaper rashes that I put 2 + 2 together that this must be the cause of my daughter 's horrible rashes . Going to Cruisers is the only change I 've made with her and suddenly she is breaking out in open-sored rashes every week . If I can prevent this agony for her , then it 's good-bye Cruisers !!
 The size 7 Pampers is not that much bigger than the size 6 , just less diapers in the package . Half the time my son wakes in the morning with one of the tabs torn and the diaper hanging.I wo n't buy these again .
 I tried these diapers for the first time a week and a half ago , and now my son has the most severe rash that I 've ever seen . He never had any problems with the normal pampers but as soon as I switched hie broke out . I 've been putting cream on him , and that does n't even help . Luckily he is going to the doctors tomorrow . I would n't have even know the cause , had there not been a news story today about this brand causing rashes in lots of babies . I will no longer be using Pampers brand diapers .
 Let me begin by telling you all I have always loved the pampers brand diapers . Since my son was born , i used swaddles and then went onto cruisers . He is 20 months old and I have never had any problems . This last box i ordered has the worst quality of diapers . I think they are just packaging their `` newer '' version in these . These are so thin and i have had leaks since the day my son is using them . I am soooo disappointed.I was just hoping its my box and they are not using this tactic on every box but several of my friends told me about the same issue.I dont mind paying a few cents per diaper more for good quality but this is just ridiculous . I then went out and bought huggies movers and I think once this box finishes , I am just going to convert to huggies .
 I have always used Pampers and LOVED them until two weeks ago . WHAT HAPPENED ? Pampers Cruisers used to be white and have a mesh liner . They were by far the best disposable diaper out there and my daughter never got diaper rash , leaks , or blowouts.Now the diapers have a bluish/purplish tint , have a very strong chemical odor that any sane person would n't get near a baby , and they leak like a generic brand . The worst part is the diaper rash ; my daughter has never been prone to even minor diaper rash and within two changes she was bright red and blistering everywhere the absorbent area was touching her , and she was screaming and squirming when I tried to put another diaper on her . I have tried buying several packages , with the `` Dry Max '' logo and without , and it seems to only be the bluish/purplish tinted diapers that smell strongly of chemicals that cause the bad reaction . This is not specific to my daughter as other reviewers have reported the same reaction.Pampers obviously did not bother to test these before putting them out to the public , and I do n't appreciate my baby being used as a guinea pig for some new toxic absorbency chemical . I am writing this review in the hope that Pampers will listen and change back to their previous and far superior design . Otherwise , I am on the hunt for a new brand of diapers .
 Yes we found out , too , when the new box was delivered . I noticed right away it was so thin and the mesh lining was nowhere to be found . Sigh ... I went to Pampers website and they do n't mention anything . I guess they did n't want to advertise they cut cost . The exterior of box looks the same , too , except the product is no longer the same quality . On Amazon product description diagram , they show the old design with mesh liner , which is no longer there . Pampers cruiser now looks like their cheaper Baby Dry model . We 've been using pampers since my daughter was a newborn , when I tried so many diapers and decided on cruisers . But now we will have to change to something else ! It 's not Amazon 's fault but we will be stopping our diaper subscribe & save , too . Arg ... . So annoying !
 I bought a new box a cruisers and notice right away there was no mesh liner anymore . I have a 9 month old and has always used pampers . I used to love the cruisers but now the new diapers are not as soft and they leak . I suppose Pampers found a way to cut costs .
 We 've used Pampers brand since our 17 month old was born , and really loved the Crusiers . However , they 're `` trying out '' a mesh liner . It 's horrible and we 've had really bad diaper rash . The ONLY thing that changed in our baby 's world was the diapers ... . same foods , same wipes , same diaper cream , same people changing her , same diaper brand and size but a totally different lineI called Pampers to complain , and they said it 's just something that they were trying and that they 'd send me coupons . There 's no labeling on the box that it 's a design change -- and it 's a mega box so there are 140 diapers that I 'll never go near and ca n't even imagine giving away to some unsuspecting family . And what good are coupons if I ca n't avoid the problem diapers?How could P&G ; even think that it was a good idea to go mass-market with this design ? Try rubbing the mesh against your upper lip , and you can imagine what it feels like on a soft baby 's bottom . My husband compared the design to the dishcloth scrubby side.Needless to say I am really really angry with P&G ; and I do n't know if I 'll ever buy Cruisers again . A `` temporary '' unmarked design change for a part of the diaper that goes against the most sensitive skin is really really stupid .
 I wrote the following review in December 2009 on a smaller box of size 4 : I bought a box back in October 2009 and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G ; that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G ; have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G ; and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work?Update : Still not having real problems with leakage of pee , but again , my son is small and not a heavy wetter . But poop ! That is the problem ! As I suspected would happen - without the mesh liner and without the absorbent layer on the backside my son now has a rash on the front side and on his genitals , and around the legs due to a few loose bowel movements having nowhere else to go but to the front and out the sides . With the mesh liner the poop would have been siphoned into the diaper - and now that 's impossible - it just gets squished around all over the inside of the diaper and out the sides . Wish the little bugger would n't hide from me when he poops . Customer Relations told me that the diaper was not designed to absorb poop - I guess the geniuses at P&G ; did n't realize they had a product that actually helped in that area - the OLD CRUISER - and they 've gone and f 'd it up .
 These new diapers are HORRIBLE . They are leaky , thin , and absolutely cheap ! They do NOT absorb as well ! There is no absorbent liner in the back of the diaper for poops anymore !! When you compare the two side by side the difference is unbelievable ! A lot less soft , thin and papery and cheap feeling ! No mesh and only half a liner !!! I have heard all the excuses from Pampers as to `` Just go up a size '' or this is `` New technology '' or `` your problems are unexpected and rare '' It is absolute bull . Go to facebook group `` Pampers Bring Back The Old Cruisers '' and you will find all the information you could need about this serious downgrade ! They have pictures and a lot of information . This was the hottest topic on Pampers website but they have conveniently gotten rid of links to the hottest forum on their main page . You can still find the forum listed under Pampers Village Forums \ Pampers Website \ Feedback Discussions \ Pampers Low Blow . A total shame and now a poor excuse for a premium diaper .
 I loved the old Pampers Cruisers , but the new `` Dry Max '' ones are awful . I 've had leaks , which I 've reported to Customer Service . They acted as if they were unaware of how many unhappy consumers there were , despite complaints all over the internet . When my baby wore these overnight , the dye ... or something else from the diaper ... stained the inside of her light-colored sleeping pants . Also , her diaper area looks irritated , which is not usual for her . After hearing about the CPSA investigation into this diaper , I am switching immediately to a different brand . I 'm really disappointed with Pampers , and in Proctor & Gamble for their lack of attentiveness to customer complaints .
 BUYERS BEWARE !!!! Do not pay attention to all the positive ratings prior to December 2009 . The product is not the same.I have been a pamper customer since the day my baby was born . The old swaddlers and cruisers were great , with the mesh lining . However , pampers switched the product without changing the packaging , duping its customers to pay the same premium $ $ for an inferior product . The new cruisers are horrible and prone to leaking as the new lining does n't hold the same amount of pee overnight . Gone is the mesh lining that used to wick away the moisture from baby 's skin . Seems like these new cruisers are the old Pampers Baby Dry.I guess now I will have to search for another brand , since I am so disappointed with Pampers .
 We were disappointed to see that Pampers changed their diapers without notifying consumers . The biggest complaint we have was the removal of the mesh liner - which was the whole reason we were loyal to buying Pampers Cruisers . These diapers give our daughter a horrible rash now every time she wears one . We have since switched to cloth and will not buy any Pampers product again unless they bring back the old liner . There is also NO absorbent layer on the entire back panel of the diaper ! If DD is laying on her back , it all just comes right out the back side ! They are an inferior product now , but still charging premium prices . I 'd rather buy a store brand at this point , if I were n't totally giving up on disposables altogether ! Very upset about this change . We used to love them , and have been buying them since DD was born - but no more .
 Our daughter graduated from the Swaddlers to the Cruisers . We bought 2 boxes , because we figured she 'll need a lot of diapers . We liked the fit and they did n't leak BUT they left little cotton pieces all over.She started to get mild irritation on her bottom.We contacted Pampers and they sent a coupon for replacement diapers . There was no correspondence from them , just a coupon . We assumed that pack was just defective.We bought another box . It still left cotton . We returned it and bought another . Finally a package that did n't leave cotton pieces ! Yet her irritation changed to a rash covering her whole bottom , her lower abdomen and lower back -LRB- everywhere the diaper touched ... but not in the creases ... -RRB- . We stopped using her wipes , thinking we were wiping off the bits of cotton too hard . Then in a few days her rash had developed further.We thought maybe it was allergies , so I stopped introducing new foods . It persisted , then we thought it was diaper rash due to moisture ; therefore we changed her every hour . We lathered her in diaper rash medications , trying 4 different ones -- none of which worked . We gave her Aveeno baths and the rash would become milder , but would come back just as bad in a few hours . Then a doctor told us it was it was fungal . . yea gross ! Therefore we treated it by applying a topical cream twice a day for weeks . This helped reduce the irritation by half , at least , but it still persisted .3 months we thought of everything , we tried everything for a few days to see if it would go away but nothing seemed to cure it !! Finally , I said that I did n't want to use the diapers at all for a week . We switched to Huggies . Like magic -- I kid you not -- in 2 days the rash was almost completely gone . Today , 4 days later , there was no sign of any irritation at all !! Searching online , I have found other cases of parents having the same problem :-LRB- We are contacting Pampers to see what might be causing this , because she does n't have allergies nor does she have sensitive skin.For those of you that it does n't cause a rash , you are lucky . For others , if you are seeing a rash , I 'd try another brand : -LRB-
 We started ordering pampers from Amazon a few months ago , when Pampers were $ 7.49 a pack . Why all the sudden the $ 3.00 price increase ? That is a huge and unfair rate increase , and makes ordering online no longer a savings . I can get a better price at Meijer -LRB- $ 9.49 -RRB- , and that 's BEFORE I use coupons . It 's disappointing that this product will no longer be offered at a good price . No incentive to come to Amazon and shop anymore . What a shame . Hopefully enough people who express concern can help make a change . I 'll be glad to come back to Amazon when the great price comes back .
 I did n't find that these are worth the extra money that you pay . After wearing these for 2 days , my daughter developed a pretty nasty diaper rash . After about a week and a half of not clearing up , I decided to put her back in some Huggies . Her rash cleared up within 2 more days . That is not why I am giving them such low marks though . EVERY morning , my daughter would be drenched from the Cruisers leaking ! We did n't and still do n't have that problem with the Huggies . I will save myself grief and money and stick with the good old Huggies .
 I was fan of pampers till i was using swaddlers.As soon as it was time for cruisers , nops.They claim `` try it overnight '' . I say it ca n't stand it even for a a couple of hrs.I can see tits and bits of cotton or whatever it is on my baby .
 Like many of the previous posters , I have been using Pampers since my son was born almost two years ago . The new ones are terrible . They leak to the point that my son wakes up because he 's soaking wet every night -LRB- necessitating a diaper and pajama change , which completely wakes him up , so it takes a good hour or two before he settles down and goes back to sleep -RRB- . I 'm hugely disappointed , have contacted Pampers Customer Service but no response yet . In the meantime , am also searching for a new diaper .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 I have always love the pampers cruisers , because they did keep my baby dry and they did n't leak ... not any more Pampers have now taken out the wonderful mesh liner that is still on the picture , and now I ca n't stand them . We live in the high desert and so my daughter drinks more than if we lived anywhere else in the country . Now I have n't had one diaper , no matter how long it is on , that has n't leaked . I am so disappointed . Do n't waste your money , because if you do n't like the baby dry , that is what your paying the higher price for now . I wish I could have given them no stars , used to be 5 .
 My son is 13 months old and I bought a pack of these because I had a coupon . Bad Idea ! My son usually wears Luvs . I 've never had a problem with Luvs . The first night i let my son sleep in Pampers there was pee everywhere . I will Never buy them again . Luvs for life !
 If your planning on buying Pampers Cruisers , or any other diaper , from Amazon ... DO N'T !! By the time they ship it , your baby will have grown into the next size diaper . Ordered Pampers on April 1st . As of April 22 , they had n't even shipped them yet . Makes you wonder if maybe this free shipping idea is a loss leader ?? Do n't waste your time with free shipping . Furthermore , do n't waste your time with paying shipping either . I 'll bet you anything your paying too much for the item + shipping anyway !!
 Half of the diapers burst open spilling the diaper pellets EVERYWHERE . Amazon credited me $ 10 . Not much comfort considering I spent $ 60 on the boxes of diapers . They told me that they were aware of the problem . I would have ordered a different diaper if I knew about the problem ahead of time .
 I have been using pampers for almost 2 years . I have two babies both under 2 years old . DO N'T trust the promotion of all these business . SPAM !!!! It always break and the inside stuff are all over the place . TRY to use other store brand diaper . MUCH CHEAPER !!! NO DIFFERENT !!! even better at least does n't break !!!
 I have been a loyal cutomer to pampers for the past 20 months and have almost always bought my pampers swaddlers and cruisers from here at Amazon because they always had the best deal in town . I have stuck with Amazon even though their prices slowly crept up from $ 26.99 a box to now $ 33.49 a box and without coupons . I did so because I was so appreciative of their free shipping offer to here in Hawaii which saved me the trek across the island to the only toysrus here in Hawaii . Thus , I was so excited to see on December 1st , 2005 that you had a pampers promotion going on . I immediately attempted to buy 4 cases until I realized that you no longer ship to Hawaii . I ca n't even pay Amazon to ship their pampers to me because they no longer ship outside of the continental United States ! Amazon , you guys were among the first to recognize Hawaii as part of the U.S. and offer shipping prices or free shipping that was the same as the rest of the continental U.S. . You held back , unlike many other companies , and did n't charge ridiculous prices to mail items to Hawaii . Please reconsider shipping to Hawaii again .
 Who designed the shape of Pamper diapers ? I feel it is the worst shape for a diaper . Its tab is far blow waist position , which induces my son leaking poos from back and leaking pees from sides . To avoid leaking , I have to tightly package him , which induce red inprint on his legs . I bought Huggies diapers and Especially for Baby diapers for my son . He seems comfortable in them . Most important , no leaking happens any more ! My son weight only 15 lbs .
 After my 1yo constantly getting red marks on her hips , we switched to Huggies ! Not even Pampers cruisers have enough stretch to them to accomodate for chubby thighs :-RRB- I guess if you have a petite one , you 'll love these , but for those who have chubby bubs like me , you wo n't be so happy with these !
 I continue to use Pamper 's Cruisers but definitely not happily . That being said I 've tried others and they either are too bulky -LRB- Huggies -RRB- or also soak through . I have a dd that has been out of diapers for over 3 years and back then they were great . Now they soak through . They leak , not from the sides but staight from the middle of the diaper . They can not be worn wet for more than a short time b/c they will soak right through . I recently found a size 5 left over from over 3 years ago and this problem did not occur . I definitely do n't remember having this issue . My dd wore them all the time and even through the night , now I have to use Huggies nighttime or the pajamas and crib sheets would all be wet . Very disappointing but I have n't found anything better .
 Like other reviewers , my son also had a terrible rash after we switched from Swaddlers to Cruisers . Our pediatrician had no idea what it was and prescribed an anti-fungal ointment and a hydrocortisone lotion . After more than a week using both , the rash just continued to get worse . We bought a package of Pampers Baby Dry just to see if a different diaper helped , and the rash cleared up within two days . I did n't really believe that it was the Cruisers diapers causing the rash since the Swaddlers and Baby Dry were fine -LRB- all Pampers brand -RRB- , but when we tried using the Cruisers on him again a few weeks later -LRB- we had a ton left over -RRB- the rash came back after just a day . I did a quick search online and found lots of people have this problem . If you use these diapers , watch carefully for a rash and change to a different line of diapers right away if you see it and save your baby the pain and discomfort !
 Love the diapers ... used to pay $ 7.49 ... with 2 kids in diapers ... forget $ 70/month at amazon . At $ 10.49 a pack , my money goes back to Costco .
 I was unsatisfied with the Pampers Cruisers Size 7 since they were n't much larger than Size 6 . I would recommend to parents to save their money and buy size 6 .
 Love the product but dont get it on Amazon . The same value pack -LRB- 124 pieces -RRB- costs only $ 29.89 at BJ 's .
 I ordered the Pampers Size 7 diapers for my 7.5 year old Special Needs daughter that is not yet potty trained . I have ordered her diapers Size 7 through amazon for some time now , because it is hard to find over Size 6 in the stores . So this has become one of my only options . The diapers have usually arrived in a timely fashion...2-4 days.This time I ordered her the same case of diapers on December 5th and it now Monday night Dec. 13th and I still have NOT received them . -LRB- I had to go buy size 6 at the store just to get us through -RRB- This has been way too long , I feel you should cover the cost . I will wait to hear from you .
 It is very tricky because you would think is the same size of box what Babiesrus sells and sounds like such a good price for it but when you get it delivered you see that is way less quantity then you used to buy your value pack pampers , so my advice for other purchasers is to pay attention to the quantity before you think is a good deal .
 I was buying diapers for my 17 month old daughter at Target when I saw these for the first time . I was SO excited because her size 6 diapers are getting to be too small , but she 's not ready for potty training yet , and I did n't know what I was going to do ! I tried them out as soon as we got home , and unfortunately I was pretty disapointed because they are still small on her . She is a BIG girl though , she weighs about 50 lbs . -LRB- she 's vegetarian and eats very little junk food , so I do n't know why she is so big . I think it may be because she still nurses a lot at night , but I ca n't say for sure -RRB- . The straps were hard to fasten around her belly because they are too short , and they do n't stick very well either . She ended up walking around with one side unfastened most of the time . So while I 'm not going to buy these diapers for her again , these would probably work great for a thinner child . As for us , I 'm going to stick with her Luv 's size 6 diapers because they fit better , and they 're about half the price .
 These diapers are the most awfulest things I think I ever bought for my baby . I received a lot of the `` swaddler '' size for my baby shower and I tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth . Stopped using them and lo and behold , diaper rash gone . Fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied . Figuring that my son was older , maybe they would n't do as much harm . Wrong . The rash came back with a vengeance . I had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay . I think it 's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside . Definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin !
 I have n't received the 30 $ coupon for purchasing pampers diaper for more than 99 $ . It has been told May we will receive the coupons . But so far I have n't recived it like other people .
 So I received the new `` dry max '' diapers and yes , like the other reviewers are saying they have the look and feel of your average , cheap generic brand diaper with the old pampers price . Not exactly a soft and comfortable diaper like the old pampers . It 's a bummer to have to look for a new brand of something I have n't given a second thought about for the last 8 months . Many are asking `` why would pampers do this ? '' Here are my thoughts on the issue . As you may have noticed , there has been a major global economic downturn . Proctor & Gamble -LRB- makers of Pampers -RRB- has traditionally sold high-end products at a premium price -LRB- think Tide , crest , Pantene , Duracell , etc -RRB- . The economy has forced many people to switch to cheaper brands , leaving P&G with billions in losses and over 3 % decline in revenue in 2009 . Bob McDonald , the new CEO of P&G , came in with guns blazing with a plan to increase profits -LRB- see USAToday 's article `` Proctor & Gamble Looks Beyond U.S. Borders '' -RRB- . In the case of Pampers , he was left with a choice to increase profits
 I just wanted to let people know that these diapers , while they fit my son very well , caused a horrible diaper rash that would not go away until we switched diaper brands completely.My little boy has not had any other reactions or rashes , so I do n't think it 's just sensitive skin , but once we had to go to cruisers from swaddlers , he started having a mild diaper rash . After a week , we took him to the Doctor , and they told us to try one prescription ... it got better for a while , then came back horribly . . we tried changing him many times a day because we thought it was just because we were n't changing him enough , and I think that actually made it worse . . little red raw rash blisters all over his bottom . We tried switching formulas and foods too , in the meantime ... but back to the Dr , more prescriptions now . This time they do n't help much at all , and then he started having allergic reactions elsewhere , on his back and his eye got puffy , so we rushed him back the doctor because we thought he was really sick , and one of the nurses suggested we switch diapers when she saw the cruisers ... so we ran by walmart and got a few packs of cheap diapers to try , and viola ! Diaper rash is almost completely gone after one day in white cloud diapers . We tried a couple more off brands and no irritation ... then just to check we used one of the cruisers we had left , and Bam . One diaper , new rash bumps . We threw the rest out.I know that some people do n't have any trouble with these , but please be aware that if your child has a persistent rash , it could be these diapers . It 's something to keep in mind .
 My daughter had serious diaper rash when wearing these diapers . I thought I have gotten the old version . Then it turns out the new Dry Max in the old box . What a sneaky way to cheat the customers ! Do n't they think we can tell ?!
 The only reason these diapers received even one star from me is because I did n't have a choice of zero stars . I used to be devoted to Pampers diapers ... they were by far the best diaper on the market . I used the new DryMax Cruisers for only 2 days because my son came out in a horrible red rash , which only got better once I stopped using these diapers -LRB- I switched to Huggies # . There is a Facebook group called ` Pampers Bring Back the Old Cruisers/Swaddlers ' if anyone is interested in checking it out ... over 2750 members , many of whom are alleging that the new Pampers have caused their babies to suffer rashes/chemical burns . Link is below :[ ... -RSB- WHY HAVE PAMPERS NOT ISSUED A RECALL YET , DESPITE THOUSANDS OF PARENTS NOW ALLEGING THAT THE DIAPER IS CAUSING RASHES & CHEMICAL BURNS TO THEIR BABIES ?????? I 'm so disgusted with Pampers treatment of its -LRB- once loyal -RRB- customers that I 'm not sure I 'd go back to them even if they brought back the old Swaddlers/Cruisers now ... what an arrogant and out of touch management team they have at Pampers ...
 Along with our daughter , SEVERAL moms in my moms club have notified all of us of the severe reactions that their children are having since using the Dry Max diapers.My daughter has never had sensitive skin , so I figured they were probably over-reacting and went ahead and bought the diapers anyway . Boy was that a mistake . My poor daughter paid for that mistake for weeks , as did we . She had the horrible sores , etc. that everyone else was mentioning.Do NOT buy dry-max diapers.I am sorely disappointed that Amazon is n't offering the Pampers Cruisers Size 7 , without the drymax anymore . We 'll have to shop elsewhere , now . : -LRB-
 When I ordered this box of Cruisers , the product feature said `` Absorb Away mesh liner '' . So I thoughtI finally found a box of the old Pampers Cruisers . When the box finally arrived at my house I was excitedto open it , but to my disappointment , it 's the same horrible `` dry max '' type of cruisers . Please do n't fall for this false advertisement .
 I was disappointed in these diapers . Pampers Cruisers are still the only diaper I will ever buy , but will make sure they are not the ones like these with the mesh liner . They are thinner , smaller , and less absorbent . These are a cheap imitation of the original Pampers Cruisers .
 Even on sale at Amazon , this is not one of the better prices I 've found on these diapers . Even at regular price , they are $ 9 - $ 10 at Wal-Mart and with a coupon , you can purchase them for $ 7 - $ 9 depending on the coupon . The diapers are great , the prices are not .
 I love Pampers Cruisers and ordered some a few weeks ago when the price was low . I STILL have n't recieved the diapers ! It 's taking forever ! I checked back and I ca n't believe the price increase . I wo n't be buying these here anymore ... WalMart it is !
 I tried this for my daughter when she started crawling , but it leaves residue -LRB- white diaper gel -RRB-
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 We have found this to be a dangerous product ! We have been buying cruisers for a while and then about a month and a half ago , we purchased two large economy packs of the number 5 Cruisers and had horrible problems with exploding diapers . The elastic strip along the leg tears away from the diaper and all the silica material falls out of the diaper . This should not be happening ! We change our baby frequently and he is only 24 lbs and the diapers go up to 35 lbs . One time , we came in to his room and the silica was all over his crib and he was putting it in his mouth ! And it 's not a volume problem because it happens during the day when there is not all that much pee in the diaper . We figured we got a bad batch . When we bought a smaller package from CVS , we did not have this problem , but when we went back to buying the economy size at Target , the silica leaking started to happen again . It is also impossible to get those little sticky things of silica off his bottom and legs and they irritate his skin , so we 've had to dunk him in the tub sometimes twice a day to get it off . If he touches it and then rubs his eyes -LRB- before we realize that there has been another leak -RRB- , it irritates them.I called customer service at Pampers and it was a joke . I told the service person what had happened and how upset I was , and he said that there was no way he could guarantee me a call back . What ? I told him that was totally unacceptable and that this was a defective product . Again , he said he 'd make a note of it but that they get so many calls that I very well may not get a call back . He was right . I did n't . I have since spoken with mothers in my same area -LRB- Chicago -RRB- who have had similar problems and thought they were the only ones . They , too , called Pampers customer service line and were totally ignored . One , like me , had found her little girl with a mouth full of the silica that had come out of the diaper while she was playing . I am now sending a letter to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . If you have had similar problems with the elastic seam separating from the diaper so that the silica comes out the side , * please * call Pampers and complain . If they do nothing , contact the product safety commission or e-mail your local product safety TV news reporter to do a story on this . Pampers is totally unresponsive to a very real problem . How many kids have to ingest silica before they address this problem ?
 I 've been using Pampers ' Cruisers for my baby eversince she was borned . The absorbent was great and nice Sesame Street Characters . However , I feel very disappointed due to the product is not consistant . First , they changed the quality of the outside layer of the diaper becomes thinner and look cheap . -LRB- It was used to be thick and soft -RRB- . Second , they changed the liner in MESH TYPE . The absorbent is terrible and my baby had diaper rash because of the rough mesh liner . How rough it is ? The mesh liner is similar as the sport pant 's liner . Also , the new generation of Pampers ' Cruiser becomes thinner and less absorbence . I have no idea why they modified the product becomes so cheap and bad quality . To be honest , it is the reason for me to switch to Huggie 's Supreme . As a consumer , I would like to buy the product because of their quality consistancy . Why would the consumer spent more money on the diaper ? Because they want better quality and outstanding product to have a peace of mind !! Think twice when you are planning to buy the Pampers ' Cruisers now !
 I have always ordered diapers from Amazon ... The past 2 times , the diapers have been old and sticking together -LRB- apparently from heat -RRB- ... Upset at the lack of quality these days !
 I love these diapers and they were a good deal at $ 7.49 however the price increased to $ 10.49 overnight . Now it is much cheaper to buy them at Target or the grocery store .
 Internal surface greed , for keep cotton absorber on place , do not hold cotton fibers propertly , a lot of it sleep on my doghter skin after usage of this dipers . Can be used with limitation . Absorbtion abilities is outstanding .
 the cost of these diapers are way more than you would pay at any local retailer or national chain ... then to use a coupon on top of that ... wow what a difference . Save your money and shipping costs and go to Target . Do price per diaper comparisons and you would be surprised how much diapers cost and how to save money !!
 Baby would wake with completely soaked bed in these . Went through several packs with same results . Switched to cheaper priced `` H '' brand diapers and not one leak and diaper barely even filled . Will never buy these again !!!
 We have been using pampers since the beginning of time . For the past 6 months , every single diaper has broken and beads come out like crazy . Of course , you 're thinking , `` change your kid more often . '' That 's absolutely not the issue at all . My children get changed immediately . This has not stopped the diapers from breaking literally apart . I thought I got a bad batch , but that 's not it either . Too bad !!!
 We have used Pampers since the day my daughter was born . I am all for spending a little bit more to go for a brand I trust . And who would n't trust Pampers ?! I used Swaddlers and then progressed to Cruisers with the mesh lining and never had a problem with leakage or rashes . In fact I thought it was the best diaper I have ever used . -LRB- I have used another competitor 's diapers once and it always leaked on my daughter -RRB- Then came the day I noticed something was different in the diaper . It just felt different , almost cardboard-like and much thinner . Also the back lining did n't seem to go all the way to the top ! Have I never noticed that ?! Hmm , I did n't have anything to compare it to and diaper changing time is n't the best time to think - speed is crucial !! Afterwards I had a peak at the box it came in and it looked exactly the same as before . A few days later , the same niggling suspicion bugged me , especially after I noticed my daughter seemed to be scratching her back -LRB- where the diaper ends -RRB- a lot more than normal and wondered if something was irritating her skin . I googled it and lo and behold , read about how Pampers has changed the diaper design and took away the mesh lining ! Ohhhh OF COURSE , the mesh lining !!! How could I forget that ?! No wonder it looked different . I then started going through my pile of diapers and the diaper bag and found a couple of spare old diapers and compared them side by side . Now it looks pretty obvious . The mesh lining was gone , the lining stops a few inches before the top of the diaper -LRB- why !? -RRB- , and it does feel thinner . Without the mesh lining , the new diaper felt ` scratchy ' - that is the best way I can describe it . It just looked cheaper and less lush , less padded , and felt more uncomfortable to the touch.Although my daughter had not experienced a rash -LRB- or burn as some moms described their experience -RRB- , which may be because we always put cream on her during a diaper change , we were n't planning on waiting around to find out . Plus I was furious that they deceived us by changing what is in the box of diapers we have grown to love , without any indication whatsoever ! We started educating ourselves about chemicals in diapers and then decided to swap to another brand which does not use bleach in their diapers . We are happier to know that we are putting her in something hopefully safe.Why did Pampers have to change the design of something which was perfect ? Why did they NOT inform the consumers of the change if it was as good as they claim it to be ? Sneaking their best diaper technology YET into old boxes does n't seem like a good marketing strategy , if any . It will take them a long time to earn back the trust of many moms . I know for sure they have lost my business.Please note that most reviews pre-2010 are 5 stars , and rightly so ! However the sheer number of bad reviews dated 2010 is evidence that parents are not happy with the new diapers . Please be cautious and choose what is best for your baby .
 I got some of the old style Pampers diapers without drymax at my shower along with every other brand of diaper . I loved the swaddlers , baby dry and cruisers so I decided to stick with Pampers when I finally needed to buy diapers . I bought the size 3 Cruisers with Drymax and they are actually pretty terrible . There is no leak guard in the rear so i 'm thinking that 's why every time my little boy goes # 2 it comes right out of the back of the diaper ! Needless to say i 'm very disappointed with the new Cruisers . The only thing good about them is they do hold a lot of pee , which is all my baby does through the night , so i 'll keep using them for nighttime only . I 've had absolutely no leaks as far as pee goes .
 They changed the design of the Cruisers diapers . We used to buy Pampers Baby-Dry diapers for day use and Cruisers for night use . The Baby-Dry diapers could n't hold in the wetness all night long but worked great for day use and were cheaper than the Cruisers . Now the new Cruisers can no longer hold in the wetness all night either . We no longer see the advantage of buying the Cruisers over the Baby-Dry diapers . We have n't experienced the diaper rash issue that others have . We 'll continue to buy the Baby-Dry diapers for now , but we wo n't buy the Cruisers anymore . I do n't know why companies feel the need to mess with a great product . I 'm sure it was another bad marketing department decision . They always have to change things to make themselves appear useful ...
 I emailed Pampers MONTHS ago and never even received a response . We have been devoted Pampers customers from the beginning -LRB- my son is 21/2 -RRB- and I was horrified to see that there was some `` adhesive '' on the baby side of the diaper . It irritated his skin and in that same huge box , several -LRB- a dozen or more -RRB- diapers had the same problem.I am so disappointed , particularly with no response from their customer service .
 When my son was first born , we tried both Pampers Swaddlers and Huggies size 0 -LRB- whatever they 're called -RRB- , and we settled on Swaddlers . Then , we won a year 's supply of Huggies , so obviously , we used those throughout my son 's first year . Now that supply is gone , and I decided to try Pampers Cruisers for a change.Oh my g-d , I 'm seeing things that I NEVER saw with Huggies - there 's silica crumbs all over the diaper area almost at every diaper change . I have to take him into the sink and wash it out with water at every diaper change . I did n't change the frequency of my diaper changes , it 's the same time interval that I used with HuggiesTrue , they do n't leak , but Huggies never leaked either , so when this pack is finished , I 'll go back to Huggies.I 've never had silica leak out of a Huggie diaper , in my opinion that 's just dangerous and should n't be around a baby 's privates
 Pay careful attention to the number of diappers included in this value box ! It is smaller than the normal box you usually get from other stores or from amazon , thus the price is not really cheap.I purchased the No 3 Cruisers value box from amazon twice , one box came with 160 diapers , and one came with 116 diapers
 Today is the 2nd day we have been using this diaper but we already washed the crib sheet twice . It leaks a lot ! What makes it worse is it irritates my kid 's skin . Everytime after I put it on , she starts to scream and cry . We just ordered 2 boxes from Amazon . Now we have to go buy some other diapers .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 Wow !! Many of the comments above sound like commercials . For the most part this is a good diaper . Leaks are quite rare and my 10 month old seems very comfortable in it . BUT , we have had about half a dozen diapers leak the silica . 2 of the diapers leaked so badly that we spent nearly an hour cleaning the changing station . Not only that , the silica comes out like a soft gel , and is extremely hard to clean . And of course , our biggest concern has been safety . How safe is that gel if the baby accidentally consumes it ? Judging from what i 've found online on this problem , Pampers does n't seem to care.When this diaper works , it 's great ; when it fails , it fails quite spectacularly !
 This used to be a good deal for buying Cruisers -LRB- especially with the free shipping over $ 25 -RRB- . But now the price has jumped from $ 7.49 to $ 10.49 overnight . It is much cheaper to buy diapers at a local store .
 Swaddlers by pampers were excellent . However when my 4 month old graduated to size 3 , I ordered cruisers and just half way thru the box she has developed very very bad rashes . I read the reviews on Huggies and found that many other people have had the same experience . Its just two days since I have started using Huggies and the rashes have alreay gone .
 Product is good and acceptable . However for the price of the produce it 's not work it.Material used is not suitable for Kids of this age .
 Leider ist die Gr&ouml; & szlig ; e 7 von Pampers nicht wirklich gr&ouml; & szlig ; er als die hier in Europa angebotene Gr&ouml; & szlig ; e 6 . Sie ist , was das Saugvlies betrifft , eher schmaler und d&uuml;nner.Welche Alternativen bieten sich den Eltern von einn&auml;ssenden Schulkindern?Z.B . eine zus&auml;tzliche Vlieswindel mit in die Pampers legen und ggf . ein Gummih&ouml;schen dr&uuml;ber -- besonders dann , wenn sich die Verschl&uuml;sse aufgrund des gewachsenen Kinderk&ouml;rpers nicht mehr schlie & szlig ; en lassen . Ist vielleicht nicht die Ideall&ouml;sung , aber allemal besser als dem P&G - Konzern ; f&uuml;r eine minderwertige Windel -LRB- Gr . 7 -RRB- das Geld in den Rachen zu schieben .
 The product from Pampers is great . We bought this online to avoidhassles to rush into local stores.However , the shipping is really disappointing . First , I do n't think theyeven bother to ring the bell at our gate before leaving a notice . After their secondnotice on Fri. , we called them asking about the package and they told uswe could pick up -LRB- ~ 10 miles away -RRB- . On Sat . we called themagain that we wanted them to deliver on Mon instead of picking up ourselves.But nothing happened until Mon. afternoon , we called again and they couldnot locate our request to deliver
 These diapers are supposed to be for moving babies and in that respect they are pretty good . However , they do not withstand much liquid in them before they start filtering through .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 Cruisers were great . No complaints . Now suddenly , the mesh liner is gone , and when my son urinates , it smells like a CHEMICAL PLANT . I 'm not kidding . These are the worst , cheapest things ever . And they did n't even change the packaging . I am so angry -- clearly they just wanted to save a buck , but the smell of these things ? VILE . I have compared the old and `` new '' side by side -- old
 Pampers have pulled a bait and switch ! They have changed this product for the absolute worse with no warning to the consumer !! No more mesh lining ! Which kept the moisture off your babies skin . The inner liner has been basically cut to half its original size ! No longer does the liner go all the way up the back ! Which was important for poops etc. . Also the inner liner does not absorb anywhere near what it did before ! This allows for MANY leakthroughs ! And finally the over all softness of the diaper inside and out has been changed to a stiff papery generic type feel ! BUYER BEWARE !! They still charge premium price for this serious downgrade ! shame on you ! PARENTS UNITE !! AEDANSDAD22908
 Pampers has changed this diaper . I have been buying Pampers for 4 years and have gone through thousands of their diapers . I bought a box on Friday and could tell immediately that they were different . My dd has leaked through 6 of the 10 diapers we used from this box . The mesh liner that used to be in these is no longer there ! We have tried to contact Pampers , but have had no luck yet . We returned the box to the store and are now trying to find a new brand of diapers . I am so disappointed !
 Pampers has taken the best , highest quality diaper on the market & made it one of the worst , cheapest diapers on the market . There are many downgrades to the Cruisers that have me very angry :1 -RRB- They seem to be made of construction paper-they are VERY stiff , cheap & papery -LRB- the old cruisers used to be very soft -RRB- 2 -RRB- No more mesh liner to wick away moisture ! This has proven to cause many diaper rash on many babies -LRB- this is from feedback from other parents I know -RRB- 3 -RRB- 5 inches of paper in the back of the diaper
 We were given these dipes as gifts from our friends for our twin boys . We had always used huggies with our first , but they were free so we tried them . They left a HORRIBLE rash on my red-headed son 's bottom . We were going through SO many diapers a day -LRB- 24 or more , let the environmentalists cringe -RRB- so it was NOT a matter of poor changing habits . It was not the breast milk . I know for a fact the diapers caused this rash because the rash was checkerboard looking like the mesh liner . It was insane ! We spent over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- in OTC rash creams and eventually had to get two prescriptions from the doctor to clear it up because once the skin is broken it becomes much harder to heal since the area is constantly being aggravated with nitrogenous waste . We now will use huggies supreme OR pampers baby dry ... no problems with those . My friend 's red-headed daughter had the exact same thing happen , so I 'm thinking parents of kids with sensitive skin might want to think twice about buying a huge pack of these .
 Once my daughter started to walk I knew I had to change to a diaper that had a better fit since she was moving more . I decided to try the cruisers . They had a perfect fit , did n't leak and were a reasonable price . I never had a problem with them until recently . I noticed they put a new mesh lining . I thought , okay they are trying to make the product better , why not . Then I started to notice how the mesh lining would stick to my daughters behind . She has been constently pulling the back of her diaper . I tried to stick with it and keep using the cruiser but this week I noticed another difference . There are new tiny beads inside the diaper lining . I noticed that the beads were bunching up in certain areas and when barely wet it looks like she is wearing a heavy soiled diaper . Barely wet or not the mesh has also been leaving an impression all over . The mesh does nothing but stays wet !!! If it did the absorbing it would n't leave an impression on her . This diaper used to be the best but the new changes are bad , I wish that pampers would go back to the way it was ! Now I have to go through the hassle of finding a better diaper .
 I bought my diapers here for months and months ! I ca n't believe you 've raised prices this high !! Absolutely ridiculous !! I 'll go back to Walmart where I can use coupons ! Thanks , anyway !
 $ 7.49 to $ 10 + is ridiculous . I 'll go back to buying diapers at Walmart and other grocery stores . You 'll lose a LOT of sales with this , Amazon !
 I use to buy my pampers here on amazon , but since they have raised the price to over $ 3 per package in the last month , I will be getting mine from Wal-Mart , shame on Amazon for rising the price . At least they are cheaper at Wal-Mart and I can use my manufacturer coupon at Wal-Mart . Perhaps if Amazon would lower the price again , I would shop from Amazon again ... SHAME ON AMAZON !!! LOWER THE PRICE !!!
 Like the other reviewers , I have bought diapers from Amazon for months . Now , I will be going to local grocery and discount tore for them instead . A $ 3 price increase in less than a month is CRAZY to say the least . I hope that everyone shows Amazon and does n't buy these diapers from them at such a crazy inflated price !
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this ! The Diapers are the best out there .
 Normally the diapers are great . However , over the past year and from multiple stores - including 4 boxes we just bought on Amazon - we have had issues with the Economy Pack -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- . At least half , if not more , of the diapers are defective and my children wake up in the morning with the little absorbing beads all loose , the diaper split open , and a big giant mess . Not to mention a real pain to clean up . We still use these Cruisers , but we buy them in the smaller packs , not this Economy Pack .
 Great product , ok price , but the delivery is unreliable . We had some fast deliveries before , but it 's getting worse lately . Our last order has not been shipped after more than two weeks , and the estimated shipping date is in another week . If you need the diapers within a month , think about buying them somewhere else .
 I hate this stroller and am getting rid of it . I intially bought it because of the peg perego reputation and it looked good.CONS : Big , bulky , HEAVYHard to open and closeHorrible instructionsToo complicated and time consuiming to change from stroller mode to carriage modeHard to reach basket when car seat is incup holder is a jokeNo hood window so you ca n't see the childdoes n't go over curbs wellPROS : Good constructionSmooth ride
 The Snoozer does not fit as pictured . And the velco is very uncomfortable . We tried all different ways to have it attached to the seatbelt , but not very successful .
 We used this on our recent tri -LSB- tp Florida , and truthfully , NOT worth the money ... as little as it did cost.It spent pretty much the whole trip on the floor when I , not my daughter , was using it to sleep with .
 I 'm cancelling out the person who voted twice with the exact same words . She gave it 5 stars . So here it is .
 I got this for my 4 and 6 year olds to help them stay upright when they fall asleep in their bottom-only booster seats -LRB- ie not the chair type -RRB- . They did n't work for that - rats ! - but most strange to me was that the straps that anchor the Snoozer to the seat belt are plain old velcro straps , and right at the curve , where the Snoozer turns to wrap around the neck . So , they were uncomfortable to the children . The quality of the product was good.Back to the booster chairs with wings for us , then !
 I bought two of these pillows for our spring break road trip . My kids are 4 and 7 and ride in full booster seats -LRB- with the head rest and belt guide -RRB- . We secured the pillows as directed only to find that they pushed the kids ' heads forward and did not keep them from flopping around . They might work better when the kids are bigger and can sit in backless boosters .
 This product is much smaller than pictured . I did n't have any issue with the placement of the velcro , but it was too small and not stuffed thick enough to do anything . And of course , the biggest thing it can not do , is prevent my daughter from tipping the other way while she 's asleep !
 Bought 2 of these because we are taking a road trip in late August . I have two children under 4 , so keeping them comfortable and able to sleep in their seats is a priority for this trip . I was excited to find these set belt pillows but very disappointed when I received them and returned them the next day . The fabric is not soft at all and the velcro straps are huge . The pictures on the website , seem to be deceiving as the straps are hidden and the pillows look larger than they really are . I ended up buying 2 very cute and soft body style pillows/stuffed animals from IKEA in the kids department . They are not seat belt pillows , but they are the perfect size and the kids love them .
 After 7 months of continuous use , these diapers are falling apart . They do not appear to be well made . I would not recommend them and am looking forward to the day when I can finally throw them out and replace them with something better .
 After 7 months of continuous use , these diapers are falling apart . They do not appear to be well made . I would not recommend them and am looking forward to the day when I can finally throw them out and replace them with something better .
 I am sending the port a crib back . . It is good looking but I can not find the correct sized add ons . I have ordered the mattress and linens to match the interior size of the crib and nothing fits . I am also returning the mattress and sheets . I am ever so disappointed !!! The crib mailing box was discarded weeks ago so I will have to pay for the packaging and only hope Amazon will pay for the shipping . I have called the company Dream on Me to find mattress , pads , and sheets . Not only did they not have what I needed but the were very rude !!!
 I would have given this item 4 or 5 stars for how easy it was to put up and take down and the pattern , but it had such a strong chemical odor that I had to return it . There is no way I would put my baby in there to sleep to inhale whatever chemicals were causing that odor - it smelled like strong adhesive . Very disappointed .
 I chose this play yard for the size because I hoped to use it for my growing 8-month-old . I found it to be very sturdy when I put it up out of the box , but when I went to then fold it , one side refused to budge . I never was able to get it down and returned it immediately . I considered -LRB- for a moment -RRB- keeping it even though it did n't collapse , but decided against that , as money is tight and products should work.My next -- which was a simple pack-n-play by Graco -- has proven to be good , simple to fold and move from room to room . The bottom does n't seem as sturdy as the Dream on Me , though , and it is surely not as roomy ... but , it is n't defected.Amazon was really great about the return of this , too , as I could n't fold it into the original box due to the side that would n't budge , and they paid for the shipping of two boxes and gave me the full refund .
 I ca n't actually say how it might function . I know for a fact , that I would never put a child in it . I , along with many others , still have n't been able to set it up . The sides have a secret locking system that is impossible to get to work . I even got angry and cut one open to see what makes it work . We still ca n't get it to lock in place . I purchased this for my papillon puppies to play in , and they 're still in cardboard boxes . I 'm sure they 'll have new homes before we ever get this horrible thing to work .
 Ordered this to use for twins as they grow because it was the largest play yard I could find . Reviews indicated it was easy to use . I unpacked it and attempted to set it up . Broke out into a sweat trying to get the sides to lock into place . One side would not lock into place at all ! I wanted a play yard that could be easily set up and taken down as needed by me - not one that you would have to call in the troops for assistance . Needless to say , I 'm returning it .
 Do not buy this playpen . Very poor quality , difficult to set up and pack down . Wife and I used this pen -LRB- the pink one -RRB- for about 3 weeks , then we could not get it to set up any more , one side support would n't click into place . Very dissatisfied , wish I could get my money back , avoid this at all cost .
 Mom 's and Dad 's do not buy this pack and play . I opened the package excited to set this up and right away I noticed how cheap it was . Then the worst part the middle brack was longer than the ones on either side of it ... so the pack and play was not level and rocked . Sooooo unsafe . I called the company and they told me to call Amazon and return it . I 'm so mad about this . The worst part was trying to put it back in the box . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I ordered this changing pad and what I got was n't what I ordered ! It was green with elephants on it and it was 32 &#34; not 30 &#34; . My changing table only holds a 28 &#34; pad , so the 32 &#34; one definitely does n't work ! Very disappointed !
 Within 8 months of using my changing pad , the entire top became cracked . Very disappointed ! I expected the pad to last through the wear and tear of the diaper changings of at least 1 child .
 I thought it would be a bit larger . It 's rather tiny and does n't hold much . It hold exactly 10 diapers and just barely . Would had been much better had it been made to store the diapers upwards cuz I can fit just over a dozen that way , but the handle does not go high enough to carry it w / the diapers that way . There 's also no room to store a normal sized package of wipes !! Hello ?! Diapers are just as important as wipes ! I can not store my package of wipes and all that would really fit in any of these holders is a travel pack . I am not about to start buying travel packs in addition to what I already buy . I never need ointments and such so I am really thinking of sending this back . Nowhere near as useful and unique as I thought it would be . The more I think about it the more disappointed I am actually .
 I was looking for a caddy to keep in our master bedroom while our newborn is in with us so we did n't have to go change diapers in his room . Since I generally like Skip Hop products I thought this would be a good item . As soon as I opened it though I hated it . The caddy is made of hard plastic and is incredibly loud and heavy even when empty . The smallest movement makes everything rattle . The side pockets just slide on and move easily so it makes the whole thing just feel incredibly cheap and flimsy . The same for the drawers - just plastic sliding in plastic so it feels cheap . Despite how cheap it all feels , the cost -LRB- almost $ 40 at the time -RRB- is rediculous . I am returning and am getting a canvas one from JJ Cole .
 I bought this as a first time , completely inexperienced mom . I thought I would need a diaper caddy to carry around if I were changing my son anywhere else in the house . Plus it was so cute . I know , completely silly . I have thought several times as using it for like a gift wrap of sorts for another baby shower but have n't yet . It 's cute but it 's so small and so , very impractical . The little bins and drawers do n't hold much more than a few little things and maybe a dozen diapers . I would not recommend spending your money .
 At first I thought this was an excellent idea because I needed a gate that my other two kids can open and close . Well , the locking mechanism resets everytime one of my cats jumps over or even squeezes in at the side . For those not familiar , when the locking mechanism needs to reset the lock opens and closes in its housing for about 45 seconds ! And it 's not quiet when it does it , so my baby crawls over as soon as she hears it resetting . It does n't take 45 seconds for her to get through that gate and over to the stairs ! I 've changed the batteries many times and it does n't solve the problem . I will attempt to get a refund from Evenflo , but I wo n't hold my breath ! So , my search continues for a secure gate that my other kids can easily open . Please do not buy this gate unless you have a back-up plan for your stairs or any other hazards your children or pets can get into . Evenflo has a lot of good products , but this is not one of them ! If you are looking for something secure but do n't have slightly older kids who need access , I highly recommend The First Years ' Hands-Free Gate with a pedal . I use it as a barrier for my dogs . I love it !
 I purchased this high chair as part of a 5-piece system . I was obsessed with having everything match ; this high chair is why that thought process may not be the best when choosing items for a new baby/infants . The highchair is decent enough , but I have found that the cover does keep coming off and I would like something more sturdy for my active 5 month old who will get much more active before he 's out of a high chair . That is why I will either move this high chair to my mom 's house or sell it , but I am DEFINITELY purchasing another for our everyday use .
 The chair is not portable , and does not fold up for storage . I wish I had ordered a different one .
 I have used this high chair since my daughter was old enough to sit upright . She is now 28 months . Overall , the chair has done its job , but my major complaint about it is that my daughter quickly learned if she forcibly throws her weight back in the chair , it will `` recline '' on its own , or the chair slips out of its upright notch and clicks down another level - she does it multiple times until it is fully reclined even though I want her upright . She is basically slamming her little body against the chair to achieve this effect . My other complaint is that the vinyl cover is ripping at the sides , but overall I think vinyl is a much smarter choice in a high chair than fabric -LRB- my other Graco -RRB- . I would n't buy this chair again because of the recline not holding , I think that could be unsafe .
 and the tray is 2 hand operation . . stay away from this lousy high chair . we used it for a week and are now looking for a new one . .
 I recently purchased this piece and I must say that I am not impressed . I do not think that it is sturdy enough , and the seat cover keep sliding off . To be honest with you I would have returned it for something more efficient for my active 10 month old , but just the thought of taking it apart and returning it would n't be feesable .
 I like the reclining aspect of the chair but the seat pad is too loose and hard to clean . I was mislead by the description because I was led to believe that the pad was wipable . You wo n't get the pasta sause off the pad until you wash it in the washing machine . The seat pad was cloth/fabric not vinyl so every week I have to wash it . `` Dishwasher safe parent assist tray , wipeable , removable vinyl seat pad , wipeable plastic tray , footrest and frame ''
 I bought two of these high chairs because of the price and the cute cow print covers . We have twin granddaughters that we see frequently so needed something sturdy . The chair does not fold for storage , has a wide footprint so adults & children trip over the legs and the seat cover does not attach securely . The chair is all molded plastic and cleans up easily.I do n't like that the chair does n't adjust in height to use at the dinner table or lower to the floor . My chairs are going on the next garage sale and I 've ordered two folding compact chairs . My advice-don ' t waste your money unless you are on very tight budget . Some of the advantages of the more expensive ones are well worth it . I wish I had spent a little more the first time instead of learning the hard way now .
 Horrible , horrible . I bought both Luvs and Swaddlers and the Swaddlers are wonderful . The Luvs leak horribly , my son wakes up soaked as if he had no diaper on , even when changed just before he went to sleep . Do youself a favor and testdrive some other diapers before buying too many of these .
 I bought two boxes of these Luv diapers -LRB- thats 448 diapers ! -RRB- and I sure wish I had spent a little extra for Pampers Swaddlers . These diapers leak out the top because they do n't have any elastic on the tabs or anywhere on the waist . Even the generic Kroger diapers have elastic waistbands ! I am just sad that I have to use these crappy diapers for so long ! I also think they run small so I probably will not even use them all . What a waste ! The only good thing about these diapers is the price , but , I would highly recommend that you just buy your store brand instead if money is an issue . P.S. I do n't like Huggies either because they leak out the legs ! Hard to find a good diaper .
 I bout a case of these because my baby was going up a size and thought I would stock up on the next size . I have never used Luvs before and thought I would give them a try . They are AWFUL !!! They leaked and I would NEVER dream of letting her go all night with one of these on . Just bad diapers . You would be better off with Store Brand diapers or something ... anything else !
 I must agree , LUVS let the poo goo out ! They absorb pee just fine , but the messy poo seepage stinks !!! If I wanted to clean poop out of the carpet , carseats etc I would have opted for the reuseable diapers ... . but I want to throw the mess in the trash where it goes ... . not along with my little ones clothes ! I have 3 kids and have found that any brand works better ... I prefer Cottontails Giant brand or Playskool which I can only find at CVS ... Then again ... LUVS work just fine for those who expect that poo was meant to goo ...
 We 'd been using Pampers since our daughter was born , since we 'd been told `` Pampers are the best ! '' But after six months of stretching the budget , we decided we 'd try Luvs to save a bit of money . I was very hopeful after reading all the positive reviews.Unfortunately , however , Luvs did not work for our daughter . She had a leak within a day of starting to wear the Luvs diapers . The diaper simply did not absorb the urine quickly enough , and the pee just ran out the back of her diaper as she was lying down . She 'd never had a leak with Pampers . Since I had purchased the value pack , I continued to use the Luvs -LRB- but only during the day , and not during naptime -RRB- -- but we had two more major leaks before we finally ran out of the Luvs diapers and went back to Pampers again.Clearly , other people have found success with Luvs , but I just wanted to share our experience . I 'd personally rather spend the extra money on Pampers to be sure that my daughter is wearing a diaper that wo n't leak ...
 This is my first experience with Luv 's . I will never buy them again . they are too tight around the legs , and too loose around the waist , no matter how you fasten them . They guarantee leak proof , and around the legs , I have n't had a problem . However , I have had seven severe leaks at the waist , especially overnight.Going back to Pampers .
 The Elastic part is tape and my husband accidetly stuck it to our daughters legs . When I changed her diapr next she screamed because the tape was on her leg not the diaper . This could happen to anyone , nd I 'm sure it 's not good for a new baby 's skin .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I also tries LUVs and found out the quality is very poor . They are very thin , and the smell is too strong . It 's also smaller compare to Huggies or Kirkland brand . My eight months old baby , barely fits in size 5 . To make matter worse , they do n't have gigalistic waist . I bought this because of other reviews but now I am stuck with 128 diapers . I do n't even know what to do.For a small fraction of a price , you could get better quality diapers . Do yourself a favor and buy a different brand . Your kid deserve better !
 If I could give zero star , I would have done it . The diaper is very thin . It leaked on almost every single one that we used . Do n't waste your money buying this .
 I purchsed a package of these because the supermarket was out of my regular diapers and my baby is only two months and we 've been trying different diapers . I was instantly disgusted by the scent when I opened the package ; the diapers are scented and it does n't say so on the package . I would never have bought them if I 'd known that.The worked fine for leaks and those related worries , but every time I put one on her I was irritated . I want to smell my baby , pooh incidend or not , when I pick her up . I do n't want to smell the flowery perfume a corporation has added to their diapers . Shes my child , she smells , its ok .
 Conventional wisdom is that the diaper 's primary function is to absorb urine and catch the poo . Although , if you were a Luvs devotee , you 'd think that the poo is supposed to leak through every time , while the fastening tape is there to cut into your child 's legs . Yes , these are unconventional diapers that do n't do what a diaper 's supposed to do . Of all brands we 've tried , to include generics , these are the crappiest.For a good brand , with a lot of comfort try one of the following :1 -RRB- Pampers , 'cause they got all the coolest cross-branded characters2 -RRB- Huggies , 'cause they got the gigglastic that is both elasticky and makes all the kids giggle .3 -RRB- Kirkland Signature , yes , the Costco brand . They look way more comfortable than your average diaper and are a good deal cheaper . I 've yet to see one of these leak.Then again , if you 're ok with leaking poo , go with the Luvs , they 're guaranteed to satisfy .
 They are not easy to put on ; its like wraping you baby in card board . They use tape not velcro to stick , so the tape get stuck to baby 's skin then baby gets upset when you pull it off . They are not strechy at all and seem to run a bit small . Just spend the extra $ 5 and order a box of pampers swaddlers , they are so much better .
 These diapers are not worth the little amount you save , the do not leak , but they do not have stretchy sides and are horrible and stiff . I love Huggies Gentle Care
 I was very disappointed when I got my new box of diapers this week . I purchased these only because of the great reviews . I received an old box without the stretchy tabs and they did not have that nice powdery smell to them either . I sent them back and bought a new box at the store ! Very much of an inconvience .
 These diapers do not have enough flexibility and are too narrow . I also have to buy a size bigger than I would buy with Pampers Cruisers . The absorbency is good but that is the only thing I like - this was my first and last purchase of Luvs .
 We used to love Luvs . They were especially good through the night . But after using Huggies Supreme for the past several months , we took advantage of the Amazon offer and we 're surprised to find them a lot flimsier than we remembered . Even worse , about 3 out of every 4 have leaked right through , forcing out washing machine to work overtime . We never used to mind paying a little extra for what we 'd get in return , but it would seem along with the new , lower price has come lower quality . It 's back to Huggies for us .
 I tried this brand due to the number of diapers you get for the money . My son was only 14lbs when I bought the size 2 and they seemed like they did n't fit him already . They do n't have much elastic on the sides , so it does n't stretch like Pampers or Huggies . The first one I put on him leaked and it was on correctly . Since then , I have had at least one leaky diaper a day . I bought the Huggies brand from Amazon and I am sticking with this brand . I never had any leaks with it and it seems to fit him the best .
 I was once an Avid believer and buyer of Luvs Diapers @ Amazon they have the best deals , plus free shipping.What more could you want ?! Well I am dissappointed to say the first two boxes of Luvs I recieved were the unfinished , factory bleaced ... still smelled like burnt out tree bark or some type of smoke.and Plastic ... Absolutely NO Baby Scent to be found.So I called Luvs first in dibelief.Then I started searching for Amazon number which is not the easiest to find.Amazon is refundig me my money and the customer service was very helpful once I reached them.Unfortunately I will not be buying LUVS from Amazon any more but I will be switching to Pampers or buying diapers at a local store.Hope this was helpful
 I recently bought the Luvs brand diapers after a friend recomended them . I ended up having several of them split on me during the night and covered my infant in slimey gell from head to toe . The diaper was not even full at the time . She has wore Huggies in the pool before , it swelled 3 times the normal size then and it never burst like that.I called the company to complain and they said that they have never had a problem like this before.They said the chemicals were harmless and not to worry about it , but she did get a rash from the stuff.I did not get a refund of my money , the best they could do is send me a $ 10 off coupon for my trouble.My advice ... Stick to Huggies!Carolyn Cropper
 The waistband is not elastic at all like Huggies or Pampers , so if you are used to them DO NOT BUY LUVS . It is hard to put the diaper . I bought this diaper to try it because it was on sale and came with more diapers , I regret buying so many .
 the price for so many diapers is great but they cant stay on my baby for to long if he gets wet some diapers can witstand some damage but not these . Right now that he is a year old and climbing all over the place they arent going to cut it anymore he wears size 5 . They just hang on by a thread .
 while the heart-shaped tube is awfully cute , the plastic base that it sits upon is really flimsy and cheaply made . the bottom -LRB- underneath -RRB- is made of basically cardboard , and it was already somewhat buckled when i took it out of the package -- it does n't even sit flat on a shelf . also , the piece of `` metal '' included that you can have monogrammed is not impressive , either . sorry to be negative , but i 'm just being honest !
 The item is OVERPRICED and NOT worth the extra this seller charges . The seller is rude , and the so called laundry bag is MICROSCOPIC . The description is misleading and there are much cheaper items that are made better . I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS SELLER . I was counting on the delivery promise date - then the seller claims that HE KNEW WHEN I RECEIVED IT - I have the documentation which states otherwise . Take your money and buy from another seller . The item is not worth it .
 Are you serious ... anyone who buys this has to be the laziest person on Earth . Oh no how did we survive without this invention lol ! Give me a break . I saw this product and die laughing my ass off !
 Unless your baby sits completely still and has no interest at all in moving his legs , do n't waste your money because it falls off constantly . If you 'll notice in the picture , the hands are holding the baby 's legs . That 's why .
 An adorable idea , seemingly ingenious , but in the end horribly executed and a waste of money . They make for a couple of cute pictures when your newborn is very small and still in the beginning , but as soon as they can move the product becomes more of a hassle than a help . We found placing a burp cloth/cloth diaper over top of them during changes worked just as well if not better . I honestly wish I had saved the money for something far more useful .
 I bought these for my newborn . He moves around too much and they fall off . One time , the urine stream made it fall off . They are cute and a great idea , but just not worth the money . They just do n't stay on .
 This is once again a product that is not needed at all . I bought it before my son was born and guess what ... did n't use it . The washcloth is much better alternative . It actually stays in place .
 They are a great shower gift sure to get a lot of `` oo-o-ooh `` s and `` a-a-a-awe `` s. . . but they fall off of baby the second he moves .
 Product was useless , came so small it neither sat on not stayed in ace while changing a baby 's diaper . Not to mention a baby who is constantlyMoving , they should at a minimum be made in selected sizes so that one of the 5 fit.I would not recommend these to anyone , they did not even look like the picture ,
 ... and simply have the next diaper ready to go . We put the new one on top of the old , unfastened , and then quickly take out the dirty one . There is enough stuff for a baby . You do n't need this.P.S . I wanted to give this 0 stars , but I was n't allowed to do so .
 This would have been an okay bag but it tore after just a couple weeks of light use . My husband also hated to $ signs on the lining and changing mat . I bought this one because it was cheaper than most and I certainly got cheap ...
 This item came quickly and is very cute , however the bank is smaller than I expedted it to be .
 I LOVED the look of all the girly amy coe crib sheets when I first got them , but it only took a couple washings to figure out they DO N'T HOLD UP ! I bought this design and the plaid one , and not only do they shrink , but they 've faded so badly you can not see the design . I 've only had the sheets 4 months , and I 'm going to have to buy new ones for my daughter 's bed now ! Too bad -- it 's too cute !
 I am a huge fan of Peanuts and especially Snoopy so my son 's nursery was Baby Snoopy . Now that he is a toddler he gets his bed dirty a lot faster so I picked up a couple extra fitted sheets to cut down on how often I have to do laundry.This sheet is cute but made of very thin flimsy material . I have several Snoopy fitted sheets from various collections and this one was the most expensive and the cheapest made.In my humble opinion , unless you really like this particular collection I recommend a different Snoopy sheet .
 The sheet is only 55 % cotton and the rest is polyester . It was not mentioned in the product description , so be careful if you are looking for a 100 % cotton product as I do ! It is definitely over priced compared to the other 100 % cotton crib sheet being sold at Amazon . The look was ok , but not really that impressing either . I would not buy again .
 I agree with the other reviewers . Recommend not buying these sheets . It ripped almost immediately after buying it . Not a good use of $ 15 .
 I have a hearing disability so I was thrilled to see that there was a monitor that vibrated . It was the obvious choice for me . We set it up and have n't used it until recently . We do NOT use batteries and keep it plugged in at all times . In order to be woken up to hear my son crying in the morning , I have to have the monitor LOUD . I can not turn it up high enough to hear my child with out a loud piercing whistling sound . Instead , I have to set my alarm for every 30 min and then press the monitor to my ear to hear if my son is waking up or not . This was an expensive item ! Dont waste your money .
 I liked this monitor for the most part -- the sound quality was okay and the static was minimal . But after a year -LRB- of not that much use ! -RRB- , it died . I was very disappointed , now having to get another one to use for my second child .
 It has very good clarity and runs on the 900mhz frequency . If you have a home wireless network or newer cordless phones -LRB- which usually run on 2.4 ghz -RRB- the 900 mhz monitors are really good and do n't have much interference . However , the 900 mhz monitors do n't have as much distance so these are good for going between 1 floor or a small to medium sized house . This also has a built in rechargeable battery which is handy for people who take their monitors around the house.However , I bought this for my newborn and it lasted about a year . First the volume dial caused a very static noise when you moved it , and then out of nowhere the battery completely died . It only works plugged in now . I think if you 're the type to plug it in and never touch it again , this would work very well for you . ... we moved it around daily . I 'm going to try the Sony and see how that works . ... seems to get good reviews.If you 're looking for a 900mhz one that last longer than 1 child , this is not the one to get .
 I have a hearing disability so I was thrilled to see that there was a monitor that vibrated . It was the obvious choice for me . We set it up and have n't used it until recently . We do NOT use batteries and keep it plugged in at all times . In order to be woken up to hear my son crying in the morning , I have to have the monitor LOUD . I can not turn it up high enough to hear my child with out a loud piercing whistling sound . Instead , I have to set my alarm for every 30 min and then press the monitor to my ear to hear if my son is waking up or not . This was an expensive item ! Dont waste your money .
 I 've had this monitor for 21/2 years . It worked great for our first ; however , after about 16-18 months use , it started crackling horribly . We constantly have to play with the volume to avoid static . Now it 's to the point where we have to have it on full volume to eliminate static . I 'm sure that the rechargable battery simply needs replacing ; however , I ca n't find a replacement anywhere . It 's an odd battery.The range is awesome , but if I switch channels , then I pick up my neighbor 's nursery across the street . I would n't recommend this product for the simple fact the battery is diffcult to replace . My next monitor will opperate on good ol' AA or something recognizable .
 The first time we used this monitor , we were thrilled with the idea that it could vibrate to indicate noise from the baby 's room ... unfortunately , within 10 minutes of turning on the monitor to use it , it broke ! We tried everything to fix it , replacing new batteries with new batteries , switching channels , checking to see if the other wireless devices in the house were interfering , and NOTHING ! It appeared that the monitor that stays in the baby 's room just did not work.We did throw away the packaging , but Babies R Us still took the return because we had the receipt.We ended up buying the Sony monitor and are THRILLED with it !
 Like other people here , I had this when the first version came out . I loved it ! Especially the vibrating feature b/c you could use it while mowing the lawn , in loud groups of people ... After I damaged my first one , I bought a replacement . As others have said , the battery pack was changed in the new model . The old one was rechargable and this one does not have the rechargeable option . I replace batteries about every 3 weeks now . It is terrible . I called Fisher Price and they basically told me that they downgraded the battery option . Hmmm ... that does n't make too much sense !! I would NOT suggest getting it !!
 I got this as a shower gift . Some of my friends had this monitor and were happy with it . I 'm not though , I 'm really disappointed with this monitor . From day one we 've always gotten feedback with high pitch squealing and now that my baby has moved into his own room all we get is static . Sure , when my son starts to make noise it transmits but when he is sleeping quietly all we get is LOUD static ! Not to mention that the batteries only last 2 - 3 days at best - and we only use the monitor at night when we are trying to sleep ! Last night it konked out completely . In my opinion this product is junk and I would not recommend buying .
 This product was great and clear for the first year of use but quickly turned into a pile of junk after that . I , too , have had problems with the dial creating major static to the point that I ca n't hardly find a location on the dial that will allow us to hear our son without loud crackles of static interference ! Also , the batteries DO NOT hold charge well even after being replaced and plugging the unit into the charger when not in use . So , my next step will be to contact the company and look for a new unit before our second child arrives . If I had known that this would only last a year I would have invested my money elsewhere .
 This monitor has nothing but static . I do n't know how anyone could actually use this monitor with all the static noise . It is going back to the store today .
 We 've had this product for about 18 months . The monitor itself is great - reception , range and ability to hear our little one breathing is perfect.The only problem we 've had is the volume control goes bad . We are on our second one and both the first and second one developed the same problem within 8 months . Whenever you try to turn up or down the volume you get a VERY loud static noise . Loud enough to wake the baby ! Fisher Price has been accommodating - we 've had to send them the defective one twice and each time they return us a $ 40 Fisher Price voucher . A pain to send back , but at least they honor the product.Needless to say the annoyance has been bad enough to give one star . With our latest return , we 're not going to be purchasing a Fisher Price model .
 All I got from this monitor was static . I returned it and bought the monitor from Sony . The Sony monitor has been crystal clear !
 We received this as a gift because we registered for it and can not get the static and buzzing to stop ! There is no where in our house that the static and buzzing to stop - no matter what channel or the volume level . I 'm so hesitant to buy another one in case we have the same problem ! But alas - I will return it to the store and try again ! :--LRB- Very disappointed .
 I selected this monitor BASED ON THE REVIEWS HERE and I was disappointed because obviously Fisher-Price has their employees come here and say good things about this product , when in fact it has considerable flaws.THe only thing I could say about this is that it still works after a year , but there is too much static and interference and that loud ` hum ' when the the monitor and receiver get too close to each other .
 I registered for this baby monitor and received it as a shower gift . I had another monitor given to me -LRB- Fisher Price -RRB- which has recently quit working -LRB- that one was n't much to speak of either -RRB- . I tried to use this monitor last night and all I got was this HORRIBLE feedback and the static is awful too . I am returning it to the store and hopefully finding one that I can turn the volume up and actually hear my daughter .
 I registered for this monitor due the favorable reviews on it and it was given to me off of my registry in Feb 2003 for the birth of our 1st child . We initloved this monitor ; HOWEVER , within the past month -LRB- just over a year after receiving the monitor -RRB- , we could n't use the monitor remotely as the batteries no longer held a charge . You ca n't buy batteries for this model at any store and Fisher Price has discontinued it . So , although I was very happy with this model for the past year , I would n't recommend it because down the road , you will probably have to buy a different one anyway .
 This monitor started out fine , but after about 3 months we started getting a ton of static over the monitor making it sometimes difficult to sleep with it on . It also makes a horrible , loud static noise when we turn the volume up and down . The battery is fully charged as it is usually plugged in at all times ... plugged in at all times as it usually only lasts for about 20 minutes if unplugged -LRB- I followed initial charging instructions to the ` T ' -RRB- . I am expecting another baby and will probably throw this monitor out and buy a new one !
 I had this monitor for about a year , and at that point it started to die out ; I have read other reviews where this monitor died out for them at about the 10 month mark . I thought when I bought this monitor that it would last longer . I ended up purchasing the Sony monitor as a replacement , I have not had it for as long as I had the Fisher Price , so I can not accurately say how long that one will last , but so far it has been holding up very well , and has been well worth the money . If you want a monitor that will last you longer than a year DO NOT buy this Fisher Price monitor .
 I bought this monitor because of the claims of no static , the range , and the rechargeable battery . What a bunch of hooey . It has put out static since day one . It acted weird right after we got it , but then started working again . We 've had it for six months and now it is garbage . How disconcerting is it to find out that your child has been screaming for God knows how long , but the monitor did n't relay the sound ? Terrible .
 We have had this monitor for almost three years now . We used it for about 11/2 years and then put it away until our third child came along . The monitor does n't hold its charge , and we can not hear anything unless the volume dial is turned up high . It also emits crackling and static when the dial is touched . We probably will have to buy another monitor because it drives me crazy every time I try to adjust it .
 We used this monitor until our child turned 12 months but it suddenly produced a loud crackling noise at certain sound levels . Still , we liked it so much those first 12 months that we replaced it with an identical set . 10 months later and the crackling is back and I 'm in search of a new monitor that will last more than 2 years without becoming a dud . I would not recommend this product if you expect to last longer than 10 months . I my mind a baby monitor is like any small appliance . I 've had my can opener for 10 years and it still works great . My baby monitor is much more important and I expect to last for several kids , several naps and several years of sweet dreams . For us , this model does not measure up .
 We had no problems with this monitor for the first six months , in fact we loved it . After that period of time we started experiencing a significant amount of static with the volume switch . Each time the volume was raised or lowered a screaching and shrill sound was heard . I contacted Fisher Price and was told it was due to the location of the monitor in my home . I strongly disagreed with there analysis because we tried it in every room , outside , plugged in , unplugged with batteries , and experienced the same problem.The reason I left 2 stars is because of Fisher Price 's lousy warranty policy . In order to receive a replacement you have to first mail your monitor to them and in turn they will send a voucher to replace it . This takes up to several weeks . How many parents out there can do without a monitor for several weeks ? I expressed this to Fisher Price and even though it was deemed defective and covered under their warranty this was the only way to replace it . I told them I was not able to be without a monitor for several weeks . The lady I spoke with did not seem too concerned about my dilema so I told her I would take my business elsewhere .
 My husband and I purchased this monitor and tried it out last weekend and could get nothing but static . No matter what we did it would not work . I ca n't wait to return it tomorrow and get something different . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I would not recommend this monitor because the batteries have to be changed every other day . Also , the battery compartment is very difficult to open and close .
 This monitor worked well at first but then suddenly it started eating up batteries . I would not recommend this monitor because by the time you are finished using it , you will probably have spent more $ on the batteries than you did on the monitor . I think I 'm passing this one along to grandma for my son 's occasional visits.It also crackles and hums a lot but I 'm not sure if that is just a monitor `` trait '' .
 I recently moved my daughter to her own room and needed a monitor . I purchased this one because it was the only one at the store with a vibrate feature . When I tried to use it , I got nothing but static , even with the volume turned down , the static was so bad it made the monitor light up and vibrate . I could not sleep with all the noise and could not hear my daughter crying through the monitor over all that white noise . It 's going back today in exchange for a video monitor or the Sony monitor . Maybe I got a defective one , but based on my experience I would not reccomend this model to anyone .
 I really loved this monitor since I am hard of hearing . It vibrates when my baby makes any noise and I can hear really well with it . However , after about 6 months , it started to static whenever I touch the volume control/dial . Static was so loud . I called Fisher Price and I had to fight to get new one . They agreed to give me a new one but I got a used one in the mail ! It was all stratched up . I called them and they immediately send me a check to get a new one . Now I had my 2nd monitor for 6 months and I am having the exact same problem again . I am disappointed about that . In addition , I do n't like the fact I have to keep replacing the batteries every 3 days . So the only thing I like about this product that it vibrates and Fisher Price are the only company that makes this .
 We got this as a gift and used for about one year . It was very clear with no static ... then the monitor just kept on dying for no reason . When it was plugged in , when it was using the rechargable batteries -- fisher price did nothing to help stating that the monitor was out of warranty . One would think one could get more than a year 's worth of use from a monitor . Do n't buy it or one like it .
 We bought this monitor yesterday hoping `` BabiesRus '' would only sell quality products . This monitor is not . It has constant static and Squelches constantly . I even tried putting tape over the mic to limit its reception but that didnt help . It is going back today .
 After reading several positive reviews of this monitor I registered for it as a shower gift . I was quite disappointed in the sound quality . There is a constant static in the back ground and depending on where you stand in my sons room , the receiver will send an ear piercing squelch through out the house . I would not reccommend this product to anyone . DO N'T WASTE YOUR $ $ .
 after reading some reviews I thought this would be a good monitor . but the problem is the static . the only way not to hear the static is if you lower the volume to the lowest . I 'll be returning it and might try a cheaper model .
 We have had this receiver for almost 10 months , and at about 9 months every time you tried to adjust the volume a loud fuzz noise was produced on BOTH ends of the unit . So , while your little one is sleeping it might wake them up ! I just went out a bought a new one today , because I ca n't take it anymore . Also , the problem with the volume control also made it where it only worked at the higher volume levels . The static sound would not allow you to listen to at the lower volume . And we do not live in a cramped area , we are in a normal family suburban home . Hope this helps !
 This monitor worked really well for about six months . I could hear my daughter breathing , I could hear traffic go by outside her window , and I could hear the echo of my husband and I laughing from our living room ! It was great because it made me feel really safe - but after about siz months , I was unable to unplug it . If I wanted to take it to another room with me , as soon as I would unplug it , it would stop working . if you slammed it with the palm of your hand , the sound would come in and out ... Now it does n't even do that . If I dont ' have this thing plugged it , it does not work . So , I am not able to leave the room that I am plugged into . Which pretty much defeats the whole purpose of having a baby monitor with such a wide range and rechargeable batteries . This thing is pretty much worthless to me now . I 'm shopping around for a new one that will allow me to actually walk around my house . I 'm very disappointed because I ca n't get my money back on this junk .
 I used this monitor for 6 months , liked the reception when far away from the nursery -LRB- but not when too close ! -RRB- , and then it stopped recharging . Thinking it was the battery , I searched 4 stores and finally had a battery store MAKE me a replacement battery ... . Only to find out that it still would not keep its charge . Fisher Price no longer makes this unit , and will send me $ 40 in coupons for me to buy another one ... in 6 weeks !!
 We have had this monotor for 2 years . It worked great at first . After about a year , the battery degraded . It now will last for about 10 seconds on a charge unless it is plugged in.We also have the crackling issue . If you try to adjust the volume , you have to play with it so that it gets the right volume without the white noise . The only way to turn the unit off is with the volume control , so you will eventually wear this part out.I have read others purchasing a replacement battery for $ 11 to $ 15 . That is nuts . You can buy a new monitor system for $ 35 . Why put 50 % of the cost into maintenance of the battery . You will probably havef to buy another one in a year anyway.Bottom line , this unit will not last much more than a year , so be prepared to spend more money later , or ween yourself off the monitor .
 I received this item as a gift . It only worked when I left it plugged in . If I unplugged it it only worked about 10 minuets and then it went dead or buzzed alot . I called company and they had me send it back for a refund check . I would not recommed this monitor .
 This monitor is terrible . All you hear is static ! If you have a fan running in the baby room that is all you will hear and can barely hear the baby unless he or she is screaming . It will keep you up all night . To make matters worse , the battery does not hold a charge so you have to leave it plugged in all the time . So much for convenience . Please do not waste your money on this product ! We just purchased an Evenflo monitor and love it .
 This monitor performed great the only problem was that it performed great for ~ 1 year . Now every time you try to change the volume it does an abnoxious crackling noise . Needless to say I am on the hunt for another monitor . I would not recomend this monitor to anyone.GA
 This monitor only worked well for about 6 months . Now every time we turn it on or turn the volume up or down it crackles really loudly , which is awful when my husband is sleeping and I have to turn it on and off to go to my baby . I expected it to last a lot longer , but now we have to buy another one . We tried cleaning the inside and nothing helps .
 I loved this monitor at first . I could even hear my baby breath at night -LRB- which helps any new mother sleep better -RRB- After about four months the lights quit working , then within a week it stopped working all together . The bad part was my baby was napping when it broke and I never heard her crying when she got up . Good monitor if you plan on using it only a short time .
 We picked this monitor because we had heard several good things about it . However , after trying it , our minds changed . The static just would n't go away no matter what we tried to do . As a matter of fact , the monitor picked up several phone conversations from the area . We returned it and got the Sounds and Lights monitor instead , which we are much happier with !
 Our neighbors had this monitor , at the time , their child was less than 1 year old . They recommended to us . We bought it . When our neighbor 's child was about a year old , they told us they had to throw theirs out and get a new one because everytime they touched the dial it created really loud static . Ours was fine . Then , we had ours for about a year and the same thing started happening to us . Moving the volume control on the receiver caused really loud static . Being somewhat mechanically inclined , I opened it up and blew compressed air on the volume control contacts . Put it back together and the static was gone ! However , I have to repeat this process about once per week to keep the static from coming back . We are about to look for a new brand of monitor . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT if you plan to use is for more than a year . It really did work great for the first year , but it should last more than a year !
 The set is very pretty , however , the quality is lacking.My biggest problem has been with the bumper . The seams and ties do not seem to be positioned properly -- they do not match up with the four corner posts of the crib railing . I started it in all different corners , different positions on the back railing , and even upside down -- and those ties were never in all four corners ! So , I ended up removing ties from the toy bag and adding ties to the bumper . Also , once tied , the bumper is VERY flimsy and sags . It looks much better in pictures than in my daughter 's crib.The diaper stacker does n't have any boning or wire edging to help it keeps its shape . It looks a little ragged hanging on the wall .
 Although it 's a complete set , it 's not worth $ 129 due to the quality -LRB- rough cotton , wrinkled , the quilt frayed and tore after the 1st washing -RRB- . The pattern does look nice , I only wish it was better constructed with softer materials . I purchased it for my newborn and will need to replace with a nicer set even though it 's only been used under 5 weeks .
 May hold fluids , but it does not stay in place . Buy some good velcro to go with it ...
 We are `` training '' and really were looking for a useful aid . It did n't work for us , allowing the entire car seat and straps to become saturated . We will continue to use it with our younger child , IN HOPES of avoiding a diaper `` leak through '' accident .
 This product is absolutely useless . Save your money . The first problem with this product is that the area that is supposed to fit over the buckle part of the car seat carrier simply does not fit over it . In addition , there 's no way to attach it to the carrier , stroller , or whatever . So when you try to put your child into wherever you wish to use it , all it does is slide around . So it 's more hassle trying to use it every time than just dealing with the occasional blowout .
 I put this on my baby registry because we had constant blowouts with my first child and now that we are expecting our second I thought it would be a great product . Someone purchased it for me and now I 'm going to ask them to send it back . It simply does not fit in the infant carrier seat . If there were slots for the straps it would , but then it would n't be protecting the seat . I just wan na cry because money was wasted .
 I bought this before my first child arrived i.e. no experience . The piddle pad does not stay in place especially when the baby gets older and very restless . I have since bought another which has a hole for the buckle to go through , so that serves as a deterrent for it to move out of the seat . In general , I do n't think piddle pads really work because the area of protection is too small . Someone should design one with fabric extending all the way , from the bum to just behind the knees . I think a waterproof overall child seat cover might be a better solution .
 This product is a good idea but it does not in any way fit in an infant car seat . The back comes up way too high -- it was above the shoulder straps . And look at the picture on the package-where ARE the shoulder straps ?? Unless you have an older baby in a large car seat , this thing is just too big . With the 5-point harness , the sides of the pad get in the way and have to be folded over your baby 's legs . I 've had to wash my infant car seat carrier twice already so I would love seat liner that worked but this was n't it . They should make it in different sizes .
 I thought I would save some time when preparing for my second child by just buying this product instead of sewing more of the seat-liners I made for my daughter . BIG MISTAKE !!! The coverage on this thing is abysmal ! It is quilted with polyester batting . Polyester is NOT absorbent ! The knit-terry -LRB- like baby wash cloths -RRB- on the next-to-bottom side IS probably around 80 % cotton . So that is somewhat absorbent , but that is all you 've got for absorbency ! 80 % of a super thin knit-terry . I ended up cutting this seat liner up to see what it is made of , and then sewing more of my own design -LRB- much better coverage ! -RRB- using ProCare as a barrier and 3 layers of super-soft , 100 % cotton quilter 's flannel .
 I bought two for my kids ' seats . They constantly bunch up and slip around . Now I have to lose money in shipping to send them back for a refund.Don ' t bother with these . Just fold up a towel . It will be cheaper and just as convenient as these things .
 These were alot bigger then I expected , make sure that you have a perfect spot for these , they look best clustered together like one on top and two on the bottom , they to were not the exact color I thought they would be , they were faded to .
 The material on this product rips right away . I had bought it on two occasions . The first time I bought two single bed rails because they were n't making a double at that time . The solid -LRB- non-mesh -RRB- material ripped during assembly . It was n't that bad that it was unusable , so I did n't do anything about it . Not even a few months later the mesh started ripping . By then my child was outgrowing the rails anyway so we just threw out the whole thing.When it came time for my next child to need the rails , I decided to give this company another go . This time they had double rails which sounded better.Within just a few days the mesh had three holes because a three year old poked it with his finger.I was planning on removing the material and getting a seamstress to replicate it with good quality fabric -LRB- or find someone on -LSB- ... -RSB- to do it -RRB- but less than one year after we purchased the rail , one of my kids pushed another one into the rail and the metal snapped . So now we have a bed where one rail has ripped fabric and the other has broken metal and I 'm looking for another one.Aside from that , what everyone wrote about folding it down is true . It 's very difficult to unlatch it , and near impossible to slide it under the mattress . Packing it up for travel is not nearly as easy as the as makes it seem . It would take a lot of effort and about an hour of work .
 We have had this bed rail for about 6 months and it is already broken . It has not been misused , but my child would frequently roll in to it in his sleep . I assumed it would be designed to take this kind of pressure , but it broke at one of the plastic joints.It was great for travel because it breaks down , but I had a hard time dismantling the pieces.I will definitely be replacing this with a different brand . Very disappointed .
 Great quality ; however , rail it so wide that it hits the floor . I had to return this product .
 We installed the Smart Guard Ultra II with extra side rail made for One Step Ahead by Regalo . We also ordered , but did not try to install the Sleeptite 2-sided Portable Bed Rail - Double 43 '' by Regalo and determined that the products are very similar so my review of one is probably very applicable to both products.Our biggest frustration with these bedrails is that only one side is made to fold down , the other side does not fold down and if installed correctly is pressing into the mattress . This makes mattress pad and sheet changes almost impossible without having to take off the side that wo n't fold down . We were very displeased about this because you can see by adding a hinge , it could have been designed where both sides fold down , making sheet changes much easier.Set-up time was about 45 minutes and the directions were okay . But we were disappointed in the quality of the product . In the case of the Smart Guard Ultra II , the adjustments for bed width are made by sliding a female tube into a male tube and then a spring loaded locking pin comes through to snap the two into place . However , these locking pins are n't very tall and on one of the bars it came loose two times under tension . Since One Step Ahead is a great company , I have no doubt that I could have easily gotten a replacement , but because of disappointment with the product , we did not pursue getting a replacement.The Regalo Sleeptite 2-sided Portable Bed Rail - Double 43 '' attaches underneath the mattress with a strap , so this issue with the spring loaded pins would probably not be an issue.Another quality issue was that several of the plastic pieces that came in our box were scraped/scratched . Nothing that would have prevented the rail from working , just disappointing.I have attached two customer 's photos to this product description . These photos are sketches and photos from the side of the box that better describe the bed rail . Why amazon/Target ca n't get a least as much information on their website than is on the side of the box is frustrating to me . But that seems to happen many times.I am writing this review and putting photos on description to help others who also are seeking more information about these rails . This would probably be a good choice if you only need protection on one side.For a double bedrail , we ended up choosing the Safe and Secure Double Bedrail by the First Years . For more information read my review about that product .
 This bed rail system was a disappointment . The bed rail is engineered with a snap in place bar system that is meant to lock the bed rail into a straight position ; however , the side rail would not snap in place despite repeated attempts . Also , the system is n't really portable -- it weighs a ton .
 this would be perfect if both sides were enforced at the `` elbows '' . one side is and is perfect . the other , well it worthless . ended up breaking completely in the first 30 days . wish it would 've lasted longer .
 We purchased this at Buy Buy Baby -LRB- the baby store of Bed , Bath and Beyond -RRB- and we 're very disappointed with the product . The railing is made of metal and the metal edges have not been smoothed so the seams -LRB- where the tubes fit together -RRB- are pretty sharp . The metal L-shaped hinges are n't quite 90 degrees so they protrude from the edge of the mattress . The spring-loaded locking pin is just a little nub and does not lock in place . The exposed corners are hard plastic instead of soft padding . All four of these issues are safety concerns . I would n't put this on my OWN bed , let alone a small child 's . Also , assembly is a bit of a pain . My husband and I are extremely capable of assembling products and furniture -LRB- we are avid do-it-yourself-ers -RRB- and we both agreed that it was just too much trouble -LRB- read
 The girls -LRB- 3 & 5 -RRB- had fun sticking everything on , but they needed lots of help handling the small jewels . They did not stick very well to the smooth surface of the pig . Overall , it turned out very cute , but I find another jewel poppped off just about every day . Pretty soon it wo n't be very cute anymore . Also , the tutu looks funny because it is stuck on with these gel adhesive things that are still visible after it is stuck on so it does n't look so good .
 None of the charms/decorations stayed attached for very long -LRB- maybe a day -RRB- - it looks pretty bad . The bank itself is fine and still intact .
 We bought this stroller because my husbanded wanted a `` 3-wheeler '' , it was on sale and it was Britax - we love Britax carseats . But they should be ashamed to have put their name on this : Cons :1 -RRB- Tips over easily if your child shifts weight distribution or if you hit a pothot or negotiating steps . VERY DANGEROUS in my book . It 's nearly tipped over many times with our active under 2 year old .2 -RRB- No cupholder , zero storage space -LRB- tiny basket on bottom fits about one water bottle -RRB- 3 -RRB- Small wheels negotiates NOTHING except a well paved , smooth road/sidewalk4 -RRB- After one plane ride -LRB- I know they get treated poorly by baggage handlers -RRB- , two things broke on it - MacLaren is much better quality for the same price range , in my experience .5 -RRB- No footrest for child !? 6 -RRB- The way it folds is just awkward.My husband and I joke routinely about this thing . We use it for air-travel now only because we do n't care if it gets destroyed!Pro -LRB- to their credit -RRB- :1 -RRB- Aluminum frame makes it very light and supposedly resistent to damage -LRB- since in theory - you can just bang it out if it gets dinged -RRB- .2 -RRB- The handles feel nice -LRB- the no-slip grip -RRB- 3 -RRB- Nice all-wheel suspension
 We chose this stroller because we were looking for something that was easily maneuverable . We walked all around the store with it - but there 's the problem . The store is perfectly flat and even . The stroller pitches forward any time we hit any kind of bump - we do n't even like it on the sidewalk , let alone anywhere else.In short , this stroller is perfect for mall-walking . Nothing else .
 I have about 5 friends who have this stroller and love it . I recently got one and absolutely hate it . It 's impossible to push and turn . Too bad because it 's lightweight and easy to fold , but what 's the point when you ca n't push it ? I called the company and they were not helpful or kind . I thought I must have a defective stroller . All they could offer was for us to try a silicon lubricant on the wheels . They should replace the stroller . I will never buy another product from this company again . Clearly you are paying for the name , not quality . Save your money and DO NOT buy this stroller .
 I bought this stroller for when we had our second child . My children are 19 mo. apart . I had the Aria single stroller for my first and loved it . This one is definitely not the same . For one thing , it is very hard to steer and get over bumps . The wheels are always getting stuck . Second , it is hard to close . The most frustrating part is the steering issue . Also , my Aria decal fell off as well many months ago . I 've only had the stroller for nine months . One more thing , the canopy to block out the sun is basically worthless since it offers very little protection from the sun .
 I purchased this when I was due to have my second baby . I thought Peg Perego products were supposed to be so great - and they are always so much more expensive . I do n't mind spending the $ $ $ if you get better , but this is just a horrible stroller . It does n't turn easily at all , the wheels constantly get stuck . There is one cup holder that is soooo small and does n't stay upright . There is no room for any storage
 I bought this double stroller a few years ago when I had my second child . I used it a few times at the beginning , and it was very irritating the way the wheels dug in so I could not maneuver the stroller at all . TERRIBLE for shopping or anywhere you will be stop and go , also TERRIBLE if you will be going over any cracks or bumps at all on the road . So basically terrible . It 's actually easier to chase my kids around than to try to use the stroller.As my child grew bigger the problem got worse and it is totally unusable.it ca n't handle weight beyond newborns ? Come on , Peg Perego.Now I 'm about to have my third child . I was expecting this stroller to last . knowing how terrible it is I can not in good conscience sell this stroller to make money and buy a new one . I am in an extremely tight financial situation and I can not buy another double stroller , even a cheaper one used.Thanks a lot , Peg Perego .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! Do not buy this !!!! I hope you listen because you will be very very very sorry . I was attracted to it because it is sleek and cooler looking that the bulky frumpy Gracos , but once it arrived I was sorry I bought it . The cupholder broke the first week and is long gone . The fold up and stand option never works . It falls over everytime . However , the worst and most annoying part about this thing is that the stroller has absolutely NO manuverability . The wheels constantly get stuck . The plastic is so flimpsy and they used such cheapo materials . Peg Perego should be ashamed they are charging so much for such a junky stroller . I am tossing it and buying a different one .
 This stroller is made of very cheap material . Merely after a few months of light use , the stroller is already hard to push , and wheels are easily stuck whenever I try to make a turn . Even for a less than half-an-inch road bump , I have to physically get in front of the stroller and lift the front wheels in order to get pass . The shopping basket touches the ground whenever the road is a little uneven , and the outside fabrics is already worn out.Not to mention , the sun shades are no use at all because they are too small . Without buying an extention shade , they are practically just some decoration to make this product more look like a stroller . It is definitely not worth the price . BTW , their customer service is terrible as well .
 I have two double strollers , 1 front and back Graco and this side by side Aria . I do n't use the front/back Graco much do to not being able to have both children sleeping at the same time -LRB- 21/2 year and 1 year . I had the Peg MT single first and loved it . So thought the product quality would be the same . Used it for 2 years with no problems . But have to say stay clear of the aria design . Our side by side had numerous pieces fall off , cup holder , seat clip , logo tag , clip to hold trays in place , etc. . Its not durable at all ! We even have to close it using a pen on one side due to the clip you lift on the left side falling off too ! We took it on a plane trip last week and have sworn the whole stroller off . My sister in law had the single and was having the same problems with the product . She has since bought the Maclaren single and I am in the process of purchasing the Maclaren Twin Techno . It may cost more but it would have been alot cheeper buying it first than second .
 If you are looking for a side by side double stroller I recommend the Maclaren over the Aria . I am not happy with my stroller at all . Although it is much lighter than the Maclaren , the product is not as durable . I have a 2 yr old and a 4 month old , and the stroller clearly pulls to the heaver side . What I am really dissapointed about is that Peg Perago does not stand behind their product . 2 months into using my stroller the clip that holds the seat broke . I was unable to recline or secure one side of the stroller . -LRB- The Aria decale on the side of the stroller also came apart -RRB- . I called customer service for a new clip and was charged $ 7.95 for `` shipping and handling '' . I have friends who have the Maclaren stroller , and it is very durable . If something does go wrong with the product they ship you the pieces free of charge !!
 Do Not waste your money !!!!! I bought this stroller for my 2 doughters ages 2 and 3 . The stickers fell off and the basket ripped within 2 days . Now , after 2 moths of occasional use , the wheels are about to break . I had the single stroller when I only had one daughter , and it was wonderful , so I thought I would buy the double , but I am very sorry . I called the company and they were NO help . They did not stand behind their product . For this kind of money , I would expect this stroller to last until my children were out of strollers . I do not recommend that ANYONE buy this stroller .
 I ca n't believe anyone would give this stroller a good review . We have 10m twins , and have been using the stroller for about 4-5 months . It 's terrible.PROBLEMS :1 . NO SUN PROTECTION . the visors are locked in place . Unless the sun is directly overhead or at your back , it will be beating in your babies ' eyes , and you 'll need to buy a non-Peg Perego sunshade accessory .2 . HARD TO STEER . It gets stuck going across the lawn and on compacted dirt . If the sidewalk buckles just an inch -LRB- common from tree roots -RRB- , the stroller is stopped dead in its tracks . It 's hard to steer in a straight line , so it 's easy to get stuck when going through narrow doorways or down narrow sidewalks .3 . IT 'S FLIMSY . The bottom of the storage area underneath stretched and sagged after a month of use . It now drags on the ground and rubs against the wheels even when nothing is in it . The cupholder broke during the first week .4 . HARD TO UNFOLD . It takes two hands to unfold and you have to give it a vigorous shake to get it to completely unfold and snap into position . Do n't even THINK about about trying to set it up with a baby in your hands
 I bought this particular stroller because of it 's name -LRB- thinking quality -RRB- , because it is so light weight , and lastly because of the snack trays -LRB- it 's hard to find a light-weight double with snack trays -RRB- . However , it is so not worth it . It digs in whenever I am pushing it due to the weight ??? or poor design , but it also slides around and kills my back because I ca n't get the wheels to go where I am headed as they are constantly spinning . The snack tray is a joke because you ca n't even fit a cup in in . The shades about do n't cover anything and the kids are constantly in the sun . On the plus side , the bottom has room for my purse and it 's only 14 lbs so it is easy and small to get in and out of my Toyota Corolla .
 This stroller is very poorly designed and constructed . The small wheels make it very difficult to maneuver , the seats are hard to adjust , and the carrier drags on the ground . It also started to fall apart soon after we purchased it . The cupholder broke immediately even though it had never been used , the carrier fabric tore with very little stress , and numerous screws and tabs fell out . Not only do these missing parts make the stroller nearly impossible to open and close , they create safety issues as well . All of this happened with light to normal use . I paid $ 330 for this stroller , and a year later , it 's nearly unusable . -LRB- By contrast , my Graco single stroller , which is much older and more heavily used , is in perfect condition . -RRB- Peg Perego customer service is absolutely terrible -- worse than any I 've experienced . I 'd never purchase a Peg Perego product again .
 I bought this stroller and could n't even open it ! I brought into a popular baby store that carried it to see if they could show me how ... to no avail . They were kind enough to take that one and give me one from their stock ... but that one had the same problem . I gave up and did not try again . Unfortunate b/c the 14lb weight was sooo appealing !
 We bought the Aria Twin Stroller because it seemed the best that was out there and the Peg Perego name . What a waste of time this thing was . We took it back to the store after about 30 days because the wheels were sticking and making it difficult to steer . We stupidly took a replacement Aria and after only 2 more weeks took that one back for the same problem . We have an 18 month and a 7 month old , so we needed a stroller that was manueverable and reliable.We ended up getting a BOB double stroller with a swivel front wheel . If you have a chance to read up and research BOB it 's well worth it . What a great buy that was . We were lucky though , we got our money back for the Aria stoller . We should have just spend a few more bucks and got the BOB to begin with .
 We have had this stroller for about 1.5 years and finally decided we could not live with it any longer . Given the lack of wheels in the middle it is very difficult to turn and maneuver . Trying to line up the wheels to get through a set of doors is very frustrating.We went out and bought the Combi Twin Savvy and love it . Because it is has the third set of wheels in the middle it handles like a dream . It also folds more compactly and it costs less!Salesperson at the store told us that many customers have complained about the Aria Twin and Peg Perego has delayed the 2007 model as they realize they need to redesign it .
 This stroller is great in terms of size , and it fits through most doors and through crowds easily . It is also lightweight , which is great for someone with a bad back . However , the canopies are way too small , so we always have to put hats on our babies . The basket/bin under the seats wo n't even hold a bottle of water before it starts sagging , let alone a purse or diaper bag . That was the biggest disappointment , since with twins , you have a lot of gear to lug around . The cup holder does not work well . And the plastic trays pop out easily as you try to carry the stroller or pick it up to put in your car . I wrote Peg Perego about the sagging utility basket/bin , and their response to me was that they had no replacement for it other than another of the same , AND that it was only warrantied for 90 days after purchase . Given that the stroller cost over $ 300 , their customer service was really poor . I will never buy a Peg Perego product again . One of the straps broke on our double SnapNGo several months ago , and the company replaced the entire stroller without question .
 Alert - Do n't waste your money . This stroller is terrible . It is very hard to use and the wheels are a nightmare . The only good thing I can say is that it folds up nicely and is fairly light weight , but the less expensive competition has started to buy into this trend . I have found Gracco to be the way to go .
 I bought this about a year ago based on great reviews . I 'm not surprised to see bad reviews a year later.Problems : The uneven weight difference causes the Aria to pullThe small wheels grab into anything softer than concrete -LRB- forget the grass at the park -RRB- The trays are too small for sippy cups and more than a couple of cheeriosThe fabric storage area underneath is held up with six `` buttonholes '' that tore after a few uses with a not very heavy diaper bagThe straps are really tricky to figure out and I 've never been able to get them rightThe shades are very small and next to worthlessThe drink holder is negligible and sometimes interferes with opening and closing the strollerFor the money I spent I wish I 'd been less afraid of getting something a little heavier and go with a jogger style with a swivel front wheel . It 's amazing how weight of a stroller is an issue with your first child , but how Herculean you become once you have two . Also , the whole one-handed open-close feature that I craved on my single stroller is a non-issue when you have two kids because it 's safest to have them strapped into carseats before dealing with the stroller anyway . If I could , I 'd sell this one and get a jogger -LRB- I need something that moves on the mulch and grass at the playground -RRB- but I do n't think I could sell this one for more than $ 20 in clear conscience . A shame .
 I bought this stroller for my 11 month old and newborn because it was light weight and both seats reclined . You would think for the money this stroller would actually hold up well . Unfortunately , within days the basket underneath the stroller was dragging against the back wheels even with just my bottle bag that weighs less than 2 pounds easily . Most importantly , the sales rep swore that this stroller would fit through doors but it not only does n't fit through the front door of my house but it very difficult to get through any single door -LRB- ie . doctor office , many shopping centers that only have a single doors etc. -RRB- and if it does fit through a door it is such a tight squeeze that I 'm always worried my 11 month old is going to get his fingers smashed between the door and stroller because it is truely that tight of a fit and my son always has his arms hanging on the sides of the stroller . And the stickers on both sides of the seats ripped right off with just folding up the stroller to place back in my car so now I have glue visible on each side of the seats that is difficult to remove and ugly to look at . Yes this stroller is easy to push and light weight but it 's way to wide and I ca n't even use the basket underneath . Save your money this stroller is completely ridiculous ... and that is saying it nicely . Frustrated mom of two in California !!!
 I got this stroller when my daughter was 2 and my son was a newborn and I have been trying to use it for a year now . It is VERY difficult to use . When there was a weight difference in my children it would always pull to the side of the heavier child . The wheels do not work well at all . We recently took it to Disney World with us and used it only one day at the park and it was so hard for me to get around with it that I ended up paying $ 18.00 per day for the remainder of our trip to rent one of their strollers . The positives are that it is lightweight and folds up flatly , though it is difficult to open at times . I would not recommend this product . The cost definately does not equal the value .
 The concept is perfect . It 's perfect to take with you for those times like traveling and wanting to let your baby roll around in the airport while waiting for your flight . First time I washed it following instruction , I noticed little bit of stuffing came out . No biggy . Next time I washed it , it came covered in its stuffing that is stuck on and does not brush off . With a young baby licking and sucking on everything , I can not use this anymore . I was heartbroken since I am still not able to find a travel mat like this that is cushioned enough and folds up so nicely with handle . Beautiful concept but I will be returning this product .
 A -RRB- you 're very long of leg and plan to step over itOrB -RRB- you 're a wrist wrestler and have remarkably powerful fingersAndC -RRB- you have no older children that will need to get by itAndD -RRB- you have no need to use it at the top of your stairsHowever , if you 're a parent under 6 ft tall with average grip strength and older children that will need to get through/around/over the gate , then this is definitely NOT for you . My wife stepped over it , she could n't use the opening mechanism . My strapping elementary school-age boys could do neither , which left my wife lifting them over it - that got old fast . And I would n't dream of installing it at the top of my stairs - I 'm thoroughly convinced my toddler -LRB- for whom we needed it -RRB- would manage to push it over , despite being anchored into studs on both ends . Oh , and plan on a good hour and a half of installation time.So where does that leave you if you need a gate across an extra wide area ? We 've got a Kidco Configure Gate in two places in our home - unfortunately , it 's one of the more expensive options and it comes in fixed-width extension pieces so you may have to extend or zig-zag it to fit your needs . We also used the Kidco Safeway Gate in a previous home . It was adjustable in width but is really only mountable where you 've got a wall -LRB- preferably with a stud -RRB- on both sides of the area you 're gating . And the closure mechanism may be unworkable by preschoolers or early grade schoolers that you want to be able to work it.Surely these companies could hire some parents with extra wide gaps as designers , because nothing we 've found is ideal for four very different applications we have had in two homes .
 MADE ME WANT TO KILL MYSELF !!! After spending , HOURS with assembly that basically started with me cutting down a tree for the wood , I decided to take it apart and return it to the store . No wonder they do n't let you try it out before you buy it ! My husband recommended a plan to fix it that involved using a permanent vice grip . And those instructions !! I read through them over and over again and finally decided to give up because it was to difficult to understand -LRB- and I have a Masters Degree ! -RRB- . Also , here 's a direct quote from my husband
 I bought this gate because we have a unique space at the bottom of our stairs and liked that it had extensions . However , after it was bought and installed I tried to open it and had a very diffcult time . There is no way I could open this gate with a baby in my arms . Also , the other aspect I do n't like is when the gate is open it stays to the size of the opening . I am very unhappy with this gate and will not use it .
 I bought the Wide Spaces Swing Gate about 3 months ago when my son was just starting to walk to keep him away from the kitchen , computer , hallways , and other potentially hazardous places in our home . It was the only swinging gate I could find to fit our wide doorway . It took us hours of cursing and screaming to install , and then went downhill from there . My 13 month old son has now figured out how to move the gate in order for him to open it , however , houseguests ca n't even figure out the latch.What sent me over the top was when the `` stationary '' wall mount came unglued and my son pinched his fingers in between the pieces of wood . I bought this hoping it would be a wonderful step to take in keeping my son safe , three months later we are flushing -LSB- item price -RSB- down the toilet because it has started to be more of a home hazard than a safety precaution . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! PS I would n't even give it one star !
 I bought this gate in February ! Its now June of the same year . The handle where you have to squeeze the 2 little buttons together is cracked and almost everytime we open this gate 1 of the little buttons gets stuck and you have to use all the stregnth you have in your fingers plus some to even try to fix it . I have never had the problem of it just falling open . My daughter shakes it silly and it has never come open . I did call evenflo and they are going to replace it , although i have had another problem with my stroller and will never buy evenflo again !!
 We bought this gate because we have a wide opening at the top of our stairs . This gate took 3 hours to install using the directions and templates . After all the hassle installing it does n't swing right and the `` one hand latch '' is terrible ! It takes two hands and you have to lift up on the gate to get it to latch . Everytime you open the gate you have to readjust so it will close again . This was a complete waste of money and time ! I do n't feel this gate will be safe since it does n't latch properly . We are going to purchase a new gate this weekend already . I want my money back !
 For the lady who wants to purchase a wide space gate , go to onestepahead.com and they have a build your own gate with extensions . Its called the Configure Gate . I have not used this gate but will probably order the gate i need from them because all the reviews i read hear are horrible for wide gates .
 If anyone could tell me where I could purchase a safe , wide space gate , I would appreciate it . I do daycare and have a doorway that is 90 inches wide .
 I bought this gate after reading all the horible reviews . I just thought that everyone was exhagerating and not following the directions . My husband is very careful when installing and can make changes to make things work well . He spent at least 3 hours installing this gate , making holes in the walls , cursing , etc. . . and after realized that all my son had to do is pull the plastic foot away from the latch and the door comes unlatched very easily . This was a nice idea , but does not work very well . I went and bought a Kidco configure gate ... and what a difference . The Kidco gate installed in less than 15 minutes , and the quality is there , made of a heavy metal and the door swings open easily . I would not waste your time on this swing gate by evenflo , we wasted a lot of time on this .
 The first shock is when you open the box and see that NOTHING is assembled and the wood is unfinished !! Then try to even find where the instuctions begin . I was reading the English section but felt like I was reading a foreign language . Then I came here to see what other gates were available and saw ALL the terrible reviews for this gate ... should have checked beforehand , it would 've saved me a trip . I ended up spending the extra money for the Configure Gate and am extremely happy with it !! DO N'T BUY THIS ONE THOUGH
 Unlike other reviews I did not think it was hard to install . I installed it myself , husband was not home , in about 15 minutes . The part I do not like is that the handle does not work , so I am using the sliding sections the handle is supposed to move myself . I think that the babies will be able to figure this out themselves , but our main purpose is to keep the dog out when the babies are on the ground and it does that .
 Unlike other reviews I did not think it was hard to install . I installed it myself , husband was not home , in about 15 minutes . The part I do not like is that the handle does not work , so I am using the sliding sections the handle is supposed to move myself . I think that the babies will be able to figure this out themselves , but our main purpose is to keep the dog out when the babies are on the ground and it does that .
 This is the worst gate ever ! Do not purchase it -- especially if you have baseboards . Hard to figure out , hard to install and ridiculously easy to open .
 There was someone who was asking for another option other than this HORRIBLE GATE !! In the BRU Store you can buy the Summer Exspansion Gate . It is sturdy and trustworthy . Forget this gate , Customer service stinks too . Their response -- i called them thinking there was a recall on it -LRB- it was that bad -RRB- and they said the gates were n't meant for babies or toddlers to handle . i am suppose to teach him to stay away from it . Learn not to go near it . Well , if it was that easy , I would not need the gate at all . I could just tell my nine month old son to stay away from the stairs !
 First of all , the reviews do n't tell you that the hardware for this gate wo n't work with a metal railing . We figured out how to get around that part , but the gate was still really hard to install . We have 3 gates and this was the worst . The hinges are really flimsy plastic so they break easily . When the top hinges broke , we just glued and tied the gate back together . But now that the refrigerator repair people broke the bottom hinges , we have to replace it . They 'll be sending us a check for the cost of the gate which will go to a different gate entirely !
 My husband installed this gate into a high traffic area to keep our dogs our and our baby in , it took at least an hour to install . While it looks nice enough , our 10 month old daughter easily pushes the gate open and has fallen onto the hardwood floor plenty of times . We are not happy with the baby gate .
 Hard to install , ridiculously confounding installation directions , and when you 're done , it 's flimsy . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm am wholely impressed by the amount of engineering it must 've taken to put so many ` features ' into this gate . The first 13 pages of the instruction book is smartly used to describe the construction of this gate with parts that are n't even included in the box . And after you do enjoy the hunt for the description on how to put the thing together , get ready to embark on a fascinating journey of incomprehensible instructions anyway . And of course , who could forget about designing the gate with an actual lever or handle , and instead focus on the unique design of compressing molded plastic as a locking device . Which is probably not needed anyway , since any little weight on the gate will open it . But that 's fine , the last thing you want is for your child to whine and complain when they want to fall down the stairs and have to get you to open the gate for them . Pure genius !
 This has to be the worst gate on the market ! My 13 month old son opens it by leaning on it . He pulled on the gate yesterday and broke it off the hinges.DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 I purchased this gate because we needed one that opened and also would work for wide spaces . Not only can my son open it -LRB- he was 7 months old when we purchased it -RRB- by leaning on it but to make matters worse the gate fell apart this time and fell on him . I had already called Evenflo and they said that was the first time they had heard that a child could lean on it and it popped open . They said they would send us a new one . After another week or so with the old gate it when it completely fell part and fell on top of my little boy . I called Evenflo again because I had not received the new gate and told them that under no circumstances did I want the same gate again . This is a piece of CRAP ! and Evenflo needs to address the lack of safety associated with this gate before someone is really hurt .
 I would like to write only one thing . It is the worst gate i ever saw . I installed it today . It made me so frustrated . Just logging here to write the review so that nobody else would have to go thru this punishment.THIS GATE SUCKS ... I like to add some more details so people really know what is wrong with this gate :1 -RRB- painful installation2 -RRB- flimsy -LRB- very flimsy -RRB- wood and joints3 -RRB- it came off the hinges just when my daughter leaned and tried to pull it .4 -RRB- most importantly , it could be dangerous since because of the above reason little kids could get hurt5 -RRB- Evenflo should recall this product before it is too late and before it loses its reputation6 -RRB- painful return since u have to take out everything off and put them in the box and go to the store just for this purpose wasting lot of precious time .7 -RRB- PLEASE DONT BUY THIS .
 We have a 60 '' opening that we needed a gate for and my husband and I went to a babies r us store to buy a gate . We did this before we read reviews of gates and now I 'm wishing we had read them before buying a gate . ... I was so disappointed with this product that I feel I need to say something too . It is truly challenging to install . I did not find it too difficult , but I am in the construction industry , so I 'm used to 1/8 '' precision . I feel that the average person is not , making it difficult to install for most people . The worst part is the locking mechanism . It 's VERY hard to open . My hands were raw from trying to opening it . I even called Evenflo because I thought mine was defective . -LRB- the manual says `` easy '' -RRB- It was n't . It 's just a horrible product . If you have the full size 60 '' opening , the swinging part of the gate is large and awkward . I 'm looking for an accordian style gate now . And the gate is unstable . Just do n't buy this gate . I do n't even know why it 's still being made .
 The only thing good about this gate is the look ! It is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to install . My engineer husband was so frustrated with the vague , backwards instructions , he almost gave up numerous times ! Once we finally got the gate togethor , we realized how flimsy this gate is ! I am afraid that my 8-month old daughter will either break one of the slats , or push this gate so hard that the screws will come out the wall , because there is so much `` give '' . I would definately NOT trust it at the top of stairs ! Now , after 2 hours of frustration putting it together , we are considering taking it apart and looking for another gate !! AHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!! It is so hard to find a sturdy gate that fits a larger opening than the average ! The pressure mounted gates seem to work the best , but they are a pain to get by if it 's in a high traffic area ! - Vicki
 This gate took my husband and I almost 2 hours to install . Then once you make 8 holes in your walls , you find out it is the most difficult gate to open , and the latch is a piece of garbage . The most frustrating part is that after you finally install it and realize you hate it and you have put so much time and energy into it - not to mention its now attached to your walls - - you do n't want to return it and start over ...
 This is the only gate I could find that would fit at the top of a staircase that is more than 60 '' wide , and does not go straight across . It started out easy to install , until you get to the point where you have to measure the length of the gate . I ended up less than 1/8 '' off in my measurement , and the gate would not close ! I had to do that entire part over . Once assembled , the locking mechanism is still quite difficult to use , especially if the gate and the wall are not at a perfect 90 degree angle.One important note
 This is the worst gate I 've ever seen . Big safety hazard . It is so flimsy even after installed properly and securely . My husband is an engineer and everything possible was tried . It also can be opened by just leaning on it . Tell me this is not a big safety problem . Also , if you have nails -LRB- what woman does n't -RRB- you can not open this gate due to the latch design but this does n't matter because once again , just lean on it and it opens . I did read the reviews before I bought this but this gate was the only one wide enough even with two add on panels to fit the space between our kitchen and family room because we have a big step down . Should have listened because now I have to patch up all the holes in my wall and the banister . Just returned this with the add on panels at Babies R Us today and Evenflo is going to get a call from me tomorrow regarding the safety hazards . This gate deserves zero stars but I had had to give it something to submit the review .
 I bought these gates today to install around a fireplace . After reviewing the directions for 10 minutes , I realized I 'd be spending an entire Saturday figuring out how to install them from the 20 + pages of instructions . Back they go ... I wish I had read the other reviews here first .
 We have had this gate only a couple months and it has fallen apart . I am now shopping for a new one . Big waste of money .
 If I could give it negitive stars I would ! We bought two of these gates due to a couple of very wide openings that needed to be secured . These gates are horrible and very poorly designed . Every time someone tries to open the gate , it sags and pulls the wood dowels out of the frame and it completely falls apart ! We have older children that have had to resort to crawling over it to get into the living room just to avoid its eminent collapse . And often it collapses anyway . Now my 11 month old son has figured out that if he shakes the gate at the joint he can pull it completely apart and crawl right through . Now we have to purchase new gates that actually work to replace these .
 This gate is horrible to try to open and close ... do n't try to pinch pennies when it 's your little one 's safety and YOUR convenience at stake . Buy the Configure Gate instead ... you 'll be glad you did . It is well worth every penny ... this one is n't worth a thing .
 Got back online to research getting a new gate . Then saw the gate we just installed , decided to let others know , it is very ineffecient . It is hard to get it to lock and unlock , its wobbly , and the babies I have 2 can open it quicker than I can .
 Not only are the directions ridiculously complicated , the product is a feeble piece of poorly designed junk.DO NOT buy this unless you want to throw money AND time away !!! VERY surprised that a good store like Toys R Us would sell this thing . They had better be prepared to take it back after 1 day.P.S .
 My son figured out how to open this gate in about 15 minutes . He pushed on the end panel and it popped right open . I called Evenflo and they acted like he was highly skilled in the area of gate openings . They sent me an additional stand for the bottom - for a $ 10 charge of course . We put on the stand and he could still open it . We returned the gate and got the Kidco gate . It is not wood , but he can not get past it . I am now a happy Mamma .
 To all people who bought this gate , I suggest you contact Evenflo and tell them your problems . I did and they have given me a full refund . My husband and I bought this gate for our `` wide open space '' between the dining room and living room . Once installed , it took a simple push to bow at the middle , slide across the floor and pop out of the mounts . And when I say `` simple push '' , I mean no weight into it ! It has `` emergency room visit '' written all over it . I was amazed at how it just collapsed - first time . What is truly amazing is how this product ever made it onto the market . What moron tested this for Evenflo ?! I immediately called Evenflo to complain and demand a full refund for the gate and the add-on panel . I must say that they were extremely nice and cooperative . Their first and foremost concern was whether my daughter was hurt . They offered a full refund -LRB- I did n't even have a receipt anymore ! -RRB- and asked me to specifically outline the situation so they could write a report regarding the problem . I was pleasantly surprised and quite pleased by the handling of the problem . Hopefully , if more people called to voice their complaints , Evenflo would realize that the gate is faulty and not worth their name .
 It took me a long time to install this gate . You will need drills and what have you to do the installation . Also installing it requires precision . For example , to adjust the length you need to to move some stuff 24.234 inches . Can you believe that ? . How can measure inces to the 100th decimal point . I am not sure how on earth did the reviewer say it is easy to install ? . I would advise the reviewr to give it a try first . Also , after installing it the gate wables a lot . I am returing this product back .
 I am horrified ! This gate is ridiculous ! It is severly substandard . I thank God that I did n't install this at the top of stairs . Besides the general structure is unstable , the latch is a joke ! My 16 mth old pushes on it and it pops open ! Fat lot of good that 's doing for me ! Why bother having it at all ? I bought this because I have the original Swing Gate , which is wonderful , but this does n't even come close in comparison . A recall of this extremely dangerous gate would be doing everyone , including Evenflo , a favor . Evenflo is putting their name and reputation at risk by selling such a pathetic excuse for a safety item . It 's a shame you ca n't give negative stars here .
 the gate 's terrible . a good gate is easy for adults to open and close but hard for the kids to do so . this fits none of those requirements - i find it painful -LRB- literally -RRB- to open . you have to pinch the top latch SO hard to open it that it took me 3 tries each time and hurt my hands . we 're taking it back to babies-r-us next time we venture there .
 We have a 78 '' opening and thought there was no other option the foot is useless and the whole gate is flimsy . i could push it open with one finger it is a dangerous horrible product and should be recalled .
 As another reviewer noted , the screws come apart when the gate is being assembled . If this company uses such cheap screws , I can only imagine what the rest of the gate -- something designed to protect children -- is like.Do not buy ! Do not buy !
 This gate was very awkward and a pain to install . Then after all the work , the latch does n't work on the bottom . Certain edges of the gate are so sharp , I can envision my son cutting his head or lip open if he banged on it by accident . -LRB- and he loves to shake and test his strength on everything ! -RRB- Do n't waste your money . We have to take it apart and return it tomorrow . What a waste of time !!
 I wish that we had read the reviews for this item before we bought it ! While my husband was putting this gate together , the heads of 2 of the screws came off , leaving the rest of the screw in the gate . Installation is almost impossible . My husband has , in the past 5 minutes , threatened to take the thing outside and burn it.Do not buy this item !
 This is one of the worst products i 've ever seen ! I just completed installing it . I followed the directions and am amazed at how poorly this was manufactured . Two of the screws supplied broke off in the wall and will probably never come out again and another one has been completely stripped by my screwdirver . I can only imagine what would happen if I used a drill to try and drive the screws into the wall . I ca n't believe such weak screws were provided . Also , the eye screws are coming apart . This gate probably wo n't last 30 days.DO NOT BUY THIS GATE !
 This gate has been in use in our house for around 2 years . The wood and general construction have held up , but the plastic latch has been broken for some time . I finally had a moment to call their customer support , and the first representative was rude , and very abrupt . She told me that there was only a 90 day warantee on the product , and that this is normal for this kind of product.I have had other manufacturers replace items such as this much further beyond 90 days . This does not seem a reasonable amount of time . The plastic is cheaply constructed , and bound to fail.The manager -LRB- also rude -RRB- told me that I could not order individual parts , because as she put it `` we do n't sell incomplete products '' . I had to buy a totaly new gate . I `` ve never heard of a manufacturer not wiling to sell parts to avoid the waste involved in replacing an entire product.If you buy this gate , be aware that if anything goes wrong after 90 days , that you will be in for the price of another gate , since parts are n't available.As a postscript , they did end up sending a new gate at 50 % off retail with no shipping charges which , while appreciated , is literally the least such a company could do when dealing with a product that is related to the safety and well being of children and pets.Also , the customer service person mentioned -LRB- and it is also in the manual -RRB- that this product is only recommended for children from 6 months to 24 months . I ca n't imagine our 26 month old being able to open this -LRB- it 's difficult for adults -RRB- but maybe it 's just their way of saying no-way-no-how this will last more than 2 years .
 Bought this gate and the extensions to fit a wide space . Could not set it up straight across so had to put a V shape in order to cross the space . It held up for a couple of months , but always was moveable and the latch never worked without forcing the gate upward . Also , gate has to attach to a wall so need the right opening for it . To date we use zip ties to hold it together and have put L brackets on it . We are shopping for another already as this one keeps falling apart . We 've glued and reglued the dowels , but because of it 's mobility it just keeps coming undone . Not the best gate for wide openings .
 This gate is a piece of junk ! My three year old AND my one year old can open it just by pulling on it . After about 6 months of use , this gate started to sag . One day my three year old was opening it , and it just broke off the wall . This gate is worthless and definately dangerous . It should be recalled !!!
 It 's flimsy ... breaks at the slightest touch ... it 's a PAIN to open and close ! My 15 month old figured out that all you have to do is shake the gate a little and it opens ... I found this out when I was putting groceries away ... I went to look for her and she was on the 2nd stair from the top ! I ca n't say enough bad things about this gate . It 's worthless . If I could rate it MINUS stars I would !
 The problems I had with this gate :1 . The instructions for using the template to install the hinges , for the fixed gate , was not easy to understand . I finally gave up and I improvised . Doing so , the installation went more smoothly .2 . The gate is not sturdy . If anyone were to bump into it , I 'm pretty sure it would break .3 . The mechanism to click/unclick the lock is more difficult than it should be . Fortunately , the people who will using it , have a strong enough grip to get it to work.Despite these flaws , however , this gate does serve its purpose , in my case . I bought this gate to keep my dogs confined to a room -- which it does . They do n't go near the gate , so fortunately , I do n't have to worry about them leaning on , or jumping on , it . As for the locking mechanism , it 's annoying , and I 'm just hoping it does n't get any worse.This gate would not be safe for kids !
 The Gate and Customer Service Stink . As you 've read the gate does n't work . I think the people who are using this gate successfully did n't add the extra piese to expand it . Once oyu do that , there is too much play in the gate and it does n't stay locked . Plus , try to open it with one hand . Ha Ha . Here 's what Evenflo had to say when I called
 I must say , I did n't believe the negative reviews at first . This gate is horrible . At first I tried installing it at the top of the stairs . It is so wobbly and does n't stay locked , I figured it was the confirguration I was using . So , I tried mounting it in a wide , but straight doorway . It 's awful . Despite the holes in my walls , this gate is going back . It 's not safe and should not be on the market . If the baby leans on the gate it opens and forget trying to get it open . It 's impossible . It 's too difficult to squeeze and open with one hand . Probably because you don need too , it opens by pushing on it instead -LRB- it should n't -RRB- . Do your self a favor and try another wide space gate on the market . BRU carries it it 's the same price as this one plus an expansion . Evenflo has to do a better job . By the way , I would n't give this gate any stars at all , if that was an option .
 I do n't think the person who designed this garbage ever tried installing it or tested it . I installed this gate with the additional extension over a floor . With minimal force , the foot of the gate -LRB- the part that rests on the floor -RRB- will slide and the locking mechanism will become disengaged . Unless you nailed or glued the foot to the floor , I do n't see how this gate can be secure . DO N'T BUY !!!!!
 It was a good idea , but someone forgot to do a usability test , and the end result is a piece of junk . The gate attaches directly to the wall , which makes it both unstable and difficult to latch . Needs work .
 We bought two of these gates with two extensions each . The screw heads came apart from the screws with minimal force . Even when Evenflo sent us replacement gates those too had the same problem . Also - very difficult to use with baseboards . We were very disappointed .
 This gate has a very poorly made latching mechanism . It gets looser with time . My 17 month old has somehow opened it several times , I guess by pushing on it . My DOG , a golden retriever opens the gate quite frequently when we go out . I have seen her pawing at the bottom of the gate , so I assume it opens when she pulls downward . Also , if we accidently push the gate so it swings in the other direction , we practically have to break it to get it back to the other side . I 'm sure it will break entirely very soon . If you want a cheap wide gate , try supergate V. Ugly but sturdy .
 I wish I would have had a chance to read all the reviews before I placed my order for this gate and the extensions . I would not buy this gate again . It is not stable and the gate is not really very easy to open . My husbands exact comment was `` I am just going to step over it '' . I would go with the majority on this one and say it is not worth the money , invest in something else .
 I agree with the folks who said if you can read , you can install . However , what they failed to mention is the ability to build a contraption that is not an eyesore . The frustration is not the assembly ... rather hitting an exact gate length for a non-traditional space . Going 180 degrees is no big deal . But part of the appeal of the product at first sight is the supposed flexibility to `` gate '' a non-traditional space . Easier said than done . When trying to guage the distance between studs , you end up having to zig-zag the extension pieces in hopes of hitting the right measurements to even begin thinking about anchoring into the wall studs . It is that process that required 3 hours of my time . Also , it looks awkward and silly . Who wants a zig-zagged gate separating their living room from the kitchen ? If you are looking for a gate to extend from threshold to threshold on a 180 degree doorway , etc. then this product may be for you -LRB- though I think there are better alternatives , as the flexibility is the marketing gimmick for this product . -RRB- The irony is , the product 's gimmick is its weakness . Also , I have only had it installed for one evening . I am a little doubtful that it will withstand the beligerance of my strong-willed one-year old daughter . A tad rickety and unstable . The gate latch sucks too . DO N'T BUY !!!
 We bought this and one extension to fit on our wide wall opening . First of all , some parts -LRB- screws , nails etc -RRB- are either wrong or missing , and we saw some pre-screwed holes on the gate , meaning it must be used and returned be someone else -LRB- which I would n't blame them -RRB- . My husband spent like 4 hrs to put this together , following the lousy written instructions - they expect you to be extremely precise when putting them together but their parts are made nothing close to precise . The first inspection by our major user - our 9 month-old boy , was failed instantly . It took only a slight pull from his little hands to make it collapse , thanks to the `` careful '' design of the supports of the gate . We returned everything and bought another remote controlled gate from evenflo . That one works out quite well so far .
 This gate is incredibly difficult to install and is not very sturdy . After three hours of drilling , measuring , etc. my husband and I and have decided to return this item . We followed every step of the directions and ended up with a gate that was not sturdy . Even with the stabilizer foot I did not get the impression that the gate would hold up to the wear and tear of a soon to be walking baby . Additionally , the gate is not very easy to open and close . Unless you are the engineering type , I would suggest buying another gate for your wide space .
 Do n't buy this gate system . We spent three hours putting it together and my 8 month old son broke through it in less than 60 seconds . The connections to the walls and panels are so flimsy , he simply pushed one of the panels and the gate unlatched and opened up completely ! Now we have to either replace it or drive screws through the floor to secure it . Aaaarghhhh !
 I wrote a review regarding this awful gate , but had high praise for Evenflo 's handling of my complaint . -LRB- See my full review
 This gate is absolutely worthless . If I could give it zero stars , I would . It was difficult to install and is very flimsy . I have it at the top of the stairs and I do n't trust that it will hold at all . I hate that I spent so much on the gate and now I have to purchase another one .
 This is the flimsiest gate ever . To boot it is not cheap . I could n't even use the screws that came with the gate . I had to use nails and duck tape . The instructions were wrong about sizing it up to fit your area and it took me over 1 hour to put it together . Unfortunately when I bought this gate , there were only 2 reviews posted - one was good and one was not so good . So I was a little confused but I needed a swing gate . So needless to say - I wanted to make sure that I put my comments on so that no one else will get swindled . This gate is n't even worth $ 1.00
 This is a well-built gate , but the latch can be defeated by pulling the gate straight out from the wall . So if gate set-up has any curve in it any toddler can pop the latch free with a vigorous shaking . A hook and eye can hold it closed but it can still be twisted enough to make an opening.I kept the extension panels and replaced the gate with an Evenflo Swing Gate -LRB- the one for stairs -RRB- . This has a good latch that 's holding up nicely . But I wound up tossing out most of the $ 40 Swing-wide kit .
 Because that is what it deserves !!! My husband has put together many items -LRB- crib , dresser , armoire , etc. -RRB- and it took him over two hours to put this together . Once it was done , he told me not to really use it until he put some tie wraps around where the two pieces meet . OK , that 's not a good sign . I tried to pull up the lever , could n't do it with one had and definately not with my left so I tried it with two hands . It was hard and very painful but I did it.Now , the fact that I ca n't carry my baby up the stairs and open the gate is a huge problem . My husband said that there is no way to use the gate in that fashion and that I can only use the gate if I 'm already upstairs and I wanted to keep our daughter safe . Upon reading all the other reviews , it worries me that she may fall down the stairs.I 'm sure that my husband did not read the directions incorrectly as he is not missing parts . He did complain about the diffulty in understanding them though.We 're taking it back . I feel terrible after my husband spent so much time on it but the safety is first , easy of use is second and usability is third.Heed our warnings - DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! 40 + of us ca n't all be wrong about this product .
 I bought this because the name was just too darn cute and I thought it might keep me dry during diaper changes . Unfortunately , it does n't stay put on the wee-wee , especially when little legs are moving around . A burp cloth thrown over the wee-wee is actually much more practical .
 I purchased this product to help with my 4 mth old 's severe cradle cap . Thinking it was safe I used it on my baby . After she had it on her scalp for about a minute she started wailing . I quickly washed it off but it took most of the evening to calm her down . I could n't bathe her for about several days because she got so upset when I tried to put her in the tub . Use with extreme caution . Perhaps if your baby has only mild cap it will not irritate the scalp .
 These were the only wipes within reachable distance when changing the baby today . Immediately upon opening , my eyes filled with tears and I started uncontrollably sneezing . After quickly changing him and putting him on his play mat , I raided the house for an antihistamine . If you have allergies , this will 100 % trigger them.I will give the product one star because it served it 's function of wiping a child but I would rather use my own shirt then have to force any baby to smell that , let alone smell LIKE that . It 's not at all natural , unless you consider smelling like you 've walked into a discounted fragrance market , `` natural . '' They are soft and strong but I can not possibly feel comfortable using them as long as they are scented this way.There did not seem to be any adverse reaction on his part but I am sure that a child with allergies or more sensitive skin would not respond well to these .
 If you have some respect for your nose , please do n't buy these wipes !!! I bought these thinking that maybe it would have a nice soft smell , but these thing has more than enough perfume to stink your whole house !!! and I would never put it on the delicate skin of my baby !
 These wipes have more perfume in them than any wipe on earth . They are about the same softness as the Kirkland brand , but cost a lot more . And wooohoooo , they smell stronger than este lauder herself .
 I bought a box of 174 Huggies on this size . I thought it would save more money . But when I used these diapers for my baby daughter -LRB- now 9 months old -RRB- they did n't work very well . They leak ... it is true ... I tried to tighten them as much as I could but they still leaked . Then I had to go back to buy the other original diapers that we used before -LRB- Pampers -RRB- and they have n't leaked . But since I bought the Huggies , and I do n't want to waste them and throw them all away -LRB- It seems like throwing money away -RRB- I am using these diapers for my baby only for the afternoon . During night I use Pampers for her . After I observed , it seems Huggies diapers are thinner than Pampers . Maybe that 's why Huggies diapers leak so often ... My advice for new parents , before you buy a new product for your baby , DO NOT buy the product with a large quantity before trying them . Buy only small quantity , until you 're sure and happy with the product ... Just be careful and be wise about spending your money ...
 you will find them cheaper at a Wal-mart , it was to good to be true ... Kim & John West
 For the price you pay , one would expect a premium diaper . However , they leak easily and the tabs rip off easily when you go to fasten your baby into them . I prefer two other well-knowns brands that start with L and P before this one .
 I 've just ordered Huggies since it was cheaper on -LSB- ... -RSB- after using Pampers til now . BIG MISTAKE ! One out of 3 diapers my 1 year old poops in leaks -LRB- 29inches 21 pounds -RRB- ! Not even a minute after I smell the poop I go to change him and I see poop leaking down his legs on to the his pants and up his shirt and it becomes a nightmare . A brand such as Huggies should be more durable but I was disappointed . I am going back to Pampers .
 Amazon used to sell these diapers at $ 7.49 . Now they jacked up to $ 11.29 . You can buy these at local Wal-Mart for $ 9.99 . You do the math .
 The prices are a rip-off . How can you increase prices by 50 % .
 Just as I recommended Amazon to all my friends , prices went up $ 4-5 a pack !!! What happened ? I thought Amazon had a great thing going . Now I 'm completely disappointed in them . It was a great way to get people to buy other products as they placed their diaper orders - not anymore !! Huggies is a great product , but I wo n't buy them from Amazon at this price .
 After having 4 children in diapers now I recentl ; y re-tryed the Huggies brand Ultrathin style of diapers . While I do believe they fit well and the stretch waistband is nice they have a very nasty problem with falling apart . Whats up with this ? Usually a good product now Falls all to pieces inside after being wet for only a short time . To the point of when removing the soiled diaper it showers out the filling and makes a real mess . Have you changed your prosses ? , or filling material ? or something ? I would be interested to know and unfortunitly will have to advise anyone who cares to avoid this product . . Thank you for your time .
 I bought this car seat because it was supposed to be used for children up to 100 pounds and I thought it would be the last one I would need . My son is now 22 months old and he has outgrown the 5-point harness straps because they are not long enough and if he has a jacket on , I ca n't get them around him . He is too short and does not weigh enough for the shoulder belt system . It is adjusted at it 's longest setting and it is too short . I had to buy a new car seat , I just got it in yesterday and it 's 5-point harness system is so much better and fits kids until they are tall enough and weigh enough to go to the shoulder belt system . I now have a Graco seat and it is wonderful .
 This carseat is hard to install with the booster still attached . The fabric is very cheap , and it melted in the dryer . I wash my carseats after every roadtrip , and it did n't even last one roadtrip before melting . It ripped the day that I got it trying to adjust the straps . I was very disappointed in this carseat . I would not purchase it again . I loved my previous carseats being the Alpha Omega , and a Graco . If you are looking for something cheap this is the product . There are other products out there that are in the same price range that would be better manufactured . Try those ones first . This is an awful carseat .
 Okay were to start . This car seat looks good on paper but that is it . When it arrived the box was completely smashed and the car seat already had a tear in it.If you have the LATCH system in your car you must find , and shove all the belts inside the seat . Then pull them out the correct places . Not so easy . Then in order to attach it to the base you must pull out a metal bar and once the seat is attached , slide it back . This is very hard . So once there together it is a pain to take apart.For facing backwards , if the seat is not level with your car seats , use a towel or blanket . You should n't have to do that . Plus with my baby in it his feet are still squished into the rear seat . Once you turn it forward , to get the belts adjusted , you press a button on the bottom of the car seat and pull them towards you . This would work fine if the BASE was n't holding them so you CA N'T MOVE THEM . We took the car seat off the base so we could adjust the belts . What is the point of that.Once it is in your car the way you want it does suit it 's purpose but I highly suggest buying something of better quality .
 The minky material comforter is soft but the sheets are absolutely rough . I paid $ 145 with shipping and really feel robbed . I 'm going to buy new sheets because I ca n't find a solid comforter in this shade . For this price , the sheets should be soft .
 After one washing , these blankets were so pilled that the pattern was obscured . The material is extremely thin , and the cut is irregular -- when I folded them , they did n't line up properly.The only positive is that they were rather soft after washing . Nevertheless , there are many other blankets out there of better quality for the same price , or even less . I will probably only use these blankets as burp cloths , and would n't recommend them .
 After one washing , these blankets were so pilled that the pattern was obscured . The material is extremely thin , and the cut is irregular -- when I folded them , they did n't line up properly.The only positive is that they were rather soft after washing . Nevertheless , there are many other blankets out there of better quality for the same price , or even less . I will probably only use these blankets as burp cloths , and would n't recommend them .
 THIS stoller is cute but is very flimsy ... its very hard to turn and the recline feature sucks . . it doesnt hold a child that is over 18 months very well at all . i did like how easy it could be folded up though !
 not sure why people would want to use this . it seems like too much hassle and not effect for my issues . case of 3 is over kill . planning to give the extras as baby shower gifts .
 I bought this cup for my son transition from bottles , after having tried Nuk training cup unsucessfully -LRB- he could never get the liquid from the spout without leaking -RRB- . Unfortunately I liked the cup shape , easy to clean , he could easily drink from it , but for my surprise it pours if you hold it up side down .
 first i thought that they were spill proof . no . we were soaked at a tball game the first time i gave him one . i also took it apart to clean it and it is made very very cheap . wish i wouldnt have bought 3 !
 I used this playard one time . The second time I put it together one of the side rails was broken . I do not reccomend this product .
 This crib is not commercial grade at all . I bought several for a new daycare we opened , collapsible helped with square footage for each classroom . Anyhow , one of the cribs was manufactured without a part to keep it from randomly flinging open on its own . Shoddy manufacturing overall anyways , but they just forgot to place a part on one of the cribs . So I called the company , since it was obviously not Amazon 's fault . A very unhelpful and just generally unfriendly customer service person wanted my order , serial number number etc before he would ship me the part . So I painstakingly looked all the information up and submitted 3 weeks ago . No reply , no missing part , no answer despite my persistent asking and threatening a negative review . I would not recommend this product or anything this company manufactures to anyone .
 I suppose these work for some boys , but apparently not ours . Our 3 year old may be getting the ` wetness signal ' but it 's not ` loud ' enough for him to react to . No rushing to the potty for him , though occasionally he will go get a new diaper so he can be changed.For my part , I am also less than thrilled with the Feel 'n Learn product because Pampers has reduced the overall amount of absorbency as compared to their other diapers . This reduction in absorption means that we need two different types of diapers around for daytime use ; these -LRB- until they are all gone -RRB- and the regular Pampers which have much better absorbency ; good enough to last through a shopping trip.Two Stars . Give it a try but do n't spend alot of money lest they not work out for you either .
 I had registered for this based on its good reviews and some recommendations from other moms . I am not at all impressed with how this rocker is put together . Why would they make the toys hang with velcro ? The cow in the center does n't even face the correct way . Also , the seat is really hard . My son is bored instantly when we put him in this . We only use it if we need to put him down really quickly for something . He hates being in it .
 This thing is not as good as it looks , when it rocks it moves across the floor and I am not happy with this product at all .
 I received the item from amazon and upon opening the box , discovered mold , cobwebs and some other disgusting substance on several of the parts . Who knows where the box had been stored , but I was repulsed . It did not appear to have been opened before . I took photos and immediately packaged it up for a prompt exchange . Really hoping the next one is not disgusting , so I can properly review the product . I will say free return shipping and the amazon process to return was seamless , so this reviewer gives one star .
 had three of these chairs between my twins . Hated every one , very unstable . I was alway afraid it would break with my child in it . very poorly made , after using for a while chair started to wobble . Tighten all the screws and everything , did n't help one bit .
 I was at a friend 's house and used the rocker and I had my child in it for not more than 3 mintues -LRB- thankfully she was strapped in -RRB- and she had it flipped forward . I ca n't tell you what it feels like to pick your baby off of the concrete she is lying on her face not knowing what you will find . She hurt her mouth and was bleeding a lot.I am mortified that there is a product on them market that can flip so easily . Did n't they test this thing ? Furthermore , after finding this page to write a review I find out I am not the only one . Please do n't risk it !
 Maybe if you are not into the flashing lights , and the music , this would work great . For me , I would like ot be able to keep my baby occupied while I get a couple of things done , and at this stage -LRB- 3 months -RRB- , this still did n't do the trick . She jsut looked at it , expected it to do something when she kicked nothing happened , so boredom set ini . I brought it back . She has a kick and play bouncer ... thank heavens . It keeps her busy for up to an hour before she starts fussing . -LRB- see my review -RRB-
 My mother purchased this chair for my son and when it came , I was disappointed on the quality of the parts . It 's cheap metal and plastic . My son has issues with gas and reflux so he is in the chair a lot when sleeping as I am afraid to lay him down , the chair is ok as he is only 5 weeks old . My daughter wants to sit in it and when she gets in , it sways . She is 23 months and only 24lbs , it should n't be that flimsy ! The screws are as tight as they can be , but the plastic is just cheap . I will be buying another chair as soon as we can . I just do not trust this chair to hold my children.We had purchased a Jeep brand travel bouncer for my daughter from a tag sale and it is sturdy ! 2 years later it is still intact and usable .
 I bought this for my daughter who is 1 month old . The moment I put her on it , I knew , she would not be comfortable.I think , this rocker is designed for kids 1 year and above but certainly not for infants .
 This thing looked about 18 months old by the time it was one month old and we all know a tiny new one month old is not hard on things . It was on carpet and barely moved plus it did not rock easily at all and was falling apart by the time we returned it . They do NOT make baby things like they used to for my previous babies . Must be the economy ...
 This chair is eh . My daughter was bored and it seems cheaply made . I love Fisher Price products and we have a ton , but this just did n't work for us .
 My 5 month old recently discovered her feet . While sitting on the Fisher Price infant rocker she leaned forward and fell right off the chair bumping her head on the floor . She was tightly and securely strapped in so this should NOT have happened especially for a product designed for infants .
 This product should be recalled ! My son is 6 months old and almost 20lbs . We bought this because he loves rocking and bouncing but outgrew his bouncer . As soon as we got it , we buckled him in and he seemed content . My husband was sitting a foot away from him . One of the toys came off and my son leaned forward to get the toy . He leaned forward and the entire chair went forward , causing him to face plant on the floor ! It says right on the product that parents can rock infants in a gentle motion . However , you must immediately switch it to brake mode if you are interrupted by ANYTHING because it took about 3 seconds for this to happen . I have read other reviews to this nature , also . I called Fisher Price , and I think you should do the same if you have had this happen . I called 1-800-382-7470 , and they transferred me to a rep. I was told to ship it back to them , but I 'm just returning it to Wal Mart , where I bought it . Oh , and if your toddler is to use it as a rocker , the rocking motion is horrible . It barely rocks , and the chair moves around . Please , just do n't waste your money ... and especially , do n't risk your child 's safety ! I only gave it 2 stars because it is ok as a seat when the brake is down .
 I have bought 2 of these infant to toddler rockers and each of them have broke as my child was rocking in it . I would not buy this particular model again .
 I yhought this chair was great when my daughter was a newborn but the minute she tried to start sitting up the chair does n't work for her.When it was in the rocking position , I found her leaning as far forward as she could go , almost falling out if I had n't had her belted in . So I started putting her in the stand position so she could n't `` rock '' it forward and somehow she leaned so far to the side that the entire chair tipped over with her in it and landing right on her head!I would not recommend this chair for infants who are trying to sit up . I will put this chair away for when she 's older and as for now I 'm stuck buying another chair that wo n't do this . Very disappointing .
 This is cute but I ordered this item with the impression that it rocked by itself -LRB- battery operated -RRB- after receiving item it only has a vibration option ... so you must manually rock this yourself ... this was a waste of money for me !!!!
 I thought this chair would be great for my 15 month old but it is not . You cant remove the harness so it is uncomfortable for him to sit in it with the harness still being on the chair . It is not very sturdy and I think this should not be advertised as a toddler chair as well as infant chair . Not worth the money and if I still had box I would send it back .
 When in the rocking position our 6 month-old daughter was able to lean herself far enough forward that the rocker would n't tip , but because the fabric was n't attached to anything but the side rails she would be suspended by the straps with her face almost touching the ground . Very dangerous ! I still gave it two stars because it worked great in the reclined position . But because that is all its good for I would just buy a bouncer instead .
 I had the blue cow chair when my son was younger . This time I got the pink for my little girl -LRB- who is just 4 months old -RRB- . This rocker is very flimsy compared to the blue one . I 've tried tighten the screws and still it shakes . I will be returning this !
 Please beware when purchasing this chair . My 11 month old son has flipped this chair over on more than one occassion and I am now putting it away for good . The other day I had him in the chair and I went to answer the door and was only gone for a brief moment and he flipped the chair backwards and he hit his face on the side of my bedside table and put a big gash in his cheek . So please , please be careful with this chair .
 My 8 month old daughter loved this seat because if offered her the chance to sit upright and she enjoyed being able to remove the toys herself -LRB- velcro -RRB- , but as she learned to rock it , she tipped the entire thing over on her face , bringing the chair down on top of her -LRB- she was strapped in -RRB- and the toy bar down over her head . She was not hurt -LRB- small red bump -RRB- but was very frightened -LRB- as were my husband and myself -RRB- . Luckily we were both right there with her and were able to extract her from the chair very quickly . It did take two of us to get her up , one to move the chair and one to pick up the baby -LRB- who was still attached -RRB- . I do not reccomend this chair ! There are safer versions available .
 I was so excited about buying this product , me son loves to rock , until I brought it home . My son is 9mths old and the first day he tipped it over backwards !!!! I was not at all impressed , very disappointed with Fisher Price.I called to voice my concern to FP and quickly returned it to the store I bought it from .
 This product is not as versitle as I had hoped . My first two children used a bouncy-seat when they were babies and loved it . When they moved the seat jiggled a little . This chair has to be on a hard , smooth surface to move at all with baby , otherwise he 's just sitting there wondering why he ca n't quite reach the toys hanging in front of him . As a toddler rocker , it 's too reclined even in the upmost position .
 I bought this for my son at birth . He used it a lot while he was 1-3 months . The reclining position is great . When he started sitting up he did the same thing , he rolled it with him in it . I was in the room also . but he ended up with a pretty big bump on his head and was grouchy the rest of the day . A question I have is , why is the cow backwards ?? When put on the cow is facing the wrong way . When you turn it around it does n't stick to the velcro and is easily pulled off . Not a very sturdy item , there are better ones out there .
 I really thought that this would be great for my son to hang out in as an infant while strapped in , but as another reviewer points out , the 3 point harness is no good for a child beginning to sit up or lunge forward . Also , the seat is really hard and the whole operation is not as nice as other FP items . A disappointment -- my son is now 2.5 and we keep the rocker sitting in the living room filled with toys .
 Although it was ridiculously easy to assemble , this chair was n't an instant hit with my daughter . It only has one speed on it -LRB- rough and choppy -RRB- , and apparently it does n't work for her . It leans back so far that she ca n't reach the attached toys and that frustrates her . Hopefully she can use it when it converts to a toddler chair ?
 This chair can tip over if your child reaches forward , overbalancing the chair . My son tipped the chair and fell face first into the hardwood floor . Luckily , he was not seriously injured . The instructions for the chair say NOTHING about being usafe for infants who can sit up , but that is what a representative at Fisher Price had to say about it ! `` NOT SAFE FOR INFANTS WHO CAN SIT UP . '' Should n't that be on the instructions ? Infant to Toddler Rocker is a misleading name , if that 's the case . The response by Fisher Price was to offer a refund . This product should be RECALLED ! This could have led to a serious injury . I see numerous reviews about this product being unsafe . Where is the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission ? I called them numerous times but could not get my call returned . BEWARE !
 We , too , had an accident with this product . Just today , my 7 month old daughter -LRB- 21 pounds -RRB- flipped the seat forward and landed on her forehead on our hardwood floor . Big egg on forehead above eye . If your infant can sit upright and leans forward -- and is on the heavier side -- it 's going to flip.Any product that causes an accident does not deserve more than one star no matter what .
 I have the previous version of this rocker . My son absolutely loved it as a baby . Now he is 2 years old , and it is still his favorite place to sit in our living room . He does not use the toys anymore , and we never pull the kickstand out or use the straps , but he still falls asleep in it from time to time . I have hand washed and hang-dried the cover numerous times , and it still looks great with the same vibrant colors it came out of the box with . I really feel that I have gotten my money 's worth and then some . Terrific product !
 Poor customer service . Product doesnt last very long motor breaks with in months if you use it . Fisher Price customer service gives you a run around and does not back there product . Every time you call them you get a different answer . I am staying away from Fisher Price products .
 My sister bought this for her son when he was born and my step mom also bought one for her new baby . I was all set to buy one for my baby but my sister and step mom have both had this product less than 6 months and both of theres are already beginning to fal apart due to lousy craftsmanship . I just dont think this is a very sturdy or relaible piece of equiptment and I am very glad I found this out before I bought one for myself .
 The chair is made defective . There is no weight in the top of the chair so when a child reaches for a toy , for example , on the floor the chair will go over and your child is at risk for a head injury . Do not put a child who ca n't stand in this chair .
 I purchased this rocker thinking that it would be more light weight and sturdy . I learned that this was very flimsy the vibration sounded like a motor boat and the toys are only velcroed so when you pull the handle on the cow for the music the toy comes off . The kick stand was nice but I purchased the newborn-to-toddler rocker to see if it was better worried that it would be more bulky and heavy . It is worth the extra 7.00 and my son LOVES it . It does n't wobble the vibration is very quite the toy bar is great because the toys are very secure it has a kick stand and its collapsable for storage . Do n't buy the infant-to-toddler rocker .
 I have a 8 month old son and he likes it for about 5 mins at a time and today as we were sitting there with him he tried ti clinb out and the whole thing with him in it fell over backwards and he slid out of the strap how he did it we dont know But beware when you buy thid it only work untill youre kids are 3 months and then you have to put it away untill they can get into it and out of it with out getting hurt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that is why I rated it a 2 because it scared me half to death and him to
 We had this chair for about a month and I was meaning to come online and post a positive review . I thought it was made nice and kept my son happy and comfortable . He 's 7 months and 23 pounds ... well below the 40 pound limit . I had him strapped into the chair on the floor . The toy bar was up and the kick-stand was back so it was in the rocking position . I was on the other side of the room and heard him scream . When I turned around the chair was turned over and my son was hanging up-side-down !!! Had he been on a hard surface . . we might not have had a happy ending . Besides being scared ... he was fine . The chair is not safe .
 Why has this item not been recalled ?! Any child able to sit up will fall face froward if this chair is not in the stationary position , even buckled in ! This is incredibly dangerous ! Who is giving this item 4-5 stars and why ?! This can not be unique to my rocker . These people must have reviewed the item prematurely ... before noticing this and they did not bother to update . Omg !
 Junk junk junk . I do n't know why so many good reviews . It looks so comfy on the picture , but it is just a piece of plywood covered with nylon , no cushion at all . All the `` fluffness '' you see in the picture is the nylon fabric folded around the metal frame , giving the illusion of cushion . My baby is a chubby 4 month old and slides to the sides because the back is straight with no pillows or any cushion on the sides . My toddler -LRB- 2years old -RRB- likes to climb in the chair but I have to remove the toy bar all the time ... pain the the b . Now I understand why there is another model where the toy bar just swings in and out , without having to be removed . I want to return it but the assembly was such a pain as well , that my husband will be furious to have to unscrew everything again !
 My son wound up upside-down with his head inches away from the ground while buckled in . I wrote a letter to Fisher Price , telling them about this . I received a letter in the mail a few days ago to call their 1-800 phone number . I am disgusted with Fisher Price ! I 'm not ordering anything from them again and I would suggest you do the same since children can be hurt by this product and all they can tell you is to call their 1-800 phone number . RIDICULOUS !
 This rocker is nice . My baby likes the toys hanging from the bow . But actually its a little hard to really rock this rocker . A less fancy one does the job much better .
 Just wanted to add another cautionary post here about your baby tipping over . My 7 mo. old was within a second of face planting as she reached for a dropped toy -- I luckily looked over and caught the chair right before she smashed into the hardwood floor . It 's kind of disappointing since I think of Fisher Price as a gold standard in child product safety , we grew up with Fisher Price products ourselves . Some other people have written here not to use the chair in rocking mode with infants of this age , but this is n't really made obvious , and I naively thought that since the product says ` safe up to 40-lb . toddlers ' , it was engineered to not tip over . It 's not a bad product overall , but this is something that anyone who uses this chair should be aware of .
 This was n't what I thought it would be . I bought it because it would go from infant to toddler years , thinking I would get the most use out of this seat . However , it was n't very functionable for our son as a new born . It was almost too big when it was in a stationary position and it was a pain to move from room to room . For our next new born I am buying a different one that is more comforting and soothing . The vibrations on this seat are too much for a little baby and it does n't play music . The only really good thing I have to say is that now our son is 15 months he loves using this chair as a rocking chair . So it does make a great toddler seat , but not a great infant seat .
 Assembly is not easy . It took me a while to make sure - the pieces fit together . Its Asymmetrical design and requires FisherPrice to hire someone who has basic intuitive approach to design . Its few bars with some crappy shaker - which doesnt come with a battery - how outrageous.After all the putting together effort - its useless until I go out and find a battery , buy it and then use it . whats the point of having ordered through amazon.com.beware - pretty flimsy design . I am not going to buy another fisher-price item not even if its fulfilled from amazon.comgo buy something better from brick and mortar stores ...
 At 8 or 9 months old , my son was strapped into this chair and threw his body forward with enough force to face plant onto a hard wooden floor with the chair on top of him . I was able to watch it on the monitor that has replay and it was totally scarry . Avoid .
 Not a big fan of this item . The materials are flimsy , scratchy , and do n't seem particularly stable or durable . Fisher Price makes a higher quality line called Papasan , which I highly recommend .
 Bought for us by my father in law . and i hate it . it 's not a swing , not a bouncer , just a chair that vibrates . our son is n't even born yet and i do n't want him in the chair . The toys that hang come off when you barely touch them and are heavy plastic . i also heard it 's very dangerous and tips over . i hate this chair .
 Just a word of warning . I ordered this item and today it was left on my door in completley battered condition . While this may sound like a UPS issue , the bottom line is Babies R Us was responsible for preparing the package and said package had no outer boxing , meaning it was pulled from the shelf , a label was stuck on it and it was left to the mercy of UPS . The box had obviously been opened and taped shut , in a very poor manner , at least once . To ship any package in the same form you would pull it off the shelf at a store is pathetically irresponsible and unacceptable . I 've arranged for a refund and pick up from UPS to send it back and will just get the item wherever I can find it and put it in the car . I would n't third party order anything from Babies R Us again and Amazon -LRB- who I 've ordered probably hundereds of various items from -RRB- was made to look bad by representing them . Shame shame shame .
 We have a 3 month old that was getting tired of his playmats and wanted to spend more time sitting up , so we figured this would be ideal.If we put him in it and turn on the vibration it does do a good job of distracting him or keeping him entertained , but My biggest gripe is the quality of the product . We bought mostly Bright Starts stuff as we like the color combination better , but we do have some Fisher Price items including one of his playmats that is very well made . This item in contrast does n't have much build quality.The straps that hold his waist appear to be almost an industrial hard plastic strap unlike the soft pliable stuff the other baby items have . The bar that holds his toys has valcro instead of loops that would make it much easier to change the toys out once he gets bored of the ones that came with it . And the toys that come with it are all plastic over-sized things he seems to not like . Also the bar padding is very thin and as we installed it for the first time we noticed the padding crushed to the point it was useless in a couple of spots.Overall it works just expected a better quality item ...
 A friend of ours got this `` wonderful '' rocker at her daughters 1st birthday . Since our twins outgrew their bouncy chairs , we thought this would be a lifesaver . NOT ! Our smaller twin , 17 pounds , scooted herself out from the belt right in front of our eyes , not once , but twice . Another time she was doing a handstand in front of the chair . She bent completely forward and popped right out of the belt . Of course the belt is as tight as it could go without splitting her tummy ! PLEASE DO NOT TAKE YOUR EYES OFF YOUR CHILD IN THIS SEAT !
 This is the second one I have . This frame wobbles and I have safety concerns . Since I do n't have the package anymore , anyway I can return or exchange a new one ?
 my daughter was one of those at about 12 months that leaned forward with the seatbelt buckled and she got stuck forward , but did n't fall . The seat fabric is not tethered to the back frame so they can pull the whole fabric seat part out of the frame/forward . The vibration setting rattled which was highly annoying . I had to stuff a soft toy between the vibration unit and the bottom of the seat . Got almost no use out of it and then it just became a place to put toys .
 My daughter spent minimal time in this chair as an infant . Now at 10 mo. she 's too little to use it as a toddler chair , and too big -LRB- mobile ! -RRB- to use it as infant chair . The toys -LRB- hanging animals -RRB- have entertained her more detached from the chair -LRB- I now keep them in her toy box -RRB- . Two of the animals are two-sided , but when seated in the chair , the one-sided cow faces away from her . -LRB- I do n't understand why manufacturers do this ! -RRB- I 've heard from some friends that bouncy chairs worked miracles on their fussy infants , but that was never true for us .
 This rocker is cute but does not support babys head from falling to the side . Not suitable for infant . My baby is 11lbs . When he sits in it his chin touches his chest and it looks uncomfortable . Im sure he will grow using it but not now ...
 I had this chair for my son and vowed I would never buy it again when I have another child . This chair was only good for rocking and it seemed most of the time I had to do the work ... if the child throws himself back , it doesnt give or spring back like a normal bouncer would . The stationary part came handy sometimes . The hanging toys didnt seem very entertaining . They come off when pulled , seemed that they can only be slapped around .
 They have a terrible odor and are impossible to remove from the box without tearing . Beyond flimsy . Buy the Seventh Generation wipes instead .
 These wipes seem to do their job just fine , but they smell bad . I ca n't stand to use them for diaper changes so my husband uses them . He does n't seem to mind the odor as much as I do .
 We tried this product because both of our children go to daycare , and using cloth diapers while they are there is not an option ... yet we wanted a diaper that was more environmentally conscious and better for our baby 's skin.These diapers are HORRIBLE . The sticky tabs do n't stick very well , and FORGET it if you have lotion or diaper ointment on your hands , you will NEVER get them on your child!Other than the fact that we had to throw out just about as many as we used -LRB- we even tried taping them on ... it does n't work -RRB- the diaper itself works just fine.My advice , though ... do n't waste your $ $ ... surprisingly enough for our family , cloth has been WAY easier to deal with , and for daycare we have chosen a different product .
 Hi . I purchased a case of Tushies gel-free diapers because they seemed like a good environmental disposable option . Unfortunatly , they leak really bad . I did n't experience it with urnie , just poop . One time they leaked so bad my son was in his jumperoo and he had poop running down his leg . It also got on the carpet . Yuck .
 This was the first Chlorine/Gell Free Diaper I have ever tried . I was not happy with them . They are so thick my daughter could barely close her legs . I thought maybe since they were so thick it would help hold things in her diaper but it did n't . I do like their wipes though = -RRB-
 These are not my favorite . I found that they kept my daughter too wet and she started to show signs of irritation ! They are also very bulky , like your diapering your tiny baby with a book .
 We were trying to go with disposable diapers since my granddaughter is in daycare . And cloth diapers are kind of impractical for day care . We went throught all kinds of regular disposable diapers and she was allergic to the chlorine filling in all of them.These diapers were horrible . I will never buy them again . I would n't reccomend them to anyone else to buy . My granddaughter is allergic to the regular disposable 's . And these looked like a good deal . When my daughter and I purchased them , Amazon.com was advertising 88 for 12.99 so we ordered 2 of them which was only 44 diapers . The tabs are horrible worse than having tape . IF you have lotion or any sort of cream for your childs bottom forget fastening them if it gets on the tabs . The diapers themselves are stiff and my granddaughter found them uncmfotabl . The diapers do n't move with the baby the part between the legs is so wide and has no give what so ever and the leg section is not big enough . I went with the large size because she has chubby thighs and they werent big enough to fit her comfortably . The diapers do n't absorb . She would pee once and we would have to change her because the diaper had leaked all down her leg . And at night she would wake up every couple of hours screaming to be changed because her diaper was soaked and she was uncomfortabel . Making for a very long night.The woman who runs my grandaughter 's day care actually suggested we swith to the cloth diapers . She was willing to rinse them out for my daughter . ANd they are working wounderfully.My advice to anyone wanting to use cloth diapers with a child in day care is to talk to the provider and see if they are willing to use them . They may seam a little spendy at first especially to get the nicer ones but in the long run it is cheeper . And better for the enviroment . And since using cloth my granddaughter 's diaper rash has cleared up compleatly .
 While i can understand why these diapers are appealing to some parents -LRB- no gel or perfumes and dyes -RRB- It 's not worth the heartache your going to go through with these diapers . I received a huge shipment from Amazon and began using them immediately . The same day my 9 month old son pooped because he is learning to walk to falls on this bum alot . These diapers were not able to handle the mess so subsequently every time my son hit the floor the would leave a small trail of leaky poop from the diaper . I will never use these diapers again .
 I made the mistake of buying these for my grandson , BIG mistake . My daughter says that every single time my grandson has a dirty diaper , it pours out the sides & ruins everything it touches . She would send them back if she could . These diapers do not absorb and are definitely NOT leak-proof . It gets one star only because I had to at least click one ...
 I would not buy this again . The entertainment value does n't justify the price or trouble putting it together , which is terrible ! Whoever designed this to make the consumer need to screw in lots of tiny screws all over the place to hold it together needs punched in the face . Buy another toy , it 's not that fun for the child .
 This high chair cover does a pretty good job at having plenty of openings to fit various high chairs but I feel it looked sloppy . It 's also a very thin material so the pattern on the high chair shows through . I was using it to cover my daughters high chair to make it look &#34; boyish &#34; but it did n't do a great job .
 This highchair cover is awful , not even worth the $ 10 . It is made out of the thinnest , cheapest material ever and the design is n't attractive at all . Would n't reccomend .
 Very disappointed . It is a colorful piece of plastic , no cushion at all ! Bought it for a high chair as a replacement cushin .
 I ordered think thinking that i would be able to replace my high chair cover which cant go into the wash ... this has no padding and is just basically a `` slip cover '' to hide the stained high chair cover . Fit is okay , but not really what i was looking for .
 No padding , poor fit and very thin plastic material . The box it was delivered in was a higher quality than this pad . Not recommended at all .
 Purchased as a spare cover for an Eddie Bauer traditional style wooden high chair , this is all we could find that claimed to fit the model we had . And yes , it can be made to fit , but the fit is awkward at best . Slick fabric is slippy for a wiggly child and there is no padding whatsoever . On plus side , it is easy to wipe clean so requires less frequent laundering .
 When I bought this highchair cover I thought it would be comfy ... But I was negatively surprised because it 's just a piece of a material like a nylon that covers the highchair . Maybe I misunderstood the description , but the fact is that I expected more ...
 The product takes time to put on . The look was n't my style . I prefer the baby bjorn .
 We hunted every toy store for this swing and were thrilled to find it at Toys R Us until we assembled it and discovered that the swing is rather unsafe . Our 5 mo. old pulled the tray off ! Thank goodness we used the seat belt ! Also , the birdie does n't start flying unless you have the swing on a higher speed . :-LRB- Otherwise , the bird is totally motionless . We were very disappointed with this swing . We got a Graco swing with a safer tray that swings up to take baby out and does n't fly off . Baby does n't miss the birdie .
 I 've been looking for a backpack to carry my 16 month old daughter for a few months and this one looked the most promising . The problem is that while it specifies a weight limit -LRB- 40 lbs -RRB- , it gives no information on height limitations/guidelines . My daughter is 24 lbs . and 31 inches tall ; when my husband put her in it -LRB- it 's a two person job -RRB- she was so tall that my center of gravity was completely off and I could n't really carry her comfortably . I felt off balance and awkward . In addition there is a strap that goes across the chest for support which is very uncomfortable if you are a C cup or larger . It also looks strange.According to the reviews this product works for some people but I could n't imagine spending 10 minutes with my daughter in it , and I am in good shape . My advice is to try one on in a store before buying and keep in mind it might work better with smaller tots.On a good note , my daughter absolutely loved every minute of the five she was in it !
 I know the price of this item is appealing , but the actual kit is very cheap quality . The nasal suction was just horrible -LRB- mine arrived broken -RRB- . I returned this kit immediately after receiving it . Would only recommend under dire circumstances .
 I liked the contents of this kit . However , the comb , which was one of the things I got the kit for was very impractical to use . It is designed with balls on every other teeth of it and causes the comb to entangle and pull my baby 's hair every time I combed it . I guess it might be a safety feature but it does n't work !
 I ca n't by a product that has too many negative reviews . I ca n't see it and I am not wasting my time to return it .
 Everyone says these packs are a waste of money but as an expectant mom I REALLY wanted one and had to have one . Just something about feeling prepared I guess . This feels flimsy and poor quality and they gave us better things to take home from the hospital with us than came in this set . The nasal aspirator has a very wide opening that was too large to fit in my daughter 's nose . If you buy infant medicine for your baby you can go to the pharmacist and ask them for a syringe , which is much more accurate and is also free . We did use the thermometer and it worked well and we like the comb and brush okay . The nail clippers broke after a few weeks of use . I ended up using this package to store my own things and tossing a lot of those that came with it .
 I was not satisfied with this purchase and thought the kit was over priced and poor quality . It looked a lot better online than what actually came . I also did n't like how when it arrived some of the pieces were all jumbled around , I hope it was n't a return ! I would not recommend getting this kit , I think that you can find better quality kits around the same price or less at any baby store .
 I bought this set when my little one arrived a year ago , because I thought I NEEDED it . But in all honesty I have barely touched it at all.The nail clippers and the nasal aspirator are just plain awful ! The thermometer was n't very accurate , the gel pad is pretty tiny . The brush and toothbrush are ok , and the comb is what it is ... a comb . This definitely is not a must-have in my book.You are better off sticking with the bulb syringe from the hospital , and buying the other item as needed .
 I have never given 1 star review before , but this item deserve it . I never used anything but the thermometer , and the Ice pack dyed out . The nasal bulb broke before I could ever use it . ****** Do not purchase Kit *********** Stephanie Hudson
 I have not my order , send emails to give me answers and nothing , so I will give a bad grade because I have no answers
 i was looking for a good priced effective product for our newborn , if u r looking to throw your money in the trash it would be easier than buying this product , the thermometer came without battery and stopped working within the first week of use , the nasal suction is big even for my nose -LRB- 30 years old -RRB- and u wo n't be able to use it on an infant , the only thing that works is the comb.bottom line spend few more dollars and get a decent set
 I prefer the Ergo to this carrier for back carry 's and heavier babies . Too many straps to figure out . I sold mine on Craigs List after a few uses .
 We thought we were doing a good thing getting this for our son for Christmas , but to our surprise it 's not adjustable ! He wants to walk , but he ca n't touch the floor . For $ 59 I would have liked to be able to use it . He loves the music and with a pillow under his feet he can sit in it , but he get 's frustrated when he tries to move it and ca n't . Now it 'll be March tomorrow and he can touch the floor , but not enough to get it moving - he just ends up made and crying . We are going to end up going out to buy another one that is adjustable ... what a waste of money ! Who would make a walker for an infant that is n't adjustable to their height ? He 's 271/2 inches and ca n't put his feet flat on the floor ... an since he 's of average height at 6 months old I would suggest that most babies will have the same problem .
 I bought this for my 5 month old son . To my disappointment , his feet did not touch the floor . I looked for height adjustment , but only thing I found was the adjustment belt on the seat pouch and it was not enough . I am happy with the product design and how easy it was to assemble it , but I decided to give it 2 stars since the product description did not warn of the lack of height adjustment feature nor did it have information on approximately how tall the baby has to be in order to use it .
 This item broke after i week of use . The pieces would not lock together . Maybe I had a defected one , I do n't know but seems like it should not have broke after 1 week . It is also BIG .
 I purchased the tiny steps walker for my son and he instantly loved it . It has toys he can manipulate and it is easy to navigate the walker . I have a real concern however . The mini maestro has a steering wheel and a key , with musical buttons behind it . My son was not in the walker for more than 5 min . when he had turned the key in such a way that when he reached foward to press the musical buttons , his arm became solidly wedged between the key and steering wheel . I instantly removed the mini maestro from the walker and have since removed the key so he can still use it , but I caution anyone to do the same if this is the product they choose . The manufacturer noted my complaint but said they could do nothing as any replacement would be the same .
 I bought this item thinking that my 5mo old daughter would enjoy this , but she did not touch the floor and there is no height adjustments except for the seat , but it is only if your baby is getting bigger . She hated the fact that she could not touch the ground . I know that she is tall enough to use walkers and activity centers because she is in them all day at daycare . The mini maesro is wonderful and she loved when I would hit them and she would play with them . So I believe that this is a great toy for baby 's that are longer or for maybe 7 mo 's and up . -LRB- my baby is in the 50th % in height . -RRB- Just my opinion.Erica
 This product I honestly believe should be recalled !!! I have a 61/2 month old baby at home and we just bought one and brought it right back to the store ... First of all , I must say that it is very colorful and I liked the features on it immensely ! My little boy absolutely loved the music , lights and colors etc. . However , and here 's the big issue
 I bought the frog before my baby was born because I heard amazing things about it . Once my child was born , it proved far too bulky to place in the backseat of my subaru outback -LRB- forget shopping with this item -RRB- , yes this is a car designed to haul a lot , so I was shocked . I ended up purchasing a universal car seat carrier so I could place her carseat in it . I barely use the bugaboo because whenever I go shopping with the frog , there is no place to store bags . -LRB- I love the storage in the snap and go ! -RRB- Even after I got a bag clip from buy buy baby , the stroller tips over if you clip anything more than a small purse on it . It 's very flimsy . Additionally , the basket underneath is a joke . If you put anything other than a bottle in it , it drags to the floor and the fabric hits the wheels . It is very hard to steer when this is done . On the bright side , for the first 3 months , we were able to stroller her to our house of worship and to parks while she would sleep away in the small bassinet . I wish the bassinet had a seat belt to secure her in though . I felt it was unsafe to take her in stores this way . -LRB- Maybe that 's just crazy overprotective me . -RRB- However , once she got to be 13lbs , we had to use the seat feature -LRB- she wanted to sit up and explore the world when not sleeping and well her feet started to hit the end of the bassinet -RRB- . It 's too hard to take the fabric on and off , so this became a permanent decision . If you want the flexibility of moving between the bassinet and seat , get a second seat frame on ebay . Do n't pay more than 140 for that . Forget buying a cupholder -LRB- it does n't come with one -RRB- , because if you do , it will make it virtually impossible to shop in any clothing stores without bumping into things between the aisles . Also , it tilts at an angle that you would have to have a closed bottle in it and hope it does n't fall out . The seat has a weirdly placed folds below the knees of a 4 month old and it is uncomfortable for her . The straps are good , but she does n't have any head support . Additionally , the weight limit on this stroller is incredibly low for the price . My child is now 6 months old and I am noticing it has a pretty narrow seat . I plan on buying a maclaren quest or techno -LRB- 55lb weight limit -RRB- to use daily and just use this one for occassional walks . It does work well on grave , but realistically , I rarely go on gravel . I live in the suburbs and we have side walks . Although , you could easily hike with this or jog . After test driving about 30 strollers in buy buy baby and babysrus , I decided the UPPA is what I should have bought . Sure it might not be the popular choice , but it has a much bigger basket , folds in one piece -LRB- not taking up my entire trunk -RRB- , and seems to be more sturdy . I think for the next kid I will get that . Oh and do n't buy it in black , it looks nice , but it attracts heat and well on a hot summer sunny day , that is not what you want your kid to have to deal with . Not worth the price !!!
 This stroller was given to us by a friend whose kids have grown out of it . I did n't even pay for this stroller and the last month of using it has made me so angry , I had to write about it . I must say , I can not understand ANY of the positive reviews , except for people really wanting to justify their expensive purchase.First , there is no storage space below . Forget using this for shopping at the mall , or where you need to carry anything . Our Graco stroller has enough room for our large baby bag and a few other items , this stroller can not do even just the bag , AND is more cumbersome for storage and to fold up . I have spent many hours reviewing the instructions for folding , unfolding etc , this stroller and it is always awkward . It always folds in a manner that makes you bend down to the ground , and the fulcrum point where the handle frame bends from the base is very uneven . Add to that the short wheelbase and it is difficult to get any decent leverage or angle , and that 's while you are holding the pegs in on the handle . Our Bigger and more comfortable Graco stroller has one small switch , and it folds up quickly , and very easily , all while taking up LESS space broken down than the Bugaboo . Furthermore , the canopy is not fixed and the bracing plastic bent rods provided to anchor it to the seat are also awkward , and must be threaded through sometimes when it falls off.The only redeeming features of this stroller are that it is light and easy to push and this could be a decent choice if you need a stroller for hiking and that 's about it . -LRB- My experience using my sisters Bob stroller was much better than this IMO and yet still easier to push -RRB- . The one wheel in the middle of that stroller does not provide the resistance the 2 front wheels do when you need to make a sharp turn and the wheels must turn first before it moves well . Second , it is neat that you can use this stroller to turn the seat around and face your baby toward you instead . Yet , my baby still likes looking out instead . Oh , and this stroller is definitely not that safe , and certainly not any safer than others . It 's light aluminum beams would bend very quickly if hit by anything of weight and if there were falling objects , I think my fixed Graco Canopy would not fall off or cave with it 's bracing metal supports , while there is nothing holding the Bugaboo one on.This is a VERY expensive stroller and the only thing it does slightly better than my Graco handle slightly rougher terrain , and who REALLY needs that ? Do n't buy into the hype . You are MUCH better off adding the extra $ 500 you saved and putting it into your kids college fund .
 AWFUL AWFUL !! High price for a CHEAPLY made product . OH and their customer service is a joke . Tried to order replacement parts that were covered under warranty and received a run around . Took 6 weeks to get the wrong part !!!!!! The rating got one star because I could not give it less .
 Prosone hand steering , Conslarge and clumsy , akward 2 piece fold , not very stable , tipsy hard to fit inside small carThe Bottom LineAvoid it if you have - back trouble-limited on space-small car-busy - child older than 1 yr -LRB- too small for tall kids -RRB- I was so exciteed about this stroller bought it after reading hip reviews and also liked the trendy style.Every Baby magazine I read protrayed this stroller as the coolest looking stroller on earth and used by all celebrities.But soon after I got it i was not very happy ... This stroller is HUGE !! and very clumsy , It has a akward 2 piece fold , and is not very stable and tipsy It is very hard to fit inside small car.It would hardly fit inside my BMW 330i which is NOT a very small car!This stroller Is much BIGGER than it looks in pictures.To inform you this stroller is NOT for you if you have back trouble or had an epidural recently as it can cause severe back aches from bending over to fold it and also hard to open chassis which takes a full 5 mins sometimes to open while standing on the street with baby crying inside the car!I ended up returning it within a week because I did not think it was worth the money.Although this stroller is projected to be very light weight and user friendly it is a complete pain to open and store . It weighs 26lbs also which is not very light weight in my opinion My friends also thought it was too large to steer inside stores and malls.In fact I got more annoyed looks of store owners than compliments ... because the tires are HUGEIf you need a stroller look at strollerqueen.com where there are tons of reviews for other better strollers which are much cheaper than this one and have other great features.Think twice before buying this one.Returning it is also hard as most stores will charge a 15 % restocking fee if you return it.Honestly I tried to love this stroller but I could not ... If you have a HUGE Suv , a strong back and can lift weights and walk a lot ourside I can see buying this stroller would be an option as it steers very well.However if you are limited on space , looking for a light weight stroller or hope to take it to the mall I would suggest passing on this one as it is simply a hassle to put together and although it is very very good looking stroller I do n't think it is worth $ 729 for looks alone ...
 I 've had this stroller for three years now . I 've used it with both my kids -LRB- now 3 and 1 -RRB- . Would n't buy it again . Here are my thoughtsCons * Only fit my son until he was 2 . He is 3 now and 35 lbs and there is no way he would be comfortable in it . * Two pieces are VERY annoying . Getting this in and out of the car for a quick trip to the bank , or a run into the store gets old fast ! It was also cheaper to buy another stroller than to buy the travel bag to go with this thing if you plan to travel with it on an airplane . * Folded it is BIG . I 've got a Passat Wagon and it takes up 1/2 the trunk . * Stroller will tip over easily . Front wheels easily cause stroller to tip . If you hit a hole in the road , you could easily dump your kid out of the stroller . * Do n't try pushing this thing in the snow . If you live in a cooler climate where it snows , small amounts of slush will make your stroller unpushable because all the slush clogs up in the areas above the wheels . * Storage space is VERY hard to access when you have the bassinet attached , is OK when the baby seat is being used.Pros * On even payment , pushes and turns like a breeze * If you are in to Style you WILL get comments and looks when pushing this thing , but I personally did n't like this . I bought the stroller because I thought I was buying the best performing stroller on the market since I walk ALOT . I have since learned this is not true - there are MUCH better options out there and I always felt like pushing it made me look like a snob . * Baby sits high and upright - my daughter likes that she can see what her brother is doing . If you push it next to the table , they are close to table height .
 If all of you happy buyers want to continue fooling yourselves and think that you are looking into buying this , or bought it because it is such an incredible stroller , think again . This is just another over priced trendy item that everyone HAS to have because some moron celebrity was seen pushing their spoiled little brat around in it.This thing is huge , folding it is an awful experience , and good luck fitting it in your trunk . Look for something that suits you and your babies real needs rather then suiting the lifestyle image you want to portray .
 Buyers beware , this item retails for $ 5.99 . The price on Amazon is outrageous . I made the mistake of not checking elsewhere because I 've come to trust Amazon for having lower prices . Learn from my mistake .
 Do not buy this ! There is hardly any air for baby to breathe once in . Also the sling is not as snug as shown . I was very disappointed with this product considering the price charged and the reviews .
 I have had a severe cold now for 5 days . The Chlortrimeton -LRB- Chlorpheniraminein -RRB- this medication -LRB- antihistamine -RRB- does nothing for a running nose or sneezing.This is the second time I 've tried this for a cold . Maybe it would work for an allergy as opposed to a cold . but for a cold it 's useless . Does absolutely nothing to dry up your nose at all.And there is nothing else on the market for those with hypertension and colds . So just buy 3 or 4 boxes of kleenex .
 It might be a nice stroller but it does n't fit my carseat properly . I wish it more clearly explained what carseats it fits .
 V Dangerous moment when my baby in her carrier fell through the frame ... NOT for Britax carriers ... certainly not universal
 ProsCan carry around most car seats.Has triple fold for compactness.Looks niceConsPoor qualityRickety feel when turningwobbles left to rightBROKE WHILE IN USEI admit I used this product a lot but the top handle should not have snapped while strolling along in the mall.The metal part of the handle just snapped in half ; there 's no way to repair it.I had to carry the baby all the way back through the mall.Don ' t buy this.Kolcraft or Graco have similar items that have much better quality and underseat room .
 This car seat frame was a bit scary for me too ! My daughter 's car seat has also slipped through the frame a few times and now I 've decided to just stop using it and get another one . I do n't think this should be used with the Baby Trend car seats so it 's not really universal . I also had trouble with the front wheels . It does fold down very nicely though and is very lightweight and easy to carry .
 This carrier did n't work out well for us at all . When my son was a tiny infant he seemed to slip way down in it and cried continuously until I took him out of it . When he got a little bit bigger , we were able to face him out in it , but we found that the material flap did n't stay down , and also he still seemed very uncomfortable in it . We also found that it really hurt our backs and made us uncomfortable too ! All in all we only used it about 3 times , because it was so uncomfortable for us AND the baby!I suggest that instead of wasting your money on a baby carrier , that you invest in a good sling instead . My son loved his sling and seemed to be content in a variety of different positons.Find a sling that has a solid set of rings and thick enough material , and you 'll be set from the time your baby is born up until they are 30 lbs . . Here is a link to the lady that I bought my sling from . She lists hold postions right on her web site , and is willing to work with you on size and color . I bought one on Ebay and the quality was far less superior to hers . It 's well worth the money spent , and is no more than this carrier!http : / / www.geocities.com/hipmamaslings/home.h tmlP.S . After baby is too large to fit in sling , you can use it to keep them secure in shopping cart , use as a tether so they do n't run off on you -LRB- and no one can take them from you -RRB- , and a variety of other uses too !
 My son just seemed so uncomfortable in it . No matter how snug or loose i had it on him it would pinch him . I havent had him in it facing out but the flap that folds down doesnt seem to fold down that well . I wish i would of just bought the Baby Bjorn instead of waistng the money on the cheaper one .
 I bought this instead of the Baby Bjorn , and ending up purchasing the Baby Bjorn after all . The Infantino just does n't provide the support baby needs , and can be tricky to put on , especially when you 're in a hurry . I 've used a Baby Bjorn throughout my daughter 's infancy , and it 's still in great condition , ready to be used for the next baby .
 I 've been through this one and a Snugli carrier and both were not very secure feeling or as easy to put on . I finally bought the Baby Bjorn carrier and have been so happy with it . I use the Baby Bjorn every time I go anywhere with my baby and my baby loves it . She goes to sleep in no time while in it . I guess because it 's makes her feels secure .
 I bought this because I was too cheap to pay for the Bjorn and was n't sure how much I 'd use it . It worked great when my baby was 0 to 12 weeks old and we put him in it rear facing -LRB- his chest pressed towards us -RRB- . Then around 3 months he wanted to ride front-facing where he could see , and as other reviewers have said , the front flap does * not * stay down ! I tried to safety pin it but the pin came undone and the whole process became aggravating to my baby , so we do n't use it anymore . I would think they would have tested this product with various age babies rear AND front facing before putting it on the market . I will buy a sling for my next baby and skip this product altogether .
 I got this carrier for my baby shower , I ended up using my aunts really really old fusha and royal blue tie died snugli one instead because it may have been ugly but it did n't break my back , do n't waste your money , I would get a snugli brand carrier instead , my friend used one and she loved it . -LRB- oh one more thing , the whole time i carried my daughter around in this contraption people would ask me if she was ok cause it had no support for her and she looked like she was suffercating -RRB- -LRB- however you spell it -RRB- I tossed this peice of junk out and Im going to get a better one when i have another baby .
 This carrier is not as good as I heard , read & thought it would be . It 's hard for baby to get in and out of + not ideal for nursing mothers at all.Too many hard to manage buckles/straps . Sometimes it 's worth paying a few more extra $ $ $ for a carrier that will do the job in the first place .
 We bought this carseat for our 6 months old daughter . It is supposed to be suitable for a baby upto 22 lbs . and 29 inches tall . Our baby is only 18lbs . and 25 inches tall yetthe harness fits so tightly that we will have toget another carseat in the next couple of months . They must have used a dummy baby with nothing on when they determined that it 's good enough for a baby that is 29 inches tall . What they forgot is that babies wear diapers and sometime thicker clothes in cold weather . Yes , we stretched every bit of the belt that is available yet it 's just not long enough . Whoever designed the belt deserves to be fired .
 This is the most ridiculous waste of money and time . As any real parent knows , kids learn to walk in about a week . After that , you ca n't strap 'em in fast enough . Why anyone would pay $ 30 plus S&H for something to use for 10 minutes is beyond me . It 's unreasonable to assuming that you 're going to walk around like Frankenstein keeping baby from falling . Well , baby needs to learn to fall and get back up ... that 's how they build up their leg muscles . Secondly , 90 % of kids learn to walk while wisking around holding onto the furniture . save your money and back and let jr. learn to walk on their own .
 We were very excited to order the Walking Wings for our 8 month old . As soon as it arrived , we wrapped the walking wings around him , velcroed and snapped it shut , and then went about our first `` walk . '' After only 3 steps , my son stumbled forward a bit . His stumble caused one of the fabric straps on the Walking Wings to rip totally off - a clean break at the seam . Our son immediately fell to the ground . Luckily , the fall was not hard , as the other strap remained in place . However , other babies may not be so lucky . We had this product a total of 3 minutes before it broke and put our son in harms way . I would not waste the money .
 Original review when my daughter was 6 months old : ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I thought that this might help my 6 month old daughter learn to walk , but I was very disappointed in this product when it finally arrived . Already a few of the reviews mention the negatives , which are1 . The baby tends to learn forward because the straps are not attached at a natural location .2 . The straps are too close together for a small baby -LRB- this is supposed to be a one size fits all , but the product is obviously meant for bigger kids -RRB- . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Follow up a year later : I came back to read this review a year later , and could n't help noticing the comments , and felt the need to adjust my review . Back then , our 6 month old daughter really wanted to stand , so we thought that this tool might be useful . In the end , it turned out not to be so useful . Our daughter took a few months to learn to walk by herself , and we moved on . I would recommend getting this if your child is having difficulty learning to walk , but not otherwise . As some of the comments note , `` Let Mother Nature work Naturally '' . I completely agree .
 First of all , when I purchased Walking Wings for my 11 month-old son , I did not realize there was any other alternative on the market for a parent-assisted baby walker . After I placed my son in the Walking Wings , he had the inclination to lean/fall forward . My attempts to encourage him to walk forward resulted in him crying in pain on the floor , most likely due to the Walking Wings hiking up on his armpit area and hurting his arms . Only after discarding my Walking Wings and teaching my son how to walk `` the old fashioned way '' did I find there was an alternative - The Juppy Baby Walker . Similar to Walking Wings , but with one important difference - full body support for your child!The Juppy Baby Walkeris also cheaper than Walking Wings . I regret purchasing Walking Wings for my son .
 I bought this after checking online to see if it was available at the local Babies R Us . I managed to get the last one in the store . After the first time using it , my child only wanted to either lean forward or backward . I did n't expect her to immediately start walking in it at 6 months old but wanted to give her the feeling of being able to stand in a sense independently . We used it a couple more times in short spurts , 15 minutes or less , as she did n't really care to be in it very long . The last time we used it we used it longer than the other times and when she started to complain I grabbed her and started to take her out of it and noticed that he arms were discolored . They were losing circulation in her arms from the band that wraps around the chest cutting into the underarms . After a while her arms went back to normal , I decided that it was going back to the store and decided onThe Juppy Baby Walker -LRB- Blue-Full lining -RRB- . That one gives a full body support and does n't cut into the underarms if the child loses stability in their legs , they wo n't be hanging by the underarms . I would n't recommend Walking Wings to anyone .
 Bad design & waste of money . Since there is n't any support in the crotch area , the walking wings tend to slip up under the arms , causing pain . Even if you tighten the straps , it does n't stop it from slipping . Our daughter was uncomfortable and cried . I wish I had seen the review recommending the Juppy first . That looks great & most of all , supportive & more secure . I 'm returning the walking wings and will order the Juppy .
 I really wanted to like this , but it is completely dysfunctional . Good idea , but horribly designed . I bought it last year for my son , but never got to use it because it got misplaced while we were moving and when it showed up he was already walking . I recently took it out of the box to use with my 8 months old daughter . It forces her arms up as soon as I pull the strings and it looks like it will entirely slip off if I persist because there is nothing to prevent it from sliding up her chest ...
 I have a daughter with CP . I thought this would be good since it has taken us longer for her to learn how to walk and bending down to help her is not fun to do for longer distances . Plus I thought it may help her confidence with walking without having to hold a hand . This thing is really not needed for the typical kid , given the length of time it takes to go from walking with help to walking solo ... but for a special needs kid who may be stuck in that phase for a long time like our daughter I thought I 'd give it a try . It really was just not helpful . The support it gave her on the mid section was just not enough and once it became enough it was n't needed at all . Save your money on this one .
 this is not what i expected , the baby hardly ever used it . It might work out for my crippled dog
 We have tried it several times with my daughter , she cried every time we tried to use it . I think it 's possibly hurting her under the arms , she would only walk when someone was holding her arms . This product ended up being useless for us .
 I ordered this product with high hopes that it would get my baby walking . She was born premature and as a result is slightly delayed on her large motor skills . Well , my baby would cry and throw a fit every time I managed to get the walking wings on her . It rode up under her armpits and looked really uncomfortable . She would n't even attempt to walk with it on because it was she hated wearing it . If your baby hates being constricted or having a tied-down feeling I would avoid this product . My baby has since learned to walk with persistent practice , help and encouragement from mom and dad ... no walking wings needed .
 very bad , my baby can not find hi balance when we are walking him . he is doing excellent when we are holding hands but not great when we use this product .
 My dad bought this for my 9 month old son who loves to be on his feet and walk or chase around a soccer ball but since so young has very little balance even though he is really strong . After an afternoon of babsitting my dad 's back was killing him so he thought this product would be great . My son loved the freedom he got from it and quite literally took off in it , but the problem is that bc it 's not secure around the torso it can ride up under the armpits . Once I saw his arms turning purple bc of the blood restriction this caused it went back in the box and was returned . I 've ordered the Juppy baby walker which is basically looks like big unerwear with straps so it holds him better without the problems of a torso-only walker . Maybe this would work better with a more cautious walker or one with better balance , but if your kid is like mine and wants to go go go this is probably not the product for you .
 This is one of those products that can be terrific for some people and bad for others . My daughter did n't do well with it at all . It fit awkwardly , and she kept leaning and falling while using it , much more than without it . It got to the point where I felt that it was dangerous to keep trying , so I got rid of it . If you have any way of trying before buying , I 'd suggest doing so -- maybe borrow one from a friend to see if your child takes to it .
 We were very excited to order the Walking Wings for our 8 month old . As soon as it arrived , we wrapped the walking wings around him , velcroed and snapped it shut , and then went about our first `` walk . '' After only 3 steps , my son stumbled forward a bit . His stumble caused one of the fabric straps on the Walking Wings to rip totally off - a clean break at the seam . Our son immediately fell to the ground . Luckily , the fall was not hard , as the other strap remained in place . However , other babies may not be so lucky . We had this product a total of 3 minutes before it broke and put our son in harms way . I would not waste the money .
 The idea of this product is fantastic , the product itself needs help.I was looking forward to using this , since I am so much taller than my daughter and I have a bad back . I was hoping it would save me from bending over too much while assisting her to walk . The product seemed to raise up on her and would end up under her chin . It would help if there was a strap or something that would go between the legs rather than just go around the torso . The design is a bit flawed . She is starting to walk on her own now and we never did get any use out of this product . Wasted money , at least it was n't expensive .
 $ 30 for this piece of junk ?! I read about it in Reader 's Digest and thought the author was joking . The little walk behind push toys are so much more useful and a lot cheaper ! How is a harness going to give a child independence ? SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! NOT WORTH IT !!
 I got this item off my gift registry and I was very excited about it at the time . When my daughter turned 8 months old I tried to put it on her and help her with standing up and walking . She did not like it at all and it seemed very uncomfortable !! -LRB- see other reviews who gave one star . we had the exact same problems !! -RRB- I would not recommend this to anybody ! disappointing product !!
 My daughter uses this product as a jumping toy more than she does a walking assist . if I had it my way I would get my money back for it . not worth the money I paid for it . I know sad review but it is the truth .
 it pulls baby 's underarms kind of weird and it seems extremely uncomfortable for the baby ; I never used it and I do n't think I would ever do so I do not recommend this product to anybody .
 We were very excited to order the Walking Wings for our 8 month old . As soon as it arrived , we wrapped the walking wings around him , velcroed and snapped it shut , and then went about our first `` walk . '' After only 3 steps , my son stumbled forward a bit . His stumble caused one of the fabric straps on the Walking Wings to rip totally off - a clean break at the seam . Our son immediately fell to the ground . Luckily , the fall was not hard , as the other strap remained in place . However , other babies may not be so lucky . We had this product a total of 3 minutes before it broke and put our son in harms way . I would not waste the money .
 For this price , I expected the potty to have a plastic cup also . It 's hard to spill pee out of a plastic bag .
 Several other reviewers nailed it
 According to the manufacturer , this car seat carrier is NOT compatible with thousands of infant car seats on the market despite the clearly misleading name `` Universal '' . I bought the top rated infant car seat by Britax and then this carrier based on the box which said compatible with Britax . After reviewing the instructions , I found it was not compatible with this and many other infant car seats .
 Pros : - Large , easily accessible basket.-Large cup/snack holder.-Long handle keeps you from kicking the stroller wheels as you walk.Cons : - Most car seats * do not * snap onto the frame including some that are supposedly compatible according to the manual -LRB- including my Graco SnugRide , which did not fit -RRB- . - The only thing left to secure the carseat to the frame is a belt that snaps across the middle of the carseat . If you run into something , the car seat flips upward , pivoting on the strap.I took this to Babies R Us and tried it with all the infant seats , but could not find one that actually snapped onto the cross bar of this stroller frame -LRB- tried Evenflo , Combi , Graco SafeSeat -RRB- . I was disappointed because I do like the design of the stroller and would have kept it if I could find a compatible carseat . I ended up returning this and getting a Graco SnugRider stroller frame instead - not as nice but at least my Graco seat sanps onto it securely .
 I only looked at the stars , but should have carefully read the reviews . The Graco SnugRide car seat does not securely fit on this car seat carrier . I am going to try to return and get a Graco carrier .
 It says that all Graco SnugRide 's would snap into it . Well , ours did n't . I was very disappointed , because I really liked the design . When we got it , the front bar was at an angle , but the pads were just too thick for our carseat . I live in rural AK , and we ca n't just go down to the store to see it before you buy it , but I would suggest doing that , and making sure that your seat will snap in properly ! Other than that , it looked really nice , still waiting for Amazon to refund our money so we can buy the graco brand one . Good luck !
 Stroller arrived with front axle assembly so loose that ball bearings fell out . Instructions are minimal , pictures are too small to show the details they are intended to illustrate . The sun shade support broke the first time we raised the shade . I can only recommend that you not buy this stroller . We bought the other brand -LRB- cheaper -RRB- and it is great .
 I 've got this carriage for over a year and I 'm totaly unsatisfied ! The carriages weight center is very far back therefor it has a tendency to flip backwards -LRB- especially when your child pushes his/her back against the seat -RRB- ! It is also very poorly designed for travelling since it takes up lots of space when folded . I have to take the front wheel off every time I try to put it in the car trunk . It is also relativly heavy ! The bottom bag is also poorly located - leaving very small space between the seat and the top edge of the bag - which leaves very little place to fit stuff in . Also the material is of very poor quality - it began to tear after a very short while although I 'm very careful not to place anything heavy in it.This is no doubt one of the worst purchases I 've done lately !!! Stay away from it !
 We purchased this stroller because it seemed to fold more compactly and promised more recline positions . Though it arrived only several days after ordering , this stroller quickly became a disappointment . The front wheel hubs arrived so loose that the ball bearings began to fall out before I realized I had to tighten and adjust wheel to center on axle . Assembly directions were limited and accompanying pictures useless . Once assembled , my wife pulled the sun visor up and the support broke , the attachments on both sides were very tight and the part was flimsy . So , I packed it up , paid -LSB- money -RSB- to return it and bought a less expensive model from a different manufacturer - a much better product and just as compact .
 I liked this stroller when it first arrived , but after using it regularly I 've really started to hate it . It does n't track straight -LRB- it veers to the right slightly -RRB- . The basket is terribly small and is held on by snaps . If you overload the basket , it unsnaps itself and drops the cargo on the ground ... just in time for the rear wheels to run over your diaper bag . And finally , it 's not well balanced . If you hang a diaper bag on the back , it will tip over with your child in it . Avoid .
 I thought this stroller would be great since it was the rubber tires and not the cheap plastic ones . I was wrong . Apparently they all have trouble veering to the right because mine does too . I just thought it was my lack of jogging skills until I read the other reviews . Also , the straps do n't adjust big enough for my 2 year old son . I wo n't buy this stroller again .
 We have had our Tike Tech Sport Stroller for a few months now . Overall it seams well built and easy to use except when we use it on hills . The baby sits too far rearward over the back wheels which makes it very unstable . When going up hill , the stroller tips backward . This has happened to me -LRB- luckily , the baby had the 5 point harness on -RRB- . I could see where this might be dangerous if you were to need to put any of your weight on the stroller while jogging , especially since the brakes are on the front wheel . I have since looked at other jogger strollers , and they do n't seem to have this problem . My husband and I are safety engineers and agree that this can be an unsafe product . I will be surprised if this review is posted . At least , I hope BABIESRUS.com takes a close look at the products they are selling .
 After reading all the reviews of this stroller I decided to get one for my gorgeous son . I agree with the Canadian and not the Bostonian and have to let others know that this is not a good stroller . I had problems with the frame and front tire , the stroller continues to veer to the right . Please look elsewhere and do n't base you decision solely on price point .
 After a year and a half with this stroller , the spokes are rusting away . I 've spoken to tike tech customer service and they have offered to replace the wheels at about half the cost of the stroller . Not a great solution as I imagine those will rust away too . We have never had he stroller out in the rain , or exposed it in any way more than normal . Other than that it has been pretty good . I wish the rear wheels were a little farther toward the back of the stroller as it tends to tip backwards easily . Overall it 's easy to jog with .
 I purchased this stroller through Tike Tech Canada . They offer extremely poor service and to top it off the stroller that I received was of sub-standard quality . Please check your goods upon arrival to ensure that the product that you receive is in working order.I would not recommend this product to anyone !
 I am not too happy with this stroller . Although it is nice for long walks and it rides smooth over the brick sidewalks in our neighborhood , it drives me crazy . Mostly because it is really bulky when folded and it is a little time consuming to fold up when on the go . The seating area is really wide for my 6 month old and she slides around . I use the straps , but I think she is a little too small for them . She does seem comfortable ; every time we go walking she is quickly put to sleep . I think I would be a lot happier with it if it folded easier and fit in the car better . Maybe check out some others before choosing this one .
 I should have waited until my son was born to purchase a jogger and actually test driven a few different jogger models . Although this stroller has had fairly good reviews -LRB- I will agree that it is well built -RRB- I have to admit that their are a number of other joggers that Babies r Us sells in their stores that are much better . This stroller is very large and the sun shade -LSB- is inadequate -RSB- to be really honest ! My other mom friends have joggers that have sun canopy 's that move similar to the shades on infant car seats . Since this one is stationary it is impossible to keep the sun out of your babies eyes if you are walking into the sun -LRB- the trail I walk is east west , so the sun is in my son 's eyes no matter what -RRB- . This is really the poorest feature of this well built stroller and if I could get my money back I would . This stroller is also quite uncomfortable as well . My son is pretty low maintenance and will ride in an umbrella stroller all day , but does n't like this stroller for more than about 20 minutes at a time . Even though the ride is a lot smoother I can only think that the harness is uncomfortable or the support is poor . For the money that was paid I am very disappointed .
 We purchased this Graco seat for our second child after being very happy with another Graco infant seat for our first child over 6 years ago . It is considerably larger - length , width , and weight than the previous SafeSeat styles . Our baby fit in it well , but my husband and I both struggled with the weight of the combined baby and carseat by the time our son was 8 months old . Because of this , we switched over to a convertible seat at 9 months , making the extra $ $ we paid for the large size worthless . Keep this in mind if you foresee carrying/transporting your baby around a lot . This is a very heavy car seat .
 We were swayed by the height and weight limit for this car seat as our previous two children both grew out of the other one by the time they were one . So , we decided to go with this one since it claims it will accomodate an infant up to 30/32 . The problem is with the leveling system ... if you adhere to the guidelines the baby 's head is tilted with the chin ending up in their chest which inhibits their ability to breathe . Also , it does n't necessarily accomodate a smaller newborn ... our daughter was 6 lbs , 8 oz and 19 '' long and these straps barely have the ability to tighten enough to be snugly safe . If we had the money we would go back to buying an Eddie Bauer model like we had with our two older children . We wish we 'd kept the other one , but this was a surprise baby and we had already donated the other to a needy family.Also , the car seat does not latch in a shopping cart and therefore has to be placed in the largest part of the cart for safety reasons which makes shopping for more than a couple of things virtually impossible.While the weight and height limits are good on this ... the rest leaves much to be desired .
 I bought this because I thought it had rated the best in a consumer 's report article , and I loved the color . The straps are sometimes hard to work -- they stick at times . Also , using this as part of the travel system with the stroller is a pain . It 's not very sturdy and is sometimes difficult to release . The release is also sometimes problematic in the car base . The handle configuration is not easy on the back , esp . with a growing baby . The visor often falls down behind/under the carseat , which makes it a pain when transporting . I sometimes pull them off altogether to not be bothered with them .
 I bought this car seat based upon the written reviews here . Well , after having baby and working with this super-wide car seat , you quickly realize your walking is limited to about 10 steps . Now my baby is four days short of 5 months old and over 20 lbs . -LRB- ! I know ! Huge ! -RRB- and together , this car seat and baby are approaching 40 lbs ! I can barely lift it into my car , and can not maneuver it at all . I am now moving him out of it and straight into a Britax Marathon and giving up on the `` systems . '' Also , I did move the straps on the Graco to the middle level and they are getting tight on junior , and I moved them to the top level and there is NO SLACK whatsoever - I almost can not buckle in a 5-month old baby .
 I ca n't stand this car seat because it takes up way too much front to back space on the car seat . In order to fit it into our Chrysler 300M we had to put it on the rear right side seat and move the passenger seat all the way forward ! Our car has quite a bit of space in the back seats , but this car seat takes up way more than it should.You also have only one slot for the front buckle that goes between the baby 's legs , so it 's not adjustable in that sense.The mesh cover is nice and soft though : -RRB-
 I loved this seat at first , since it was so safe and comfy for my baby . It was heavy and awkward , as other reviewers have noted , but it still seemed worth it for the added safety and durability . It was also great to have one seat with a base in each car . The problem arose when my baby got tall enough that we needed to adjust the shoulder straps to the their highest slot . After that adjustment , there was no longer enough slack around the waist and we were crushing our baby , who weighed only 19 pounds . There was no possible way to get any more `` give '' out of the available length of the straps . I do n't understand how this seat can accommodate babies up to 30 pounds , unless they 're also very short . Overall , we paid a lot of money for a car seat and two bases that were only usable for 8 months when we had hoped they 'd last for the entire first year . We replaced the seat with convertible seats for both our cars so we would n't have to buy yet another new set of car seats when we reach the one-year mark . How disappointing !
 After tons of research and test-driving this stroller in the store , I thought I 'd found The Perfect Stroller . I was so excited to get it home and let my ten month old out for a `` test-drive '' . I encountered problems immediately . First , the stroller was Extremely difficult to open and close . It was so stiff I found myself leaning on it with all my weight just to get it to open . Getting it to fold back up was no picnic either . I 'd read other reviews about this stroller being `` stiff '' at first , so I figured it would get better . Three days later it still had n't loosened up . I also found the recline on the seat mechanism to be very stiff and awkward . The final straw came when I noticed that I kept kicking the wheels every seventh or eighth step . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and do n't have an unusual stride . It was annoying . I decided to return it while I still could -LRB- thankfully I purchased it at a local store that has a wonderful exchange policy ! -RRB- I did like a few things
 As typical of Britax , the safety features/sturdiness of this stroller are not rivaled ; however , this stroller is difficult to steer with one hand , akward to open & close , and recline . I have two kids , and I am unable to hold my daughter 's hand and steer the stroller with the other . I thought this stroller was the answer for a compact stroller , but I am now shopping for a new one -LRB- even though my son is already 16m old -RRB- ! The negatives take away from any of the positives .
 Great design , does n't tip over like the MacLaren strollers ... but the footrest fell off after a few months of use . Granted , the Britax customer service was wonderful and resent us another stroller immediately , but then the snaps of the basket on the new stroller were a bit off and would n't clip on . Obviously a problem with quality control . Although I love the design , I would not recommend this stroller to anyone simply because I ca n't trust the quality . Too bad because the Britax car seats are one of the most trusted brands .
 I BOUGHT THIS STROLLER FOR A LIGHTWEIGHT STROLLER FOR MY 21/2 YEAR OLD SON , WE ARE GOING ON VACATION TO DISNEY WORLD AND I WANTED SOMETHING EASY TO CARRY ONCE FOLDED . ONCE I OPENED THE STROLLER AND TRIED IT OUT I HATED IT . I HAVE A JEEP LIBERTY URBAN TERRIAN LIMITED WHICH I LOVE SO MAYBE I AM A BIT SPOILED , BUT THE JEEP STROLLER IS I BIT TO BIG TO FOLD UP AND TAKE ON TRAMS AND BUSES IN DISNEY WITHOUT MY HUSBAND THERE . I HAVE A BRITAX MARATHON CAR SEAT WHICH I ALSO LOVE SO I THOUGHT THIS WAS A SAFE BET , BOY WAS I WRONG.IT IS HARD TO FOLD , HARD TO STEER AND NOT VERY COMFORTABLE FOR A TODDLER , THE BASKET COULD ONLY HOLD MY POCKETBOOK AND NOTHING ELSE WOULD FIT AND THEN WHEN MY SON WANTED TO RECLINE , I HAD TO TAKE THE POCKETBOOK OUT SO IT WOULD RECLINE PROPERLY.AGAIN , I AM USED TO THE JEEP STROLLER WHICH HAS A SUPER HUGE BAKET THAT YOU CAN EVEN GET THINGS IN AND OUT WHEN IT IS FULLY RECLINED . I AM TAKING THE BRITAX PREVIEW STROLLER BACK TO THE STORE TOMORROW .
 I bought this stroller 4 months ago and if I could I would return it . It is very difficult to fold/unfold , it is not confortable and my son hate it , it is hard to manuver , well , I hate it all !!!!
 I recently purchased this booster as well as the Britax Starriser booster seat -LRB- I have two cars/two toddlers and an infant -RRB- . My children argue over who gets to ride in the Starriser . For some reason they are not as comfortable in the Parkway . My theory is that it is too much like a car seat rather than a booster -- and they feel `` too snug '' in it . They even look uncomfortable in it . The one advantage of the Parkway over the Starriser is the increase neck protection if they should fall asleep . If I had to do it over , I would have purchased two of the Starrisers instead of the Parkway . BTW , I purchased the Britax Companion for my infant and I LOVE it .
 I 've used this car seat for over a year . My daughter did n't care for it too much . I 'm not sure what she hated more the head rest or the seat which is about as soft as a towel covering a rock . The cup holders can in no way function as a cup holder . The car seat head unit is made up of a flexible plastic , Styrofoam , covered with cloth . Somehow during the moving the car seat around we cracked the Styrofoam in two places . Thus foam was falling out of the head rest . Well a call to Britax and waiting on hold for about 30 mins I was told it would cost $ 10 for a replacement piece . A car booster seat needs to last longer however I was able to damage mine in about a year . The replacement foam -LRB- the same stuff cheap beer coolers are made of -RRB- costing $ 10 seems a bit excessive .
 i loved it for a day , because the arms quit working right away . sounded like the gears were stripped , so all we had was slight music or a grinding noise .
 we were excited to get this and our baby really liked it but less than 4 months after using it the branches have stopped moving and it makes a loud clicking noise . noticed another reviewer had the same problem . Very cute design but something does n't work well when put together .
 We were excited to get this mobile because of the different sounds - one setting plays nature type sounds and another plays music . Unfortunately , the `` branches '' get stuck and start to make loud clicking noises that scare my baby . :o-LRB- We 're going to have to buy a different mobile .
 I recently purchased this item and was excited to use it . It was easy to put together however when I put it on the crib it was very heavy and with one slight bump it fell onto the crib . Luckily my daughter was not in the crib . If you have a crib that has thicker side rails this is not the mobile for you . I have a sleigh type crib and even thought it fits on it , it will definetly fall if touched even slightly . I am returning it today .
 The rails work great , but they do not come with the rails to hold the mattress up . You need to have the rails to hold the mattress up because this bed does not require of fit a boxspring . My dad had to make these rails to hold the mattress up out of wood . Works great now , but make sure you have these rails handy when converting to the full size bed !
 These rails do not work on the DaVinci crib that I have and I ca n't figure out what to do next .
 This was a baby shower gift , the parents have not had the opportunity to use this item . I would recommend the item once the parents use it .
 Maybe it 's because my crib is older ? Anyway , we bought the crib in 2007 when my first was born . Finally bought the conversion kit in 2010 when we had our second . We did n't want to not have them in case the style was discontinued even though we knew we would n't need to convert for a few years . Tonight , I finally began switching out beds . .2 y/o gets toddler bed , 5 y/o gets crib converted to full sized bed ... and the bolts are an inch too short ! Hopefully , I can get the same diameter bolt in an inch longer at Lowe 's tomorrow . If not , the conversion kit will be useless to me !
 The rails work with my existing bed , the problem is they do n't tell you that you have to have additional cross boards to support the mattress . In addition , once you place the cross boards on the rails , the mattress no longer is held in place , so I had to lower the supports on the rails to keep the mattress from sliding off the bed . Its a poor design . A lot of work had to be done to make these functional rails .
 Is it really too much to ask for the company to include the horizontal slats?I read the reviews , but somehow did n't understand why people were talking about the box spring . The answer is
 I recently purchased the Pokemon Bank thinking it would be fun and useful but I was very disappointed to see the actual size of the bank . This `` bank '' would do well if it would hold 3.00 in quarters .
 This was not what I expected . It just holds pictures - there is no room to add a caption . Very disappointed .
 We initially purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my daughter . It is very cute but very flimsy and the bar/handle would not hold the seat in a sitting position -LRB- it kept slipping -RRB- . I ended up finding another doll carseat at a store and ended up giving that one to her instead . We will be returning this one .
 I bought this activity station for my six month old son . At first it was perfect . He loved it.But now , he turned nine month and started to be more active . He started to run in this chair around the activity station but because table not heavy it started to move after my son . I used to put station on the hardwood floor in the living room . First time he bumped to the wall and I did n't understood how it happen , than he almost overturns himself to the floor , I was shocked . I took this toy away . I do n't recommend to by this item , its dangerous !!!
 First , this toy was a major pain to put together . I put together almost everything the family buys and this was one of the hardest toys . I ended up having to put duck tape around the middle section just to keep it together so I could put the screws in , then the screws went too far in and tore the plastic so I just left the duck tape on for reinforcement lest they come out later.Second , the seat seems really too wide . The baby this was for is 8 months , almost 9 months and he can not touch the floor yet , plus wobbles in the wide seat which has no way to secure him in it . I worry that he will fall out if I 'm not watching him . He is average weight and a bit under in height -LRB- though not under average -RRB- so maybe the reason he can not touch the floor yet but I should think given the other reviews with babies at 6 months walking around the thing , that a 8 month old could do it.The toys are wonderful but I do n't see over 20 activites on the toy . The main enjoyment is the book and piano , some of the other parts are hard for a baby to push -LRB- really more for toddler I guess -RRB- .
 I almost bought this and I 'm glad I did n't . I tried it on my almost-5 month old , who is big for his age . It looks great , but what you ca n't tell from the picture is that the toys and table are a far reach from the seat . My son could n't even get close to reaching the toys and just got frustrated . We ended up with a different entertainer/walker . It 's too bad because I love the idea .
 We bought the Around We Go for our 7 month old thinking it would be fun and a great learning toy . It might be , but we never had the chance to find out . The column for the table comes in two pieces and you have to match the plastic up perfectly for the seat to rotate properly . After many hours of attempting this feat we gave up and called the company for a new part . This came in 2 days , but they forgot to pack the screws for the column and we sent ours back with the defective part so after another phone call and 7 days later , we had the screws to go with the part . Yet again the plastic part did not go together properly and this time the plastic column looked used , with scrapes all over the plastic column . When I made the 3rd attempt to call the company I was told that they could not ship me the part already assembled because it would cost to much . Basically my choices were to take the Around We Go back to the store and see if the store would refund our money or we could ship the Around We Go back to the company then wait 6 weeks for the company refund our money .
 my bright starts tropical fun around we go activity station arrived WITHOUT screws . I am going to buy screws at the hardware store or return it .
 At first my twin daughters enjoyed this enter esp . walking around part . One day I discovered my girls had scraped some paint off the toys with their teeth . I did n't know the toys were even painted until then or I would not have allowed this toy in my home at all ! Thought it was colore dplastic integrated into the toy like many other activity centers . I do n't care if the paint is `` safe '' - who wants their tiny baby to ingest paint and why would a baby toy be painted . BOO hiss to Bright starts for this terrible design , like we parents do n't have enough worries in raising babies in a safe environment .
 it was very easy to put together but my 7 month old isnt very entertained by the table he wants to get out of it after less than 5 monutes and I only had this toy for a week . If you have carpet I wouldnt recommend it its hard for it to rotate . I only give it 2 stars because it was simple to put together but as far as the toys on the table to entertain a child they could of been better .
 i hate this thing the toys are too far away from baby the buttons on the pat mat are way too hard to push it has chipping paint that i found all over my babys mouth she also kept getting her arm stuck between the seat and the table and when she got too big for it and we took the seat off and every time she would try to play with the table it would fall off the only nice thing i can say is she did love to sit in the seat and run around the table this toy stank !!!
 We bought this for my daughter when she was 6 months old because we wanted a second `` exersaucer '' type activity center for her -LRB- one for downstairs and outside on the patio , one for upstairs -RRB- . We thought this would also last longer than her exersaucer once she started crawling and pulling up on things to stand . The walk-around part is GREAT ; the problem is the chinsy toys on the activity station does n't attract or keep her attention . She is entertained by the piano , but a baby can be entertained by ONE ITEM for only so long before getting bored . One toy is a water bag -LRB- filled with foam fish and stars -RRB- with two `` squeek '' toys -LRB- big buttons in the shape of sea shells that are supposed to squeek when pressed -RRB- that I 'm assuming are , first of all , supposed to actually squeek , and second of all , probably supposed to do something with the water bag ? I ca n't say for sure because the two squeek buttons do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING . Then , one of the stations is just a snack tray ! So , if you only have THREE toys to come up with/design , you 'd think Bright Starts could actually come up with something decent , right ? Consequently , my daughter just runs around and around the thing , and we keep her entertained by leashing one of her toys to the chair so she can run around with it in hand and not drop it . Needless to say , she only lasts 5 minutes in this thing at a time before complaining and wanting to come out , where as she will easily last 50 min to 1 HOUR in her exersaucer !!! If you 're trying to decide whether to buy this or an exersaucer , trust me , BUY THE EXERSAUCER or a JUMPAROO !!!
 The toys and the top are great and fun enough for our 5 month old , but the construction of this toy is terrible . The base is hollow , light and thin , constucted of 2 seperate pieces that you use 2 screws to hold together , which makes me think that he will either push himself and the whole thingover , or he will soon be dragging it around the house . So my point for this toy not being worth 10 dollars let alone $ 75 . The selling point of this toy is that your child is supposed to be able to move freely from station to station 360 degrees and play with the multiple toys on top . The problem is where the swivel attatches to the base . Being that the base is made of two pieces of plastic , when your child trys to rotate around the base , he gets hung up on the seams where the 2 pieces of the base are screwed together , leaving him stuck and immobile , making the toy no better than a Bumbo with a tray .
 I have to admit , bought this one purely on looks -LRB- ours has a different fabric pattern/color , but the same faux wood -RRB- . Would not buy again because :1 . Changing table leans to the unsupported side -LRB- even with our 8 lb newborn -RRB- . I assume this will get even worse as the baby gets heavier ; 2 . Sleep platform severely sags in the middle . We can only position baby in certain places , otherwise his head will end up below his feet ; 3 . Canopy constantly pops off . The clips are insufficient , and they need to be snapped in after popping off every time we adjust the canopy ; 4 . Vibration motor rattles against sleep platform . It 's loud - had to stuff towels in there to buffer ; and5 . Music/sounds are too loud . The lowest setting is disruptive when baby is in light sleep.Bottom line - looks good , does n't work so good , overpriced given its shortcomings . Look elsewhere .
 Out of all of our baby gear , this is one huge disappointment ! We bought this primarily because of the very elegant look and that is about all it is good for ! When our baby was a newborn , we used the changing area , but even at 7 lbs she was too heavy for the bassinet . It is way too clunky to use as a travel crib now that she is older and it makes the Graco Pack n Plays look like ingenious inventions . The crib does n't come with a sheet for the mattress pad , so we ordered one . It makes the mattress pad `` SNAP '' up sometimes , even when our baby is IN the playard ! Horrible ! Like every other owner , the hood NEVER stayed in place and the vibration for the bassinet is very noisy . This thing is a disaster and I wish we had never bought it ! I would n't take this playard if they paid me to ! Sadly we bought it at its highest price and I kick myself every day over it . Ugh . Run in the other direction !!
 The sidebar locking mechanism that stabilizes the unit for the Evenflo Babysuite Signature Portable Playard does not work . After numerous attempts -LRB- somewhere around 25 tries -RRB- to get the unit to snap-to , I looked underneath and saw that the cheap plastic locking mechanism was fractured and broken.My child will not be staying in this bassinet as I was unable to get it to set up . It was a big hassle when I set it up for my first child , but I was finally able to get it to work . Several years later in preparation for child number 2 , the unit failed miserably and I gave up on trying to get it to work . Such a frustrating experience when you spend several hundred dollars on a product and it 's poorly designed and dangerous.It 's a shame as the unit looks really nice , it 's just that the key support structure and locking mechanism unit responsible for supporting the baby and the units 4 legs is made of really cheap plastic and thin metal bars that easily fracture and wear . I will not be using any of their products after this experience.A concerned parent .
 this product just did not produce much of a change that I could find so I felt disappointed very much so .
 Is it really too much to ask for the company to include the horizontal slats?I read the reviews , but somehow did n't understand why people were talking about the box spring . The answer is
 Maybe it 's because my crib is older ? Anyway , we bought the crib in 2007 when my first was born . Finally bought the conversion kit in 2010 when we had our second . We did n't want to not have them in case the style was discontinued even though we knew we would n't need to convert for a few years . Tonight , I finally began switching out beds . .2 y/o gets toddler bed , 5 y/o gets crib converted to full sized bed ... and the bolts are an inch too short ! Hopefully , I can get the same diameter bolt in an inch longer at Lowe 's tomorrow . If not , the conversion kit will be useless to me !
 The rails work with my existing bed , the problem is they do n't tell you that you have to have additional cross boards to support the mattress . In addition , once you place the cross boards on the rails , the mattress no longer is held in place , so I had to lower the supports on the rails to keep the mattress from sliding off the bed . Its a poor design . A lot of work had to be done to make these functional rails .
 The rails work great , but they do not come with the rails to hold the mattress up . You need to have the rails to hold the mattress up because this bed does not require of fit a boxspring . My dad had to make these rails to hold the mattress up out of wood . Works great now , but make sure you have these rails handy when converting to the full size bed !
 These rails do not work on the DaVinci crib that I have and I ca n't figure out what to do next .
 This was a baby shower gift , the parents have not had the opportunity to use this item . I would recommend the item once the parents use it .
 Does n't work . Save your money and the paint on your appliances . Do not buy this piece of junk . Very disappointed .
 This mat is n't really big enough for the car seat we have . I 'd rather have one that is wider and has a longer seat . We have a Britax Advocate and part of the seat always seems to be on the car seat rather than the protection mat because of the size .
 I got these to keep the seats in my new -LRB- to me -RRB- car from getting torn up by two car seats . However , I have since removed them . The material is pretty slippery - I felt like I was often putting them back in place , even with them tied down as instructed and the car seats installed on top .
 Need a better way to attach it to the car . I think it is going to break in a few weeks because of the tension . But only time will tell .
 I just want to warn all of you that a car seat should not slip if it is installed properly in the car , no matter what surface it is on . In a crash , this pad will not protect your child from the forces of collision . If you are using it only as a seat protector , great , but if you need it to stabilize the seat , either seek help from an installation expert or get a new seat that fits properly in your car . Safe travels !!!
 Our 6 month old 's hair was getting very tangled in the back . We tried this spray , but the results were the same . Instead , we tried using conditioner after shampooing her hair . That worked much better.Save your $ 23 and use the conditioner that you already have or try a `` baby conditioner '' .
 Well the fact that it is a leash was really not the problem , cause I mean when you buy it , you already know that ! LOLMy daughter would have more tantrums wearing it than not . Every time I would put it on her , she would scream and beg me not to put it on . It was really heartbreaking . On the plus side , this item really taught my daughter to walk next to me and listen to me LOLWe used it a couple of time and put it aside . She really hated it and I felt that it caused more tention than it is worth .
 I tried to get my 3 year old to use this but she kept saying `` I am not a doggy '' . I finally coaxed her to using it with a bag of cookies . While at the mall we received many disgusted looks . One parent called this device `` abusive '' and criticized my parenting . After I thought about it , I realized that many generations have gone by without these leashes and I was indeed being a bad parent . I do not recommend anyone do this to themselves or their child .
 We bought this harness and the Kiddopatamus harness and this one is n't as good . The shoulder straps rub against the kids ' necks . There also is n't any padding so the nylon digs in a bit . We would n't recommend this product .
 Two year old put it I her head to wear like a cowgirl hat and it slipped down to be stuck on her neck - took 55 minutes to cut it off - item ought to be pulled off market . Incident could 've been a lot worse had the toddler not been supervised at the time ...
 This is a TERRIBLE potty for little boys -LRB- I have it in blue -RRB- . The splash guard is a joke , but we have taught our boys to `` point it down '' which they have gotten quite good at . However , even though they are aiming down , somehow the pee never fails to leak out of the potty onto the floor . I think it leaks out underneath the seat and above the top of the little removable pot . I really ca n't figure out how it happens but pee gets EVERWHERE . I 'm tempted to throw this one away .
 I bought the blue one for my boy . The potty hole is so tiny even for a tiny butt and the splash guard is useless . . I tried to put the toilet trainer on our toilet seat . . It did not fit at all .
 To date I have purchased two of these pottys for my son 's training -LRB- the blue ones -RRB- . One for my place , and one for the sitters . It was only discovered shortly after using that there are holes in the bottom of the pan -LRB- where the waste is received -RRB- in each potty ! I thought , well if it was for one , maybe a manufacturing defect , but both . When I contacted the company about it , their suggestion was for me to pack them both up and send them both back in order for them to send me new ones . I asked them what I was to do without pottys and they said it was not their problem . Great customer service skills.Each and every time my son uses the pottys , it leaves a large mess on the floor since urine also escapes up around the upper lip of the potty . Maybe it 's not a problem for girls , but it certainly does not hold up for the boys.Biggest waste of money !!!!!
 I have a cushioned toilet seat for my son at home which I prefer not to take along with me whenever we visit someone 's house . It is too cumbersome and I do n't want to misplace it . So I bought this potty as a spare because it was just $ 9.99 and qualified for free shipping . The seat can be used on top of the regular toilet and it converts to a step stool . However , the opening is small and it is made out of hard plastic . I have not used this once ever since I bought the Fisher Price potty-on-the-go which surpasses my expectation -- design , durability , portability and level of comfort .
 This product also comes in blue which I bought for my son . The pee guard in the front does not even come CLOSE to the proper height for a boy ! He would have peed all over the floor had I let him use it . Also comes apart very easily and does n't fit back together well .
 i was very disappointed with this stroller . it 's huge , the quality is so poor , sewing looks sloppy . Bassinet is not sturdy at all , and it does n't even properly fit into the stroller.i also had an issue with Everbright costumer service . To return the stroller they charge shipping to you and back plus 15 % re-stocking fee . i was aware of that but when the stroller was picked up it was apparently shipped back express . Person at Everbright said that they will charge me more money for the express shipment . i did n't even know that stroller was shipped back express since Everbright arranged for the stroller to be picked up.extremely disappointed . what a rip off . do n't waist your money
 When I saw this stroller online I got so excited . What a stroller for the money . But when I got it I was so upset and disappointed . First of all the quality . The bassnet has one steach in the middle that not me or my baby would be able to lay on it . When I contacted the company they said that I am lying and that it is not the reason for return . I was not even offered exchange . Second of all it is made in China , so u can imagine the quality and it is not mentioned anywhere . Plus if you decide to sent it back besides the pointthat you are paying for shipping both ways they still charging you 39.99 + 15 % restocking fee . Rediculous because at the end you are getting around 100 dollars back and the rest is lost . I would not recomend them and do n't waist your money
 We use the Born Free bottles and love them , but this trainer cup did not work for us . It was too difficult to get anything out of it and the spout tasted rubbery , which my daughter hated . Tried it , and it did n't work . If you are going to try these and use the Born Free bottles , I would recommend just buying the spout and seeing whether it works for you . It fits the bottle and it uses the same venting system . That way , you can see whether it works for you .
 We have several of these cups , and they all tend to leak milk from the base of the nipple . Also , they are not leak-proof from the opening of the nipple -- as our daughter walks through the house she leaves a trail of milk behind her . Overall , I would try another brand if I needed to purchase another cup .
 I used Born Free bottles with my first baby and absolutely loved them ... these trainer cups are the complete opposite ! The blue one -LRB- which came with a set I received with various size bottles -RRB- was okay , but when I ordered two more , the nipple top seems to be much harder and leaks constantly . At first I thought I was putting it together incorrectly , or maybe the top was wet from washing and not sealing properly , but i 've tried everything . These trainer cups are horrible ! I ended up buying trying Tommee Tippee and they are much better .
 My trainer cup came in the Born Free Gift Box that had theBorn Free 9-Ounce Wide Neck BornFree Bottles Twin Pack , Born Free BPA Free Wide Neck Bottles - 5-Ounce Twin Pack , etc. . I love the other bottles but the blue trainer cup did n't work for me.Before I opened the Born Free Trainer cup , I already purchased theGerber Soft Spout Two-Handle Spill-Proof Cup - 2 Pk . I liked the taste of the water and the spout had water coming out at a good rate . My daughter was ok with it too.I then opened the Born Free Trainer cup and my daughter hated it . I tasted the water and it was horrible . There was a strong plastic smell to it.My husband put me through a blind taste test and compared the Gerber vs. Born Free . As soon as I tasted the Born Free I had to spit out the water because it tasted so horribly . I 'm glad I did n't put any juice into the bottle yet otherwise it would have masked the horrible taste.So before you give your baby this trainer bottle , taste test it with water first.I did keep the sippy spout and the handle and placed it on the 9 ounce Born Free bottle . The sippy spout flowed way to slow . It did n't spill , but nothing much came out of it either . At the moment , the only part I 'm using out of the trainer cup is just the handle . My daughter is holding the 9 ounce born free bottle by herself now thanks to that handle.But all things considered the Born Free blue trainer cup was a HUGE disappointment . I threw away all 3 bottles that I owned .
 I bought this for my 10 month old , and its worthless . Not only can she not get anything to drink out of it , I cant get anything to drink out of it . Just like other reviewers , I checked everything on it . It was n't user error , it just next to impossible to get anything to come out of it .
 How is it possible that this sippy cup leaks so badly , while at the same time is too difficult for my 1-YO to suck liquid out of ? I 'm sick of her frustration at not being able to drink her milk out of this thing , and sick of getting sticky drips all over the place ! It 's just as bad with or without the handles under the lid . I even tried making the nipple hole larger , and poking a second hole for air release . No difference . I just threw it into the trash , because that 's what it is .
 We 've been using the Born Free bottles for the past few months and they 've worked our really well - except , as I 'd read in another review elsewhere , I do n't know if I see a point to that vent insert . It 's pretty annoying . I tried simply not using the vent , but then the bottles seemed to leak.SO , because I 've used Born Free for some time now , I thought I 'd give the born free sippy cup trainer a try . And because I 'd read the reviews about leakage , I decided to also buy the Think Baby Sippy Cup Trainer , as well , to compare the two.I used Think Baby first and LOVED it . No leaks at all . AND no annoying vent insert to deal with , either . Then I tried the Born Free trainer after , and it leaked IMMEDIATELY . I double checked to make sure everything was screwed on tightly , tried again , and the thing still leaks.I was going to give this bottle 2 stars , to be nice & because I 've used the bottles for so long , but ... ARGH ! That stupid vent insert.Seeing as these cups are n't exactly cheap , I 'm going to return this one and get a few more of the Think Baby cups .
 This is , in my baby 's opinion , a very nice cup . He can drink from it just fine , and it does n't leak which I like . But I 've tried using other sippy 's -LRB- Nuby and Playtex - both BPA-free , by the way -RRB- and they do n't leak either , so I do n't consider that the greatest selling point ever . What bothers me about this cup is that it has TWO pieces to the valve , not to mention the ring , the spout , the cup , the handle , and the cap . When you do n't have a dishwasher , you do n't want to use this cup AT ALL . It 's a pain in the neck ! I really dont ' think a sippy cup should be more complicated than a bottle to assemble . I bought two of these trainer cups because of all the nice reviews , but I 'm going to return the one we have n't used.Oh , and addressing the `` leaky '' reviews , there are two types of Born Free sippy 's - the Trainer Cup -LRB- says 6 + months on the label -RRB- and another sippy that says 9 + months on the label . The 9 + months one leaks , as it is meant to because it is preparing an older baby to use a `` real '' cup . And , sadly , real cups leak if you tip them over !!
 There are several reviews to the contrary , but I bought two of these cups and they LEAK . Not only do they leak when my son tips the cup upside down , but they also leak from the side when drinking from it normally . They are quite expensive , too . There are plenty of other BPA free products on the market , so I 'd avoid these and try something else .
 This product just offends me . Representing the worst of American enterprise . A company that preys on parents ' fears of possibly dangerous chemicals to sell you the most poorly designed solution for giving ANY CHILD liquids ... And then charges you a premium for the privilege.If any of you have ever gotten up , bleary eyed , at some god awful hour and tried to put the 10000 parts of this horror show cup together , while holding a screaming child , and trying to pour into it ... You know my pain.But that 's not the worst ... This ridiculous contraption is a sieve . It leaks whether it 's `` training '' or `` drinking '' ... Some are worse than others ... And by worse I mean LEAKS LIKE A GARDEN HOSE over leaks like Chinese Water torture.It 's simple really ... Sippy cups were invented to avoid spills ! The technology is not new . The science has been mastered . Why re-invent the wheel and make it square ?!!! So , it 's like this ... After having successfully put this cup together ... Successfully filled it and given it to your thirsty child ... Are you allowed your own cup of coffee and the 3 minutes to enjoy it ? No , sir ... No , ma'am ... You must now chase your kid around with a rag and wipe up spills and hope she does n't get the shaky-shaky urge on your favor wife 's favorite Persian rug.I wish I could sue this company just to embarrass them ! But this is all the time I 'm willing to spend destroying whatever reputation they may have.Stay away ... I 'm getting a blow torch and melting them down with my kid today . The fumes are safe , right ?
 I 'm not big on writing reviews , but I 'm so irritated that I spent $ 12-15 on a child 's cup that makes a mess everywhere . I appreciate that it 's BPA free , though it would be better if it were phthalate free too . My real issue if that it 's ridiculous to charge so much money for such a poorly designed product.My son just used this again -LRB- because all the other cups were dirty -RRB- and there were pools of milk all over his high chair tray within 1-2 minutes . This happens every time and so I rarely use the cup , but I 've decided to throw it away now -- which does n't seem all that environmentally friendly -- but frankly I do n't have a lot of extra time for the extra mess this cup makes.I hope this review stops someone else from making the mistake of buying this cup -- and maybe the company will improve their product .
 I should 've just returned this , but I tossed the packaging . I have the Born Free bottles and love them so was expecting the same quality . However this one leaks between the rubber mouth piece and hard plastic cap . Unfortunately there is no way to tighten it to stop the leaking . So it has turned into a teething device .
 Aside from having too many parts to wash , the spout is hard for my baby to suck . He hates it . But when I gave him the thinkababy sippy , he drank all his milk .
 I like these cups but was very disappointed that I could not specify which color I wanted . My little boy now drinks out of a pink cup : - -LRB-
 I ordered the cup , got a pink one instead of blue . Needless to say , I have a boy . To top it off the nipple is so hard ! Nothing like the original one I received with my bottles . DO NOT ORDER !
 It was a waste of money and my baby ca n't suck anything out of the spout we were excited about it but are now made because it was a waste of money
 This product is too complex and has too many pieces . It also smells bad and the plastic nipple has a strange smell/taste . My baby just rejects this trainer cup while using other easily . It does n't flow consistently and requires alot of work to use . The handle is n't fix -- it rotates all over the place making it tough for the baby to use .
 The reviewers that say these cups do n't leak must have left their review within a few days of recieving the cups . At first they are fine , but after a few weeks they will leak and leak a lot . I would have given this review 3 stars because they are nice cups , but after talking with someone in customer service they are lucky to get 2 stars . The woman from CS said they are suppose to leak and they make no statement about them being leak proof . Only that they are leak reistant , and that is when you put the cap on . I hate misleading advertisements .
 I bought these cups awhile ago and am trying to get my boys off their bottles . Today , they actually drank from them and thought , oh great , then the leakage started . I have no idea how they leak through the cap and cup , not from the `` nipple '' . They have never been on the dishwasher , so the fit should be perfect . I had 2 trails of milk to the kitchen , 1 soaked shirt and a puddle on the rug . Not pleased !! It had such potential !!
 I purchased two of these cup at a store for my Twin boys . At first They could not drink out of them . It was to hard . They were about 9 months old . Once they turned a year old they could drink out of it just fine . About Two months of being able to use them they began to leak a lot . If it ever gets put down on its side it leaves a big puddle . We spent a lot of money on these cups ... I purchasedNUK Gerber Graduates Learning System Animal 2 Pack Spout Learning Cup , Blue/Orange , 10-Ouncelower prices and no leaks . They Born Free cups are going to be thrown out .
 While I love the fact that these come in cute colors , my baby just used these as chew toys or to bang things with . He was able to use other sippy cups , though he preferred regular cups - so it may be him , but I had better luck with others . I 'll try these with our next but I do n't have lots of hope .
 First I tried the Born Free toddler cup , which was a leak disaster . But I held out hope wanting a BPA free sippy cup that did n't leak . I shelled out $ 50 for a set of these trainers and after a few chews on the spouts and a fews times through the dishwasher - they leak . My kids fall asleep with bottles , they go in my purse , and various other precarious situations . Disaster at each turn . Save your money and get the colored Advent sippies or the Playtex BPA free ones . They defintely do n't leak for at least the first 6-9 months and you can get them at the grocery store .
 I have used Born Free bottles for my son since he was born and loved them . I do n't love this product . It has been very difficult for my son to get much liquid out of it . I find the nipple to be pretty wide . Plus , our pediatrician has noted that this kind of nipple is not really that great , it makes a baby have to transition AGAIN to a cup that does n't require sucking . I am definitely purchasing something else .
 I bought this for my 6 month old daughter who is already successfully using the Thinkbaby sippy . Upon opening the package I was mortified to count 7 parts . Yes , I kid you not , this sippy has 7 pieces ! I put it back in the box and will be returning it next week . It is not practical to have a sippy with even more parts than the most complicated bottle . This is not a sippy for mother 's who are short on time .
 You have to bite the tip to get the water out . For a baby who just graduates from bottles , they suck the tip the same way as they suck the nipples - They wo n't bite it . So it is impossible for a baby to get water from it . My daughter is 18 months when I got this for her , and she never get any water out of it . It is a major design flaw .
 I was very disappointed to spend so much money for this cup and then have it leak all over . The spout has a hole in it -LRB- not a slit as other soft spouts -RRB- and as soon as it is tipped to the side it steadily drips out . And babies like to shake things -- this makes a big mess ! I would not recommend .
 Having come from the Avent system on kid # 1 , we rolled on over to Born Free this time around . While the bottles themselves were fine , these sippy cups are terrible . First , the handles are very hard to grasp . They 're too small and in a weird shape . Second , its impossible to drink out of . Me , the wife , the baby , the 2 year old ... we all failed to get more than the smallest drop out of it . Not to mention , after several months , you do get tired of all the parts just for a sippy cup . We switched the baby to a Playtex one , and he grabbed on right away , and took a good sip out . As an aside , we switched bottles to simplify now that he 's past the colic stage and he drinks 3x faster with no throwing up .
 Yes , I bought the training cups and not the drinking cups . I have correctly fitted all parts together and these cups still leak ! I must be looking for an elusive cup that does n't seem to exist . A sippy cup that wo n't leak milk onto my carpet . If your child drops his/her sippy cup the contents will dripple onto your floor -- if you 're okay with this then by all means buy these . I hated them . I can not chase my daughter around with a carpet cleaner everytime she drinks from her cup . Yes , I have also just made her sit at her high chair and drink it but at the end of the meal there was more milk on the floor and high chair than in her mouth . Waste of money !
 In a hunt to replace our years-old Gerber cups -LRB- with the valve that pops out at the slightest bump -RRB- , we thought we 'd give this one a try . Do n't make the same mistake we did . One piece of advice is to try this cup first before giving it to your child -LRB- my older kids think it 's hysterical to see mom & dad drinking out of a sippy cup ! -RRB- . I almost gave myself a hernia trying to get water out of this thing . And then , to add insult to injury , when I put it down , it leaks out of the bottom of the cap area . This would seem to indicate a backwards seal is forming.If I was n't busy shopping for a new cup while entertaining my little ones , I 'd consider creating a video review to show just how ridiculous this thing is.Based on the positive reviews I see here , I can only conclude that either the company 's quality control is non-existent or ... all the positive reviews have been left by company employees !
 This spout was extremely hard for me to sip any liquid out of so I did n't even try it with my 6 month old baby . Only way to get anything out of it is to squeeze spout very hard & suck at the same time . Returning .
 `` Colors may vary
 This cup most certainly does leak , and not from the spout but all around the edges of the cap . And it 's not cheap !
 I bought this item because of some good reviews , but was very disappointed with the product.I tried drinking from it myself just to test it out first and water can barely come out . I sucked so hard that my jaw and ears got sore.I wonder how can little babies drink from it without having their muscles getting sore themselves . I want my baby stay hydrated without trying sooooo hard to get only few drops of water from this sippy cut . If you want your baby enjoy drinking plenty of water freely and happily , please do them a favor . Do n't buy this .
 This cup was great in the beginning for training . But now after many months of use and dishwasher wear , all of my Born-Free cups are leaking from the bottom . I ca n't seem to find the hole but milk/water spills all over the table and everywhere . I am over it and spending $ $ $ on these cups . My cheap Nuby 's are holding up better than the Born-free . I am disappointed as I really liked them in the beginning .
 I had really high hopes for this cup , my son -LRB- 19 months -RRB- has been using the gerber training cup and this IS an excellent cup , absolutely NO leaks , but it 's not BPA free so I decided to try out the Born Free because the spout is very similar to the ones my son has been using . I was so disappointed . I got home after spending several hours on the road and my son was very thirsty so there was my big chance to try it , so I put water in it and decided to try it myself before giving it to him and at first it was kind of hard to drink from but with a little squeeze the fluid does come out , I gave it to my son and he had to suck really hard to get the water out of it so I figured he 'll get used to it , I turned around and left him on the high chair and after I looked back 2 minutes later the whole tray was in a big puddle of water . The spout just leaks little drops one by one and does n't stop . I am so sad because I thought this was going to be an excellent choice over the Thinkbaby cup , I 'm just gon na have to try the other one . Maybe it 's just my cup but I 'm not going to spend another $ 11 on trying another one .
 I just recieved my package and nowhere in the `` colors may vary '' was pink listed . But it showed up pink . Im sure my 15 month old son will appreciate this .
 This is BPA-free , which is great . But it is worthless as a sippy cup because the liquid pours out of it goes the slightest bit sideways . You ca n't give the cup to a baby , because they will tip it over and dump the contents in about a minute . It 's just poorly designed . My 3-year-old could use it , because she understands to keep it upright .
 I bought these for my daughter due to the claims of low negative pressure , BPA and phalate free , etc. . I 've gone through the assembly multiple times , made sure the `` slit '' on the vent is open , made sure the Y-shaped nipple hole can open and yet , my 7 month old could barely get anything out of this sippy cup . I had to pull hard to get it out of her mouth , which told me that there was a ton of negative pressure built up . I then rinsed it out and tried it myself . It 's incredibly hard to suck liquids out of the nipple on this bottle ! I had a hard time doing it , I ca n't imagine how my baby is going to do it . I again made sure the slit in the vent was able to open , again with the Y-valve . Same thing . I was able to get a reliable stream of water only when I loosened the cap enough so that water could drip through the Y-valve opening . At that point , the bottle leaks all over the place anyway . I 'm pretty disappointed since I bought two of these , already eagerly unpacked and sterilized them both and they 're quite expensive as far as sippy cups go . We will have to try other sippy cups as these just do not work for us .
 If you are using this as a trainer cup , to move your child to the sippy , do not buy . The spout is too small . I like the THINK BABY bottle much more . I wish they would have made the spout larger .
 Born Free Stage 1 Nipples - Twin PackWe had a baby in 12/07 and bought all new Dr. Brown bottles for him . Then we heard about BPA and switched to Born Free to get BPA free bottles . However , the Born Free nipples collapse with vigorous sucking and frustrate the baby . We found this with the 12 nipples we bought so it could n't have been just one bad batch . My husband bought new Dr. Brown nipples and tried them on the Born Free bottles . They fit ! He saved the day ! We tossed the Born free nipples and now use our Born Free bottles with Dr. Brown nipples of the corresponding size . Works great .
 These silicone nipples are very bad ! do not purchase born free bottles ! the bottles and their system are good but the problem is these nipples they are too long so that makes it difficult for the baby to suck .
 these nipples easily invert while feeding which was annoying . switched to avent nipples which are harder and can not be inverted .
 My son could drink out of it fine , but it wo n't seem to clean properly after using pediasure strawberry flavor . It just sucks up the smell and who knows what else I bought the glass bottle yesterday , put the pediasure in it an hour ago , he drank it , I washed it , boiled it washed it again , and I simply can not get the aroma out of this very very soft nipple .
 Bottles do n't wear out but nipples do . They are also more prone to getting lost and going down the disposal.The cornerstone of Born Free 's marketing campaign is that they are BPA free . What many people overlook in their rush to buy BPA free bottles is that Born Free is hardly the only option -LRB- although they are probably the most visible -RRB- . Note that BPA is only an issue with polycarbonate bottles , not with the nipples.They are almost certainly the most expensive . This is particularly true if you price out the nipples , which are the only ones that fit their bottles . For example , these cost THREE times as much as the Dr Browns replacement nipples.We have a bunch of the Born Free bottles and sippy cups . Let 's just say we 're very unhappy because you do n't just spend a lot on the original purchase , you spend a huge amount on replacement nipples . These are nice nipples but they also seem to wear out much faster than other brands we used before . At this price , it definitely pays to do your research .
 Compared to Dr.Brown bottle , born free bottle is more expensive . My daughter turns to three months , I need to change the nipple levels . born free nipples cost too much , and it 's not good because it makes more air than Dr. Brown . Do n't buy born free .
 Buyer beware ! This hamper is not worth the money ! I purchased this item to match my baby 's nursery and it was the worst mistake I ever made ! The hamper came unassembled , so I had to put it together . It took me forever to assemble it because all the pieces would n't fit together . You have to put rods into pre-drilled holes . However , the holes were too small and it was tremendously difficult to push those rods into them . I tried to hammer them in , but it still would n't go in . Plus , I ended up with hammer marks on the legs of the hamper . What came out was a wobbly hamper with marks all over it.The cloth part of the hamper is also attached to the bottom and top rods . I was hoping to be able to take it out and wash it occasionally , but because I had to jam the rods in the holes , they wo n't come off now , making it impossible for me to wash the cloth basket.Don ' t make the mistake I made ! Purchase another one for your baby 's room !!
 I bought this hamper without seeing the other review . My husband put it together and it is very cheaply made . When he drilled the screws into the rods , they split open . The material is very flimsy and the flap which is supposed to be firm all the way across , was broken . I would not buy another one of these .
 This thing was difficult to put together and the wood split . It does n't hold , it is really flimsy and falling apart . You can not take the fabric off to wash it unless to unscrew everything and take it completely apart . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I finally received the Alma 's Design quilt I ordered on April 21st . In the letter to cozybaby.com that I wrote on May 5th , they said to allow 2 to 3 weeks for ` processing ' . I never did get a notification it was shipped . It would be nice if they would say on the web page that it takes 2 to 3 weeks for processing . It 's a good thing they do n't sell baby clothes because the baby would out grow them before they arrived . The colors on the quilt are not the same as was shown on the web page . It says on the web page that it is 100 % cotton , but on the tag on the quilt , it says it is made from resin treated polyester . I wanted this quilt to be a special present for our first great grandchild . I am almost embarrassed to give it to him . Especially when the tag says it was made in the Philippines . I bought a king-sized quilt from Wal-Mart that is much nicer and only cost $ 25 . I will not be recommending Alma 's Design quilts to family and friends . In fact , I will warn them away . It has not been good doing business with them .
 I purchased it thinking this would make my life easier . NOT ! Well , first of all it was difficult to fold and unfold . I thought all we needed was practice . This is not the case with this stroller . No matter how many times we did it we struggled . Then the carrying case was useless as well . Very difficult to put it in . We had to wrestle with it to get it in . It ended up just being parked in our garaged . We bought an umbrella stroller and that was so much better . Save your $ $ $ $ . Would 've returned it but could n't find the receipt . I did n't buy it from Amazon . Oh well you live and learn .
 I purchased this stroller -LRB- not from Amazon , but from a discount club for $ 79.99 -RRB- . I wanted it so that my in-laws could use it with my small 4yo for a trip to Disney , as well as to use for our toddler . Both are substantially under the stated 40-pound weight limit for the stroller . After using it for less than two months on occasional trips to the mall , etc. , a large rip , the size of my hand appeared where the clip is to recline the seat . The company was very good to work with , offered to replace the stroller -LRB- which I did not want -RRB- , then the discount club allowed me to return it to the company for a refund . All in all , I was terribly unhappy with this stroller . It is NOT easy to fold , contrary to its name . You must use two hands , and it takes two steps , plus latching it to fold it completely . My husband never mastered that . One of the wheels wobbled slightly from the time I took it out of the box . Those things , coupled with the rip in the fabric did not inspire me to replace it with the same stroller . I liked how small it folded and how light it was , it was cute , but not a good quality stroller , in my opinion . I 'm on the hunt for something else that will work for my daughter 's trip .
 Well after much thought into the purchase of a new stroller I settled on this . My last travel system Peg Perego was a huge mistake and really awful I could not wait to get rid of it . So I feel that this time I did quite a bit of research . We had a Maclaren which my husband did not like . So we were a little limited in brand.Good PointsLovely design and I love the color , steers really well , does not seem to tip over , love the rain cover it fits really well , very compact fold.Bad PointsCheap , Cheap , Cheap everything looks so flimsy the travel bag ripped before we even put the stroller in it . To be honest if we had not already thrown the box away we would of returned it.We purchased a wonderful Eddie Bauer stroller for my eldest daughter 4 years ago and we will upgrade that to our every day stroller . This one will be great for an upcoming holiday but that 's about it . Feel a little fed up as I really did research this . It will be fine for a keep in the car stroller however if you want value for money this is not the one for you .
 I liked the shape , size and colors when I ordered the item . It was n't available immediately , so after a few weeks of waiting the box finally arrived . The tub has 4 separate inflatable compartments . 2 of these were leaking air . This was obvious immediately after I inflated them . I also confirmed the exact locations by submerging the tub under water . The holes where close to the seams . These were not lacerations , but rather results of bad manufacturing process . As much as I hate solid plastic tub because of fear that it will scratch the tub surface , I think I have no choice .
 We purchased this tub for travel . Being military we often have extended vacations at relatives homes . Something was needed for my Mother-in-laws house who only has walk in showers . When we got this blowing it up was a huge hassle , it was as if you could never get quite enough air in it.This says an infant to toddler tub , my son was a little over six months when I put him in it . The fit was so tight that his back was at one end of the tub , and his feet where pushing on the other end . The padding at the bottem of the tub is n't enough , I could easily see a child bumping his head on the bottom of the shower threw the the tub . I have decided next time to just by a plastic container , and place the sling inside of it . Not only was it to small , but once my son realized he could pull on the sides to let the water out , thats all he would do . I could n't even get threw a bath time . The one good this about this tub is the sling . It folds completely flat . The sling almost made it worth it . My suggestion go to walmart and buy a sling and where ever you are I 'm sure you can find something that works better than this tub .
 This monitor is the worst thing ever ! I would give it zero stars if that were possible ! Mine says that it is on , but I can hear nothing-all the while my little girl is upstairs above me screaming and scared ! Do not buy this if you care about your kids at all !!!!
 I 've experienced all the complaints of the other 1-star comments :1 -RRB- The monitor displays a very bright blue light when it emits sound , turning our bedroom into a dance floor .2 -RRB- The lowest volume setting is too low and the next level up is way too loud to sleep through .3 -RRB- The microphone needs to be placed within 4 feet from our baby 's crib or otherwise we ca n't hear her , even at the monitor 's loudest setting .4 -RRB- BUT WORST OF ALL
 We bought this monitor because we liked that it had two receivers with charging bases , one for each story of our house . We had been using it only 3 weeks when it broke . One night we woke up to check on the baby and the signal had cutout completely between the receiver and the monitor . We had no idea how long it had not been working , and ran downstairs to find our baby crying . To get the signal back , we flipped the switch off and then on again . This has happened two more times since then , and each time the signal is completely gone and does not come back unless we turn it off and on . Obviously this is a huge flaw because we rely on the monitor to tell us when the baby is making noise , and if it can not do that single function , it is useless.In addition to the faulty signal transmission , we have found additional characteristics that we dislike . The lights on the receivers are so bright that they light up our bedroom at the slightest noise . I understand that it is helpful to have a visual indicator for sound , but these lights are too bright . I also agree with another reviewer who mentioned that the volume buttons are located at an inconvenient place on the receivers
 This is the most obnoxious monitor . RIght away it
 Somehow , we found mostly good reviews for this monitor and purchased based on that . The battery life is poor on the handhelds , the noises it makes sound like an alien attack , and we 're even in a rural area where the houses are n't on top of each other ! Who does n't have a cordless phone and wireless router operating on 2.4 ghz these days ? Product claims to select a secure and interference free channel , but ours sure did n't . Because of this product , I do n't have the faith to try a different Summer Infant monitor , even though I see them being reviewed much more positively .
 beeping , buzzing , popping , losing signal , interference , you name the problem , we 've had it . I would never recommend this monitor to anyone . The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of one is because at least it looks nice and it did work okay for the first several months . Now it is worthless .
 Noise noise noise and then sometimes disconnections , loud beeps , you think you are still connected -LRB- since you do n't have the specific sound/signal meaning you are not connected -RRB- but you are not.Finally we realised that baby was cyring , but not over the monitor ... Really disapointed , you ca n't have a peaceful evening even if your child sleep well!Even worse , the receiver is really hot , I noticed one of the 2 batteries made the receiver to melt down inside ... . not very secure I think.Please avoid ...
 I purchased these units believing they would allow the monitoring of a very ill family member during the night . The constant popping and buzzing has rendered them close to useless as that alone keep everyone awake . The flashing constantly of the bright led 's makes your room feel like a dance hall with flashing strobes
 I purchased this product because I can not use anything in the 900MHz range where I live in Germany -LRB- we are military stationed in Germany -RRB- . I needed something wireless and not 900MHz . I found this and purchased it . It has been the worst baby monitor that I have ever used BY FAR . I live in a relatively small townhouse , and I can not get a signal to my baby 's room directly underneath of his room . Also , often times the monitor in my room , which is about 18 feet across the hall from his room , will beep because it 's lost the signal . There is NO signal that the receivers can pick up when it 's rainy outside . Often times I get waken up in the middle of the night to the monitor beeping because it has lost teh signal , and other times I wake up to muffled sounds of my baby crying because the monitor just completely decided to quit working . I have figured out how to `` troubleshoot '' it if you will to make it re-acquire the signal , but it 's like the receivers just freeze and lose all sound , if they are not beeping because they 've lost the signal . If I had known that they were going to be this worthless , I would NOT have wasted the $ 65 that I spent . I had the Fisher Price lights and sounds monitors for 4 years and they were still working very well and were crystal clear and no problems . I just could not use them due to the laws preventing me from using anything that is 900MHz . Do not waste your money on this monitor ... it will give you nothing but heartache and trouble . I really wish I had done some research and read the reviews on this product before I bought it ...
 When I was looking for a monitor , this one looked and sounded good from reviews . But after receiving it , hooking it up and testing it , it went back in the box and back to Amazon.The only pros this monitor has is that it has rechargeable batteries in transmitter and a nice charging cradle.Now in saying that the con definite out weight the pros . The range on these are horrible . If you can not hear the sound/voice comming out of the receiver there is no use having a monitor . The sound is clear if the transmitter is no more than 2 feet away for the person/baby and the receiver is no more than 20 feet away . If the transmitter is more than 2 feet away from the person/baby the sound output is gurgled/muffled . I repurchased another brand -LRB- Fisher Price -RRB- and will see how it goes but would not recommend this baby monitor to anyone .
 We purchased this monitor thinking the digital technology would be an improvement over our old analog monitor . WRONG ! We set the system up and tested it . We could hear sounds from the baby 's room , but the quality was horrible . Then during the night , the receiver went crazy . Lights flashed and loud pops and cracks woke us up . We checked on the baby , and she was peacefully sound asleep . From then on , we were unable to get sound from either receiver . I called the manufacturer , and they sent a replacement system to us . We set that one up , and the sound quality was simply terrible . The lights went crazy again in the middle of the night , with loud crackling . Baby was , once again , sleeping peacefully . Old analog monitor came back out , and this one goes back to the store !!!
 I bought this product because I thought my other monitor did n't work very well . My old monitor was not digital , so I thought this would be a good upgrade . When this product was working as it should , i.e. not making this horrible beeping noise , it did work ok . However , the lowest volume setting you ca n't hear anything , then the second lowest volume you can hear the baby breathe and if the baby makes any kind of other noise , its so loud it would wake the dead . I 'm not sure if it was our house , or if it was the monitor , but we could only get one of the receivers to work without beeping all the time . This beeping I 'm referring to is the indicator that it is not getting signal , and we would hear this beeping at least 30 times during the night . Our bedroom is only approx 30 feet from our sons room , so range should not have been an issue . All I have to say is , be prepared to return this item if you do decide to try it out . Needless to say , I went back to my old monitor .
 This thing is a piece of CRAP . We got this to replace our angelcare monitor because one of the parent units stopped working , and our pediatrician said since our son is very healthy , etc , she does n't think we need the breathing monitor . So we thought we 'd get something cheaper . Cheap is right ! I should 've paid attention to the reviews , but I let my husband pick this one because he liked the way it looks . That 's the only good thing about it ! The fact they are rechargeable is nice but they do n't hold a charge for long either.Yes the blue light is annoying , and sort of like a strobe while you 're trying to sleep , but I could 've gotten over that . The worst part is the CONSTANT static ! The sound quality is horrendous and I agree with the other reviews that say the lowest sound setting is too low & the next one up is too loud . One of our parent units also drops in & out every second or so ... and as I was typing this , it just completely stopped working at all , there 's now no sound coming from the parent unit ! We 've had it for two days ! There should be no problems but this is a piece of junk . I want my angelcare monitor back !
 I bought this monitor as a back up after my second child was born . I wanted something different than what I already use for my older child , so I could tell the 2 apart . However , as soon as I plugged this monitor it , I could tell it was going to be horrible . It beeps ALL the time and does n't alert me when the signal is completely lost . I can barely hear my baby crying/grunting when the base sits no further than a foot from her . I do n't mind a little static/white noise , but this monitor does n't even allow me to hear my child well . The constant beeping almost put me over the edge , and nothing I did would make it go away . DO NOT BUY THIS MONITOR !!!
 Terrible . Do not buy this . I repeat do not buy this monitor . Its constant beeping for no reason make the monitor barely usable . The blinking light display prevent me from falling asleep I have began covering it with a thick sock to block out the blinding light - That is when it 's not beeping constantly and usable . Battery life is short as well . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 We 've lived without a baby monitor for a couple of years , but once we moved and our bedroom was no longer right next to the baby 's , we felt it was a good idea to get a monitor . My only stipulation was that it had to be a digital monitor to protect our privacy.The way-too-bright blue LED lights and lack of audio squelching -LRB- to suppress small movements from being amplified -RRB- is something we can deal with . Our problem is the range . It 's not even 80ft between rooms , on the same floor , and even with doors open and near line-of-sight , there are frequent dropouts in reception . Because of the digital transmission , there 's no static , but the constant hiss of amplified background noise abruptly stops with a hiccup , and then a second later , it comes back . It 's not enough to wake you up , but it is enough to annoy you if you 're falling asleep - especially since it happens over , and over , and over ... Maybe the reception problems are from the wifi network we have setup here , which also operates at 2.4 GHz . But at this point , where can you go where there are n't wifi access points , cordless phones , etc. setup ? I do n't understand why it 's so complicated to build an excellent , digital baby monitor . It 's no different than a one-way cordless phone , and my cordless phones have been rock-solid for 8 + years now.Graco has a competing product I might try , but reviews on that unit seem mixed , and many are equally unenthusiastic .
 A digital baby monitor seemed like a good idea at the time , but I am ready to go back to my old analog monitor ! This monitor makes a loud beeping noise every time we use the microwave , tv remote control , or anything cordless in the house . I 'm sending it back this week !
 Yep , it 's advertised to have a range of 600 feet . Our youngest child 's room and our bedroom are on opposite sides of the house , he 's upstairs and we 're downstairs , so _ maybe _ we 're 70 feet apart , at most . This thing was ENTIRELY useless at that range . To get a good clear signal , the receiver has to be about 20 feet from the transmitter , which is utterly worthless.We had our trusty Sony NTM-900 which worked great , but it was years old and finally died . Sony stopped making it , though one can still find it around here and there , I can not find anywhere -LRB- including eBay -RRB- which has a two-receiver unit . This was rated in third by CR -LRB- tied with the Graco -RRB- , and I have no idea how CR gave this such a high rating -- it 's COMPLETELY useless . The other review her was much too kind .
 The blue light is WAY too bright and ours flashes for unknown reasons . We have terrible static problems . There seems to be a constant hissing noise as well . I bought without any research . BIG MISTAKE . Had I read everyone 's reviews I would have skipped it . We bought this for my 2 year old 's room to replace the AngelCare Monitor that is soon to be moved into our new baby 's room . -LRB- Love that AngelCare , BTW -RRB- Looks like we will have to keep looking .
 This monitor sucks . The quietest setting is inaudible and the next one up is too loud to sleep through . I do n't know why so many people buy this thing . Our bedroom is n't 25 feet away from my son 's and the sound quality is so shoddy is ridiculous . The only positive thing about this monitor is that it looks cool and comes in different colors . I bought this at Marshalls for $ 20 thinking I was getting a steal . What I got was a piece of $ 20 crap .
 This product had a range of about 10 feet before starting to get interference and terrible buzzing , making it impossible to hear the baby over the noise . I returned it after 2 days !
 My husband often dreams of how he will dispose of this monitor . One of his biggest complaints with this monitor is that the lowest volume setting is very quiet and the next volume level up is very loud . From there , it just gets even louder . Most every sound is distorted and a bit frightening . Our first one broke and we had to have it replaced ... he thinks we should have just bought a different model a long time ago . That said , this monitor has really helped to teach him patience , so it ca n't be all that bad ! ; - -RRB-
 THE WORST , AFTER DAY ONE WE WERE'NT ABLE TO WEAR THE RECEIVER ON OUR BODY , IT 'S GOT TO STAY IN THE RECHARGE CRADLE & BE AS STILL AS STILL IS . RANGE IS TERRIBLE , MORE THAN ONE ROOM IS TO FAR AWAY . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT - I MADE A MISTAKE & TRUSTED THE FACT THAT I 'D HAVE NO PROBLEMS , DESTROYED THE BOX & PAPERWORK IT CAME WITH , THAT 'S WHY I DID ` NT SEND IT BACK . NEVER AGAIN .
 I registered for this for my baby shower and although it 's really cute and helpful as a new mom , it stopped working after I owned it for 2 months . I was n't even using it every day because my son got only sponge baths at the beginning and then after that I only bathed him about three times a week . Ever since it broke , I have just been using my wrist as a tester .
 This item worked well while it lasted , which was not very long at all . Very poor quality , would not recommend .
 We bought this for our second son . It lasted about 1 week before the display froze . Summer was good and mailed us a replacement . The replacement lasted about 3 weeks ... Now it no longer works . I would recommend something that would last longer .
 I bought this when I was pregnant with my son and was so excited to try it out . I loved it for the first 2 months then it stopped working . I returned it and got another one ... it 's been a little over a month and it is having problems too ! Both times the digital part has stopped working because of condensation under the plastic where the temperature is read .
 this lasted us about 2-3 months of use beforethe batteries died . can not believe you ca n'tchange them . terrible design and wasteful .
 Works great but am dissapointed that the batteries are irreplaceable . It was nice as a gift but would never buy it for myself knowing this . I 'll stick with the rubber duck that changes colors from temperature and does n't need batteries .
 I bought this device and wanted it to be in degrees celsius . The device can be easily switched . Unfortunately , it broke down after 2 months . Only when I bought a different temperature tester , did I find out that this device showed me the right temperature , but in reality it has made my baby 's bath much too warm from birth until 2 months . He is now 7 months and has dry patches on his legs and arms and I can not help but wonder if this has anything to do with his water being too warm when he was born . Dangerous !!!!!!
 We began using this daily when our son was able to take tub baths . It 's accuracy is very limited -- only measuring in 2 degree increments and also it never goes over 99 degrees regardless of the actual temp . After about 6 weeks of use -LRB- for about 10-15 minutes a day -RRB- the thermometer went dead.Update
 This worked great for the first few weeks we had it . My daughter loved to play with it and it read the water temp pretty quickly . Then the clear glass/plastic window that showed the temp got water inside so when it was warm , condensation built up inside it making it impossible to read the temperature . I had to let it air dry at least a day to be able to read it again - but it would fog up all over again anyway . But at least the green/red light worked.Then a few days later , the battery would go on and off - probably because water got inside . Sometimes it would n't turn on at all , sometimes it would turn on -LRB- if I banged it on the counter a few times -RRB- but then turn off shortly after.This was useful , when it worked for a few weeks . But it 's better as a bath toy -LRB- an expensive one at that -RRB- .
 I bought two of these things before I realized how much it truly stunk . Both were purchased at Babies R Us . The first one lasted about three months . It worked great -- until it simply quit one day . I did n't even think about the batteries at that time . I assumed I had a faulty turtle , so I bought another one . That one only lasted 2 weeks before it quit . When I bought the second one , my `` baby '' had become a toddler and , like toddlers tend to do , used him as a bath toy . Not ONLY did his batteries die , causing him to shut down , but the normal wear-and-tear of bathtime play caused him to get a bunch of water under his display . What kind of bath thermometer ca n't withstand water ? The bottom line is , this thing is a waste of money . Furthermore , if you buy it at a big box store like I did , then you do n't know how many people have pushed his button to `` test '' him , meaning you do n't know how much time you have until he goes ka-put . I 've been using the Aquatopia turtle for a couple weeks now and love it . That turtle is worth the extra money .
 This is a great idea . I love the blinking light - it 's so easy to see . It 's small so it 's not cumbersome in the infant baths . It also has auto shut-off which is ideal . The problem is that it 's not waterproof and it broke within a week of use . Obviously this is a design flaw as many other reviewers have had the same issue . I actually came on here to order another one , figuring that mine was just faulty . Such a shame because I loved it .
 The thermometer works great but the battery life on this is very short and of course it 's a non-replacable battery . The batteries last for about a month and a half before they start not displaying the correct temperature and dying . Seems like alot of money to spend on a thermometer with such a short life .
 Was great until it got water logged & the battery died and the battery could n't be replaced . Why make a bath toy/tool not waterproof ? And why sell a `` SAFETY '' product you ca n't replace the battery on -LRB- yes it would make the company more money , but would buy this again after finding that out ? -RRB- What a waste !
 I bought this before my boy was born . We used it for three months daily . It developed condensation inside it and quit working . I really liked it until that happened .
 I bought this item as a gift and when it arrived the battery was dead . Apparently the customer service at the company was unwilling to work with the friend I purchased this for , so now she has a $ 10 bath toy . Who makes a baby product with irreplaceable batteries ?? I gave it one star because I had to in order to post the review , not because the product earned it .
 This adorable little turtle -LRB- so cute my kids fought over it -RRB- does not keep an accurate temperature . In a tub full of ~ 100 degree water , he consistently read 72-74 degrees . Tried resetting , no luck . If I did n't already have a pretty good idea about the water temp , I could have really scalded my kids . Cute , but unsafe , unsafe , unsafe . Returning it immediately .
 Worked for a couple of weeks then , as per numerous other reviews , the battery ran out . Unless you read the small print on the package , you would not know it is `` non user servicable '' . It 's a disgrace that a company can make such a product . Do n't buy .
 The battery died , and it appears you ca n't change it . Also , it looks like water leaked into the part where it displays the temperature . It was cute and fun for the baby while it lasted , but now we need to find something else that works .
 I purchased this when my daughter was born and it worked perfectly for about 6 months . It was accurate and dependable . The battery died and they are not replaceable ! I ordered another one on Amazon and could n't wait to get it . I received it and the new one did n't even come on , battery was dead . I returned it and exchanged it for another one figuring must be some fluke . The next one I received was dead too ! I sent it back for a refund and bought a new tub with temperature strip right in it . Perfect ! Great little item if it worked but not worth the trouble and you do n't know how long it is going to last you ?
 It seemed like such a great concept - and then after the 3rd use it got water in the digital read out and no longer worked!Since it is supposed to be waterproof we are not happy .
 Mine did n't work from day 1 ! But we kept it anyway , my son still likes to play with it . it makes a cute bath toy , but nothing else .
 Received this as a gift . It did not work . After reading other reviews I decided to get a refund rather than exchange it - by the sounds of it very few of these do n't break after a few uses .
 We got this as a gift . Our baby started having a weekly bath from late Aug & then twice weekly bathes late Sept & in the later part of Oct we started daily bathes as part of our baby 's nightly routine . It is now one week into Nov & the battery has died . This is totally unacceptable & even more so given that you ca n't replace the battery ! Not sure what we will do but definitely wo n't be buying another one . I certainly would not recommend this . We have all been ripped off .
 It is a nice thermometer and worked fine , but given the battery is not replaceable , it 's not worth to buy it.Ours lasted about 8 weeks . Additionally , the glass window started to steam up after 6 weeks . -LRB- may be that was the root cause , but anyways , a bath thermometer should be sealed properly . -RRB-
 We used this almost daily for over 2 years . It is easy to read and use and my son has loved it as a bath toy also . It is durable and well constructed , but the batteries can not be replaced . The first sign if the batteries going dead is the green light will cease to function . -LRB- It actually still works , but is so dim as to be useless . -RRB- , then the yellow , then the red , then about two weeks later it is completely dead . We are having a hard time without it , as the other backup thermometer we have is a chemical strip and very hard to read . I would recommend buying this from a brick and mortar storefront , just because if it has been sitting around for a while and the batteries are dying/dead you can easily exchange it . If the batteries were replaceable it would have gotten 5 stars with a doubt . I do understand though , that it is difficult to make a safe and reliable electronic item that is designed to be fully submersible .
 I bought this before my son was born so my husband would know if the bath water was too hot . I got ONE WEEK of use out of this before it quit working . The display area was full of condensation and failed to turn on . I decided to pull the thermostat portion out and use it for a tub toy once my son is older . DO NOT BUY THIS ... IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY !!
 The 1st one we had worked for about 2 months , then the 2nd did n't work when we brought it home , and the 3rd did n't have working light indicators .
 I 've received two of these . One purchased , then the next exchanged . Neither one works . I called the company . They said they would send me one `` directly from the company '' . Apparently the nonreplaceable batteries are already dead on the other two .
 I could n't get the suction cups to stick to my tub . I tried polygrip and even that would n't work . The item seemed too heavy to be held up with only suction cups . I would n't recommend this item .
 I could n't get the thing to stay up even when I used silicone adhesive on the suction cups . The silicon worked for a few weeks , now , the corner organizer is on the floor with the toys piled on top . Great concept , poor execution .
 Unfortunately we followed the directions and it didnt stick to our walls and fell down repeatedly . Never even made it 24 hours . Finally threw it out . We dont have tile but the moulded walls . I dont know if that makes a difference .
 It leans forward too much from what my sister has told me ... I purchased it for my nephew . When she used it for the first time , she mentioned two issues . 1 . It leans forward too much so the baby is uncomfortable and 2 . It does n't store well .
 I bought a seat like this one 2 years ago . My grandson broke the 2 clips off the tray , and they do n't sell replacement clips or trays . Summer Infant offered to sell me a new seat , decided not to get another one , for obvious reasons . FYI
 bad quality . the connection with arm and chair is weak and easy to be broken off . I meet the same problem twice so I dont think its just an accident .
 I gave it a one star because its okay as a TRAVEL booster seat . It 's not comfy at all , our baby gets fussy in it because she 's uncomfortable in it . There 's no padding or cushion padding at all , it 's all plastic . We also put the tray in our dishwasher , bottom rack , and the tray somehow stuck to our heating-pan , I think that 's what it 's called -LRB- ? -RRB- in the bottom of the dishwasher . So I dont recommend washing it in the dishwasher , it 's really simple to clean anyways . The straps get pretty dirty pretty fast and when we washed them in the washing machine my husband had a hard time figuring out how to put them back on the booster seat.So with all those things , it has now become our traveling booster seat , and it 's fine for that !
 I bought this one for my 10 month old . I was sold on some of the reviews , and thought I would try a different one . I have the Fischer price healthy deluxe for my other baby -LRB- now 25 mo. -RRB- . I thought I might like the high are rest and tray , but the do n't make up dFor the poorer quality plastic , all the crevasses and places for food to get into -LRB- which people talk about this booster not having -RRB- . I have decided to keep this be in the car for travel and purchase what I should have in the first place . Fischer price healthy care -LRB- deluxe -RRB- .
 I was really excited to get this in because we had similar items with several of our other children and never used icky restaurant high chairs . This one is awful ! The pad is held on by three loose pieces of elastic on the top , leaving the pad to flop around . There is a rounded part bulging out all around the outer edge on the inside of the seat back , pushing the child 's head forward if the child is small . The three-point restraint is utterly useless , as the straps loosen up with any kind of movement and they are n't secure at all . The `` restraint system '' will certainly not hold a wiggly child in . The tray is a very tight fit and difficult to put on . I paid six dollars extra just to get it in pink instead of tan , what is the reason for it to be so much more on such a cheap item ? We have had many high chairs and booster seats through raising seven children , but this is truly one of the worst baby items I 've ever purchased . I find myself wondering who tested this product and said it was of good enough quality to be sold . My husband took one look at it and said , `` Send it back ! ''
 Do n't like at all !! Very hard and uncomfortable and my baby hates it !! Its only good for quick snacks , it 's not a product made with baby in mind it 's more for a dog ... I know crazy right but out tea cup pup loves it , it 's hers now ! Spend a bit more and get something useful .
 The tray does not attach to the seat to travel with . You need two hands to carry it :-LRB- I would not purchase this again nor recommend it to anyone . I may just donate it and buy another one . My son slides down in it and the tray is hard to slide on . I was so excited when I bought it , and now am very disappointed in my purchase .
 I do n't know what my wife paid for this seat but it was to much . This seat is not sturdy , it 's a pain to get the tray on and is flimsy . Spend the money on a good seat for kid or grand kids . There worth more then this seat
 This seat is horrible , the `` cushion '' is incredibly thin so the hard plastic can be felt easily through it , the tray is useless if you have a chubby baby , because it squeezes their tummy . Every time I try to put my daughter in this thing she gets very upset , the back sits up so straight that when she 's in the chair her body is forced forward , I ca n't find any way to adjust this , even the backs of my own kitchen chairs do n't sit this far forward , it 's ridiculous . I 'll be tossing this p.o.s. in the dumpster today and buying something better . I do not recommend this seat .
 I just received my daughter infant sit today . I am very disappointed . The way you put in the cushion is by three little thin string straps at the top , which is n't even secure , and it dosnt really have any cushion in it . The middle straps where you attach the other two straps in to hold the child in place is unsecured as well . You can not unjust that strap so it is just loose , so there 's really no support in the straps at all . Over all the folding in well done and it cute , but to me not safe at all .
 This product was nice to use , until it broke . The little plastic pieces that fold up and lock in place , that the tray slides onto . . They broke off . Without any mistreatment . . Seems like it was weak due to poor manufacturing . Had it for a little over 2 weeks and it broke .
 I should have known better when I read the only review for the item and it was not a good one . However , the picture showed it to be really cute and compact , so I decided to give it a go . When I got it , the flaps would n't stay close completely and the legs are very flimsy . It was definitely not worth my time considering I really did n't expect much -- just a simple compact booster seat that I can carry wherever I go with my nine-month old . The seat barely fit her . I returned it immediately and decided to go for the discontinued Fisher Price Healthy Care in pink -- definitely worth the price .
 This is a crappy junk chair !!! Made cheap and is too low to fit onto the chair ... so if you are thinking of taking the tray off and putting it up to your table ... Do n't bother with this one . . You get what you pay for and the reason this is cheap is because it 's a cheap seat !!
 We decided to get this booster for our little one because she hates sitting in cheap restaurant high chairs . The straps broke the first time we tried to mount it on a chair . We thought about returning it but then figured hey , it 's only -LSB- ... -RSB- , maybe we can just fix it . So , I took out my sewing machine and sewed the straps back on so now its functional . I noticed the threads they used were very cheap and fine , not for heavy duty materials , and the seams were loose on all the straps . So , make sure you have a sewing machine handy to reinforce the seams . I give it 2 starts for poor quality . It goes without saying , you get what you pay for ...
 hated this productthe seat is too hard for the girls it is hard to move from one position to another nothing is good about this do not buy I bought this and never used it did not return since I 'm not a strng believer of returning thins
 I bought this instead of a high chair for the convenience factor and it is really cute . It is a HASSLE to assemble the straps , and once they are assembled , they do n't securely lock into place . The straps hang on my a tiny hole , and at the right angle can be pulled out , which I find dangerous for baby . The point of straps is for safety , and they should not be easily removed from their base . We kept it anyway , but had to `` rig '' it ourselves by locking the straps in with our own invention . Good Luck figuring this thing out !
 I have a Fisher Price Healthy Booster but needed something more `` compact '' for my upcoming trip to Asia . I learned that hard way of what I liked was considered GINORMOUS abroad and would be cumbersome at most.I picked this and the Munchkin Booster as my travel booster . I wanted to have the same level of comfort as my FP as my son has been using it for almost a year an half and will sit in it during meals out -LRB- It 's really nice to keep the FP in the trunk of my car so we can eat out anywhere w/o the fear of dirty boosters or none at all -RRB- . I want something that 's lightweight , durable and compact -LRB- which my FP is NOT -RRB- . Munchkin came first - kinda dig it but the harness/seat was a bit tight for my 2 year old -LRB- he 's in the 10 % so if you have a average size child , that 's not for you -RRB- . It 's super light and compact . There 's a storage compartment for all feeding essentials and a couple of diapers . All very self contained.The next day the summer infant came . In a LARGE box . Ugh ! Opened it up and hoping it 'd be compact , disappointment to find it 's not . At least it 's thin , and it is lightweight , but not really compact . The thing is poorly made . I felt like at each snap open of the arms or the legs it would cause the thing to break or just snap off . Once it 's put together , it 's sturdy but not pretty . The cover on the back rest seems pointless - you have to secure it over the top , well what about the bottom . I can just see that backrest cover shimmy off as my antsy child fidgets in his seat . It 's definitely NOT aesthetically pleasing , I do n't know what to do with the tray if we were to travel with it . It does n't snap onto the seat when the seat is in the closed position . And the lack of a cover over the tray just seems dirty . The seat seemed narrow - which would be fine since my son is petite , but the depth of the seat and where the tray landed would n't have been comfortable b/c he 's short . The one thing that was nice about this is that the harness had 2 adjustments on the base of the seat . So I could see this being something to grow your child in - but if your child is a chunker , tight squeeze . I would n't want to be seen in public with this - the picture looks FABULOUS but it 's garish in real life.THIS SEAT WOULD BE IDEAL FOR YOU IF : You needed a seat for visitors or grandkids that come by once in a whileTall/Skinny kiddoYou do n't care about aestheticsIf this is your FIRST travel booster , I 'm sure you 'll love it but if you 've had the FP Healthy Booster , it 's hard to downgrade ! Worst thing is - this COST MORE than my FP -LRB- I got it at Walmart -RRB- .
 The mechanism on the tray broke the very first time this seat was used by our 2-year-old grandson ! Very disappointing !!!
 i just bought this chair for my daughter to save space and such and the back cushion does n't even stay secure not very good at all i got what i paid for i guess . i do not recommend spend the extra it wont even stay tightened on the chair so not really safe either !
 I was traveling with my son over Christmas break and needed a portable booster seat for him . The folding nature of this chair made it look awesome . I even had the product shipped in 2 days because I needed it so bad . The picture of it folded is what got me , it looks so perfect for travel.Then the other shoe drops . The tray is n't part of the folding process , nothing even attaches it to the folded chair . It 's a huge design flaw . Any gains made by portability are destroyed because you have to carry the tray separately . It 's a huge pain , especially for travel.The plastic is hard and not contoured for a nice seating position . It was so cheap I 'm debating whether I throw it out or try to return it.Get the fisher price folding seat instead . I picked that up the day before our flight and the tray firmly attaches when it 's folded . He loves it and we still use it at home .
 This would be fine for traveling but not for everyday use . As others have mentioned , the seat `` pad '' -LRB- I use the term loosely - it 's not very padded at all -RRB- only attaches at the top and slides all over the place . The straps are hard to tighten and the tray is hard to get on/off . The only good things about this are that it folds up flat and is portable . That 's it .
 I own a regular high chair and a space-saver , but I was traveling and so I had this delivered to where I was staying . It did the job , but there were two problems . The decorative cover only comes down half-way -LRB- as can be seen in the picture but I did not really think about the implications -RRB- so my son kept sliding . And the act of putting the tray on was very difficult and required a second set of hands every time it was attempted .
 I bought this booster seat and within a day , one of the hinges for the sliding tray broke ! We managed to fix it , and two weeks later , the other hinge broke . We never forced it , used it 3 times a day with care , and still did n't last more than a couple of weeks . Do n't waste your money on this , invest on something with a better quality . Extremely disappointed .
 My son loves Deigo so I thought this would be a good choice to start learning to use the potty . Its obvious when he sits on it that he is not fully comfortable and wont sit longer than a minute . Its really small and narrow , is hard plastic and the green `` pot '' slides and seems to pinch . It is also a little unstable and tilts when he tries to get up from it . I am currently looking for another product and will use this for a stool .
 This potty received poor reviews ; I foolishly bought it anyway because I was hoping to get my daughter interested in the potty -LRB- she loves Dora -RRB- . This thing is as bad as it gets . My daughter tips over on it . The removable cup sticks to her and , worst of all , she can not pick it up and move it because it is not attached to the base . The whole thing falls apart in her hands . Buy the the Bjorn potty instead and have your child personalize it with stickers of their favorite character .
 The concept is good for the 3 in 1 , but the step stool portion does not lock into the potty ring base . So child knocks it over easily and a pain if you have to move it .
 I would change the design of this potty chair .1 > The green pan comes off to easily . The plastic sticks to my daughters thighs and comes off of the seat and spills urine all over . If I could purchase a different one , I would get one that has the pan that slides out instead .2 > The seat that fits onto the base removes too easily for the early stages of potty training when your young toddler like to explore how things work . My daughter just rips it right off . However , if you are using it as the chair that fits onto the toilet seat , it stays nicely and is sturdy . I would like it if it was as sturdy on the base as it is on the potty seat .3 > The stool has rubber grips on the bottom are very sturdy and do n't slip at all when used as a stool .4 > The Dora & Boots picture is actually a sticker and mine had a few bubbles in it . Already the ticker is showing some wear from using bleach to clean the potty chair and we have had this for less than a month .
 My daughter did n't even get to use it . It actually is really small . And my daughter is tiny all ready and very thin . So you would think she can fit , but actually the toilet itself was too small . Not worth anything . Worst product .
 I wish I would have gotten a potty that did n't have 3 pieces to it . My daughter is constantly taking this apart . If I could do it over again I would have gotten a potty that the only removable part was the bowl . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 My daughter started potty training & within days she developed a dry scaly rash along the sides of her butt where contact was made with the seat . I stopped putting her on the 3-in-1 potty & started using a different potty seat & the rash went away within a day . I 'm sure the design of the seat contributed to the skin irritation , since everytime she got off , you get see the red ring indent left from the ridge of the seat . So from my personal experience with the seat , I 'd advise you to not buy it .
 I bought this when I decided to start potty training my daughter who loves Dora . I ended up just making my own . There was n't a lot of space for stickers . The card was filled up really quickly . This costs almost $ 7 . For less than $ 5 , I made my own that lasted a lot longer than a few days .
 This product came packaged in leaded vinyl . The packaging is unsafe for my child . I will be returning this product immediately . I am furious . Who cares if this product is safety tested if my child is required to touch leaded vinyl en route to the product ? Give me a break !!!!!!!
 A friend of mine ordered this and it is harldy comparable to the chubbyseats . For the same price you can go online and order a chubbyseat in the fabric you like and have more cushioning for those little ones . .
 I thought I would love this , but it just takes too much time and energy . Germs can go through cloth once it is wet from saliva . Then this material has been rubbed all over the cart and then I put it in my car etc. . I just do n't see the difference in that and not using it . My hands touch it , baby 's hands touch it etc. . I have enough to keep track of with a bag , baby , wallet , cell phone ... I just dont have enough to keep track of a giagantic piece of material ! My grocery store has those sanitary wipes outside the store by the carts and I wipe down the handle bar ... that is far more effective against germs . You are better off buying a $ 3 thing of purel hand cleaner than this bulky , ineffective cloth .
 I had a floppy seat and when I heard about Chubby Seats knew I had to have one ! They were everything I had been looking for ... and then some ! They are not only much more padded but I got to pick from a great selection of fabrics and options -LRB- I even got to add ruffles to my little girl 's seat -RRB- . The woman who creates the seats is wonderful to work with and although there is a bit of wait time to get your seat . . it 's more than worth it ! Do yourself a favor , at least look at Chubby Seats before buying any other cart cover out there!chubbyseats
 After reading all the positive reviews I went out and purchased this item and was disappointed at how difficult it was to use with one hand . Think about it ... in most cases you 're going to be holding a squirming infant in one arm and trying to put this thing on a shopping cart or high chair with the other . It does come bundled up in it 's own cute little sack , but it takes two hands and about 30 seconds to actually work the thing out of it 's sack . Once out , it 's not super easy to get on the cart with one hand but can be done . No biggie there ... the real trouble comes when you 're done shopping and you once again have your squirming infant in one arm and are trying to remove and repackage your floppy seat . This thing is not small and trying to get it back into it 's cute little sack takes some doing . And because it 's so big , it 's not the kind of thing you want to keep out all the time , loose from it 's baggie . Too much work I say , for something that could and should be more convenient . I exchanged mine for a Buggy Bagg . At first I balked at the price of the Buggy Bagg but later realized it is worth the extra 20 bucks . Super easy to open , set up , remove and store all with one hand . Plus it 's got a ton of room in the diaper bag compartment so when we go out shopping or dining we do n't need a diaper bag anymore .
 I personally was not happy with the Floppy Seat . I do not like the way it moved around in the cart & it was not convenient to store . I then purchased the Buggy Bagg & was extremely happy with that product . The padding , convenience & features of the Buggy Bagg were far more superior than the Floppy Seat . I would like to see Toys R Us carry the Buggy Bagg . It is the absolute best .
 I bought this floppy after reading lots of good reviews about it and I definetely wanted something to cover both shopping cart and high chair . After using it numerous times , I decided I do n't like it very much . Yes , it 's great to have this to cover and it 's a two-in-one . However , I find it way too bulky for normal restaurant high chairs . I always have a hard time putting in on the chair and then trying to get the baby in . And since it 's so bulky it does n't stay in place well at all until the baby sits in it . Then there is no way to put this on either high chair or shopping cart with one hand . So I always have to put the baby down.In the end I wish I would have bought two covers , one for the high chair and one for the shopping cart . Now , I will just buy one for the chair , and use this one just for the shopping cart -LRB- since I already paid for it -RRB- . So I would not recommend this cover if it 's to be used for chairs and carts .
 I purchased the Floppy Seat at Babies R Us because I knew that I really wanted something to cover those `` cootie infested '' carts now that my son is old enough to sit up . I recieved a Shop & Play cart cover for a shower gift , but it is more for entertainment than protection from germs . I did n't do much research or compare different types of cart covers before making this purchase because I did n't think there could really be that much difference in cart covers . As long as it was one that covered the entire seat , I figured it would be better than the Shop & Play . When I got home w / the Floppy Seat I got it out to see how it looked & worked . GOOD GRIEF , it was a WRESTLING MATCH just to get it pulled out of itself where it could be used , -LRB- it stuffs inside itself & makes a bag for carrying -RRB- & trying to stuff it all back in was EVEN HARDER to do . I was just sitting at home on the couch , so I could tell it would be IMPOSSIBLE to do w / one hand while holding a baby ! I guess it would work it you get the cart in the parking lot & put the Floppy Seat on before you get your baby out of the car , but if you tried to actually carry your baby into the store & then put on the Floppy Seat while holding your little one it would never work . I plan on returning the Floppy Seat . I 'm not even going to waste my time and energy trying it on a cart . Trust me it would be next to impossible to use w / out dropping your child . After reading online reviews I plan on purchasing the Buggy Bagg . I wish I had done more research BEFORE buying the Floppy Seat . Yes , the Buggy Bagg is more expensive , but I can tell it will be worth the money if it means not dropping my baby on his head while trying to install the Floppy Seat . I gave this 2 stars because , in all fairness , I never actually tried it on a cart & I figure it would be better than no cover at all . All in all , I 'd say the Floppy Seat is a `` flop '' .
 The Floppy Seat is a piece of junk . I bought one and after opening it , I found there to be some fabric bleeding where the colors had run together . I called the compnay right away to inform them of the defect in mine & to see what I could do about returning the one I had & getting one that was not defective . I was made to pay shpping on something that was not even my fault . About a month later I received a replacement . It was ok for about a week until I washed it -LRB- on the gentle cycle -RRB- & the colors on that one bled together . When I called the company about this problem with the colors running together they were extremely RUDE and unwilling to help me.I have totaly wasted my hard earned money . The FLIMSY Floppy Seat is a piece of junk ! I would not recommend this to anyone after my experience of receiveing 2 defective Floppy Seats & dealing with one very rude company .
 I bought a floppy seat because my sister had one and she loves it . However , I did n't really like it because it 's too big and cumbersome . The leg holes are too big and it leaves a lot of the cart exposed there , which of course is where my daughter wants to touch . This defeats the purpose of the cover . Also , it is very cumbersome and takes two hands to get it on the cart and forget about putting it in the bag unless your hands are totally free . I tried it in 3 different shopping carts and while it fit it left a lot of cart exposed through the leg holes . Needless to say I returned mine and got a Buggy Bagg instead . That thing is great . My daughter fell asleep today in the grocery store in it ! It 's so easy to use and fold up too . It is more expensive but totally worth the money . My advice would be to do your research before you buy .
 I received the floppy seat for my baby shower and thought it was going to be great . The concept is great but considering the cost of this item , I was disappointed . This cover does cover the entire cart , and has two toy loops , but that 's it . For nearly $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , I expected some bells and whistles . Almost immediately I started looking around for a replacement . Thankfully I found an alternative online -LSB- ... -RSB- and for the same cost mine came with custom fabric that covers even the largest cart , extra thick batting , pillow , two toy loops , buckle , pocket up front so I could hide little treats for my 7 month old to help keep him busy , and a pocket out of his reach to put my keys , coupons , etc. . All of which folds up nicely in itself with the a strap so I can throw it over my shoulder and go ! My advice is to look thoroughly before wasting money on this simplistic version .
 I just bought this floppy seat cover today and realized it would be impossible to hold your baby and try to put the cover on the cart at the same time . I did see the buggy bagg at Babiesrus as well but did n't want to spend $ 20 more . I now realize it 's way worth the extra money to be able to do it one handed . Plus i like the fact that the buggy bagg has extra storage pockets for diapers and bottles . So ... This is going back tomorrow and buggy bagg here i come ; -RRB-
 I purchased the Floppy Seat before reading all the reviews . I had never heard of the Buggy Bagg until reading these reviews so I took their advice and purchased it to compare . I have to agree that the Buggy Bagg is better and I paid only ten dollars more for it at Onlinestore.com . The Buggy Bagg is so much easier to use , you actually place it in the cart , and with one hand you unzip it , fold the back over the seat and stretch the elastic around the front and sides , and just as easy to pack back up , so much neater than the Floppy . And there 's padding between the legs that velcros to the cart and the pillow is awesome for a lounging baby or just for support . The padding is quilted so that it molds to the seat and lays perfectly and it is thicker than the Floppy . There are also two great pockets behind the seat that zip closed for baby stuff , sometimes I stick my wallet in there so I do n't have to carry a purse . And the fabric choices are great , I got the navy/khaki plaid , very cute . It looks much nicer when carrying into restaurants as it rolls up neatly and zips with two handles like a real tote . I returned the Floppy and I 'm so glad I bought the Buggy Bagg . The Floppy does the job but the Buggy Bagg does it better .
 It took quite a bit of time to assemble , and after doing so the top of the chest does n't close down properly as it should , it springs back up and stays open about 9 inches . It will be quite a frustrating experience to attempt to send it back . Would not recommend this particular style or brand .
 I love the look of these bottles , the fact that they keep liquids cold -LRB- to some degree ; I live in the desert -RRB- , that they are n't plastic , and that they have a straw . That 's all I can recommend.We 've cracked and broken the plastic lid simply by dropping it on the tiled kitchen floor . Replacement straws are available from Thermos , but not lids.The bottles do leak -- especially if they 're bounced around a jogging stroller ... and beware the projectile spouting if you flip open the top on an airplane or after driving up a mountain ! If you leave the bottle in the sun too long , and flip the top you 'll get `` peed '' on too ... However , because of the straw and the stainless steel , I 'll keep buying them . Wish our Siggs came with a straw option ...
 -LRB- I do n't usually take the time to review items -- but I thought it was worth the warning on this one -RRB- I had high hopes for this cup . And it let me down in a number of ways.Although it does suggest handwashing , it is described as dishwasher safe.After a few washes , the bottom cover fell off , exposing the glue underneath , and would never stick back onto the cup.Also , the rubber portion of the straw separated from the base of the cup -- total choking hazard.It was expensive , and I am extremely annoyed . -LRB- grateful that my daughter did not swallow the broken straw -- but extremely annoyed -RRB-
 I bought these for my 18 month old daughter so we could have cold milk for her on our upcoming trip . I was so excited . The first time we used them they LEAKED all over the diaper bag . These leak all the time whether or not they are open or closed . I am really disappointed .
 The item photographed is not what was sent . A refund was given , but much time and energy was wasted and never heard from the actual seller . Refunded amount only after contacting Amazon and filing a claim . Would not recommend !
 I was disappointed to find out that Foogo sippy cup is manufactured in China . This really should be disclosed in the item details . I would assume that this product is made in China as well unless you can determine otherwise.As a result of criticism received on my above review I find it necessary to elaborate . I purchased the Foogo by Thermos Leak-Proof SS 12 oz - Straw Bottle for my son for the same reason many parents have , a non-toxic alternative to the popular plastic products on the market . However , I also had another concern at the time of purchase . I knew I wanted a stainless steel product , the problem was I also knew I did not want one that was manufactured in China . I was concerned with the increasing number of lead tainted products being exported by the country and simply did not want a metal product from China . My problem was finding documentation on many of the stainless steel products on the market . During my research , I discovered that although Thermos has many products manufactured in China they also had a high end line that was manufactured in Malaysia . So I decided to take a chance and buy the foogo hoping that it was also from Malaysia since it had a higher price tag than the Chinese made products . I was disappointed to find out when it was delivered that it was indeed `` Made in China '' . In an attempt to save other like minded parents the same frustrations I reviewed the product , giving it two stars and pointing out that it was manufactured in China . I then proceeded to copy my review to the remaining foogo line of product , disclosing that I had not purchased them personally but to assume that they were made in China .
 I purchased four of these for my children -LRB- ages 2-4 -RRB- . After using them for a few months we have had a variety of issues . The plastic on the bottom of all of the cups has cracked . One of the straws ripped apart . Also , the plastic hinge broke off . After contacting Thermos they said that there is a five year warranty on the cups ONLY if they have n't been dropped . These are made for kids right ?
 IF I HAVE TO TRY TO CLEAN PRUNE JUICE OUT OF THE CARPET ONE MORE TIME . . WHICH I WO N'T BECAUSE I AM PUTTING THIS THERMOS IN THE GARBAGE . LOVED IT IN THE BEGINNING BECAUSE MY DAUGHTER COULD OPEN THE TOP AND USE IT HERSELF , BUT OVER THE PAST FEW WEEKS IT HAS STARTED LEAKING WHEN LEFT ON ITS SIDE ON THE GROUND -- AS CHILDREN TEND TO LEAVE THINGS . IF YOU TIGHTEN THE TOP TOO MUCH IT MAKES A GAP AT THE STRAW AND LEAKS FROM THERE AND IF YOU DO N'T TIGHTEN IT ENOUGH IT LEAKS . I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING AND AM TIRED OF FINDING IT ON ITS SIDE SOMEWHERE WITH A HUGE PUDDLE UNDERNEATH IT .
 I bought a new one the other day to see if I had a couple of duds and experiment . I took it home filled it with water without taking anything apart , turned it upside down and water streamed out of the vent hole . Taking it back . I bought two -LRB- pink and blue -RRB- previously . Both leak . I thought this would be the greatest thing since is was BPA free and cold keep drinks cold . I like the sippy cup by the same company but my daughter has graduated to the straw types . It started leaking from day one . After washing it , I would spend 5 minutes trying to align the vent hole different ways to prevent leaking . It was also dropped from about 2 feet and the hinge broke . No way to fix that so basically it now has no lid . I have emailed the company with no response and do n't plan on sitting on hold for 20 minutes like others have . Even the company website says it does not leak if the lid is closed . Sure when you open it all the liquid that fills up the lid comes out . How many children remember to close the lid after they take a drink ? I wish I could take it back . I am going back to Nalgene and Camelbak BPA free . Save your money .
 I stained a white swimsuit orange around the edges - there 's a chemical reaction between the sunscreen and hard water . The stains appear when you wash it ! Barkeeper 's Friend seems to be taking it out ... I 'm very frustrated .
 I bought this and used it a couple of times on my kids with no problems , except that my kids did not like being sprayed . This weekend we took it to the pool and it would not spray . There is nothing we could do to get it working again . Dangerous to be caught without a backup sunscreen !
 I have used the Coppertone Pure and Simple lotion and loved it but for a Disney trip I wanted something easier to re-apply in the parks . While this offered great sun protection -LRB- after a full week at Disney , no one in our family was sunburned -RRB- , this product stained all of our white/light colored clothing . Also , it leaves a sticky residue on the skin that even after showering , only vigorous rubbing with a towel removed the residue . I can not seem to get the stains out of the clothes at ALL even after numerous washing with bleach . After researching the product on-line , I found many other complaints regarding the same issue of stained clothing . I would give this product negative stars if I could , and will definitely not recommend anyone to purchase it -LRB- unless you prefer to wear your clothes with stains ... -RRB- . I was very disappointed in the product , especially since I have had such great experience with the Pure & Simple lotion sunscreen .
 on a recent trip we used this product and within a 1/2 hour we noticed orange stains on my kids and my husbands clothes upon our return home we washed our clothes and the stains remained I contacted the company and was treated very rudly Our clothes are now ruined and I am spreading the word never buy another coppertone product I know I wo n't
 Pros - * super easy to use * lets you reach difficult spots on your own since you do n't have to reach to rub it in * very fast to apply * it seems to last a long time based on how you can feel the residue on your body -LRB- though I would still reapply per directions to be on the safe side -RRB- Cons - * sticky rather than smooth like a lotion * does n't always come out right -LRB- should be a mist but sometimes a stream comes out -RRB- * supposed to be no rub but sometimes it comes on unevenly and you have to rub it in * bad smell * have to be sure and close your mouth because it tastes terrible if any gets in there * my son hates having it sprayed on -LRB- I think because it is cold -RRB- -LSB- update - he does n't seem to mind it anymore -RCB- * bottle gets very slippery miduse * sometimes it stops working as you are applying it -LRB- the control gets stuck ? -RRB- * takes a bit of force to get it to work -LRB- at least my bottle was like that -RRB- I do n't plan to buy it again . I 'll use what we have left but that 's it . Great idea though .
 I also have encountered orange clothing stains from Coppertone 's products . I tried a rub on sunscreen last year which left large stains on a white t-shirt and khaki shorts I was wearing ... always where the clothing rub an area I put the sunscreen on . I decided to give Coppertone a second chance -LRB- because of their positive reputation -RRB- and tried the spray this year for golfing . When I got home I noticed a large orange stain again around the sleeves ... and I only played 9 holes!I had to throw all the clothing out because it was unwearable . Even Goodwill did not want it ! From what I 've heard , there is a large segment of people who have encountered these stains , yet Coppertone has done nothing to fix the problem or reimburse people for clothing .
 The stain thing happened to my family 's clothes while at the beach this week ! My nails even have an orange hue . I wonder if this stuff is safe . Anyone have any ideas for getting the stains out of our clothing ? I have 5 days worth of 5 family members ' clothing totally ruined . I actually gave it one star because it was very effective as a sunblock . Just be sure to wear all orange clothing during and for a day or two after use !!!!!
 There are two very different formulations in similar shaped spray bottles . This one -LRB- clear spray -RRB- is HORRIBLE.Do NOT buy this one , which is the `` Clear No-Rub Spray '' also labeled `` Continuous Spray '' version . It sprays out like a clear liquid . It caused a BAD RASH to all three members of our family within 8 hrs after use , and same thing every time we tried to use it . We do not have sensitive skin . It was n't a bad bottle . We had multiple different sized bottles different mfg dates - all same problem . We had to throw all bottles into garbage.OK , which one should you buy?Instead , sugggest you buy the `` LOTION SPRAY '' Water Babies version which comes in same shape bottle but which has PINK artwork on bottle . It sprays out as a light consistency , white cream lotion Coppertone Waterbabies SPF # 50 Quick Cover Spray Lotion 6 oz . . We use that pink bottle Coppertone `` Lotion Spray '' every day . We LOVE IT . We go through multiple bottles per year . Tip
 Took me forever to figure out what was ruining all my white/light colored clothing!Realized it was the sunscreen and the hard water at the cottage!Don ' t use in hard water ! Clothing is ruined !!
 After several years of using a competitor 's aerosol sunblock for kids we opted for the 3-pack of this product from Sams , thinking it could n't be much different.Our experience has been spot-on with most reviews here and can be summed up with three S 's : Stains - Have n't noticed on the clothes yet , but the over-spray did permanently stain our composite decking on our porch.Sticky - Most likely an effect of the waterproof chemical . After a shower -LRB- or two -RRB- you 'll still feel gummy until it wears off.Stinky - This stuff smells ... bad ! Just like bug spray.Additionally , our daughter -LRB- 4 -RRB- has developed a rash on her neck and chest after using this product . Apparently , Oxybenzone , which this product contains , can trigger allergic reactions.One additional note : Aside from causing high rates of photoallergenic reactions , Oxybenzone -LRB- an ingredient in 60 % of sunscreens -RRB- is a potential hormone disruptor and penetrates the skin in relatively large amounts . Some experts caution it 's use on children due to penetration and toxicity concerns.Moral of the story ... do your research . We 'll likely be choosing a top-rated sunscreen from EWG 's Sunscreen Guide .
 I never thought about writing a review for sunscreen , but I thought it was important , Coppertone has a serious problem with the sprayer on this sunscreen . I have never encountered this before and I see from past reviews we are n't the only ones who have had this problem.We have 3 bottles , bought from 2 different stores . One of them stopped working after a few sprays -LRB- bottle still full of sunscreen -RRB- . Thought it was a fluke . Took 2 bottles camping this weekend and the same thing happened , they stopped working after a few uses ! We took care to not spray upside down thinking that was the problem . But they still clogged.I say `` clogged '' because I am not sure what the problem is , it is n't even clogged because the sprayer button wo n't go down , It is almost like the sprayer button broke . As the other reviewer said , we tried everything to get them working again.I also thought it was strange that the kids burned after only 2 hours but this could be our fault for not re-applying since they were swimming the entire time . I have never had a problem with burning using other Coppertone products or using Coppertone in the past , but that was our experience this weekend with this product .
 I admit there are n't any of this sort of baby timer in the market and to be honest , it IS a big help for first time parents . Even my hubby who is usually skeptical of fangled gadgets heaps praise on it.However , if you read the fine print on the manual , it only has a 90 day warranty . Right after my baby turn 3 months old , the timer went blank . I gave it a change of battery , I even cleaned the contacts where the batteries would connect to . Nothing worked . I opened up the unit to look inside and found that the wire that connects to the battery was n't soldered on properly . On further investigation I saw some components were dead , but I 'll spare you the details.In short , it has poor quality control by the manufacturer . I would n't pay this much for something that spoils this easily , I would have given this one star if it is n't for the fact that it was a great help while it lasted .
 We were so excited to use this , and thought it was a fantastic tool for remembering all of your baby 's key stats during the day . It is true that basic math and short term memory goes out the window when you are sleep deprived , so it is hard to constantly remember when was the last time you changed the diaper , fed the baby , etc. . Unfortunately , like previous reviewers , we were extremely disappointed with the poor construction of this device . I dropped the device just once on our wooden floors , and the backlit function no longer worked -LRB- which is key for using this in the middle of the night -RRB- . We actually bought a replacement device , vowing to be more careful -LRB- I attached a lanyard to it and tried wearing it around my neck -RRB- , because we found the timers were so useful even in the brief time I got to use the first device . Again , within a few days , I dropped the second device just once again on our kitchen floor , and the same result - the backlit function broke again . If you are a parent with a baby , you are frequently juggling multiple items in your hands -LRB- including your baby -RRB- and probably running around your house , and so you are bound to slip and drop the device accidentally at some point . I would only advise getting this device if you intend to leave it stationary somewhere -LRB- one of the public photos showed someone clipping it to a nightshade -RRB- or if you wear pants with a secure belt loop -LRB- there is a clip on this device -RRB- or if you have carpets throughout your house . I think leaving the device stationery somewhere kind of defeats the usefulness though . If you have hard floors , then forget about it . I downloaded the Sleepyhead app on our Ipod like a previous negative review suggested , and that was worth it for 5 bucks .
 We got this to keep track of the times baby is fed and all the other things newborns do . The concept behind the product is great , how long has it been since I last fed my child ? They accomplish this half way . The reason I say this is because it does not have any memory options . So basically you get short term reminders , meaning , it will tell you the time since the very last time you changed a diaper.This product would be very useful if it could track a few days worth of activities , then you could identify patterns and even have that information available to discuss with dr. if needed . In order to achieve this , you still have to write times down , so , just skip this , save your money and simply use paper .
 Fantastic idea with some useful functions , especially when nursing . However , the battery life sucked . Ate through a set of batteries every week . I finally had to give up .
 When I heard about this gizmo , I had one overnighted to me so that I would be sure to have it on hand when # 3 is born . Unfortuntely , it has not met my expectations . With my first 2 babies , I kept detailed notebooks tracking wet and poopy diapers , sleeping times , and feeding times and sides . Since I often fell asleep before recording information , or was so sleepy my writing was illegible , I thought this was just the thing for me . However , all this item amounts to is a four-setting stopwatch . What would make all the difference in the world would be a MEMORY FUNCTION . If I could wake up in the morning and scroll back through the feeding and diaper change times of the night , or if I could see how sleeping patterns are emerging over time , now that would really be something ! But as it is , each time I reset a button , the previous time is lost . The only thing this item is useful for is the light , the clock , and making it so I wo n't have to calculate the amount of time that has passed from clock time to clock time . I will still have to use a notebook to record any meaningful information.I hope the makers of Itzbeen are listening ! Or someone else ! If you make a timer like this with a MEMORY FUNCTION , I will be overjoyed , and I will buy one every time a friend has a new baby ! -LRB- And please include separate buttons for wet and soiled diapers -- this is very important information for newborns . -RRB-
 This timer was somewhat useful but the buttons stopped working right at the 2 week mark . Anyway , there 's an app for that . Several in fact if you have an iphone/ipad/iwhatever . Similac has a free one but there 's also `` total baby '' , `` baby connect '' , and several others which are more useful than the Itzbeen because they store the information and you can go back and look at trends etc. .
 This might have been a useful baby care item if the display worked . We received this as a gift from our registry . When we arrived home with baby we had n't set up the Itzbeen yet because the baby came surprisingly early . We took the timer from the package , inserted new batteries , and the entire right side of the display was cut off . The timer would keep track of hours but not minutes . We called the manufacturer who returned our call a week later . In the meantime we contacted Amazon to return the item . Amazon sent a replacement , which arrived a couple weeks later . The replacement works , but we did n't have the timer to use in those critical first weeks when you really need to keep track of this information and are too tired to do so . Use a clock , a pen , and paper - cheaper and more reliable .
 Thought this should and could do more . It just keeps track of how long it 's been . So it really is just 4 timers in one without alarms for each . For what it does , it should sell for $ 10 ! Wish it had memory to keep track daily . I still had to write down everything anyway since the doctor always wanted to know daily totals .
 I was given the timer by a friend in celebration of baby # 5 . I do n't understand what anyone would need it for . When a baby cries , you feed it , if it smells change it and they will sleep when they 're tired . I have never with any of my children had to write down what I did and when I did it , because frankly it did n't matter . Baby # 4 was on a biliblanket for 2 weeks and had to be fed about every 2 hours , so that 's what I did , not that hard to look at a clock and figure out about 2 hours . With multiples I could see how it could be more useful , but otherwise just not necessary . It 's just one more way for companies to step in-between the mother/child relationship .
 So , this product is a great idea , and it was highly recommend by a friend of ours but we were really disappointed . The unit we received was broken - segments of the screen did n't work so the numbers were garbled . Also , the alarm would go off on its own.Even if we had a working unit , I do n't think this is such a great product , especially for newborns . You hit the button when you start feeding the baby so you can keep track of how long its been - but with a fussy baby , she might not drink more than half and ounce if she was n't hungry to begin with . So now the timer has already been reset , but you ca n't see what the time was before you reset it . This product is a cute idea , but we 're much better off jotting down feeding and nap times on a sheet of scrap paper . We also made a fancy spreadsheet , but even that is over kill.I really wanted to like this product , but I wish it could keep track of how many times you nurse in a day , and how much . keeping track of sleep would be better too , instead of just knowing its been 3 hours since a nap - trust me , you 'll know she 's been up for too long without this ; D
 This is a great idea , but the quality of this item is so poor that I was never able to use mine . The first one I got when my youngest child was 4 weeks old . It faded out , even with brand new batteries within the first 12 hours . I then shipped it back to recieve a replacement . I recieved my replacement by the time my son was 2 months old . It only turned on once , then it was a goner AGAIN . I returned it once again , hoping that this time I would get one that actually worked . No such luck . By this time my son was 3.5 months old , and I really didnt ' even need it anymore . But , even if I did , it only lasted about 30 seconds before this crap died on me again . I just threw it out , in hopes of forgetting I ever wasted any of my time with this piece of crap . DON `` T BUY THIS !!!! It is a complete waste of your time , get sleep instead , you will need it with your new bundle of joy .
 Bought this item at the store babies r us in cerritos . I had to return this item twice ! On the display screen , the timer numbers were not really legible because of a glitch or something . You know like when you have really low batteries ? Exept I used new batteries.and the same with the second one I bought . Actually the second one was worse . At first you only saw parital numbers then they just faded completely !!! I do n't know maybe it was just sheer luck or maybe it was a bad batch . I hope that this item is not just poor quality manufacturing . Im a new mother and am still trying to get used to the hectic schedule . However , I am going to try and get it somewhere else . I will also give a review on that and let you know how that worked out if it even does or if I have to return it for the third time !
 I bought this item thinking that it would be a great idea except that when I received it in the mail the screen was malfunctioning . So I took the item and returned it for a replacement only to have the same problem again . So back to Amazon , this time for a refund .
 I purchased this for a shower gift after having a child of my own and thinking that this product could have saved me some wondering during blurry-eyed nights . Of course months after the shower after the baby arrives , the couple removes the packaging and throws it away before turning it on - the display is broken . It has a few bars showing and the functions do n't work . How embarrassing to spend money on a shower gift only to have it broken !! With the packaging gone , I assumed I could n't return it so I apologized to the couple and flushed $ 25 down the toilet .
 this product is a great idea , but seems to be done poorly . We purchased one , it ate batteries every 3 minutes . We returned it and bought a 2nd and it had electrical problems also .
 # 1 - Only a first time parent thinks anyone needs to report with this much accuracy what your baby is doing . # 2 - As a first time parent , I though this was a GREAT idea and bought one . I though `` Surely my doctor wants to know what kind of schedule my baby is on '' . Your doctor does not care . Your doctor will laugh at you if you bring in this information . # 3 - People will make fun of you . Remember , if you really want accurate information , you have to take it with you everywhere you go and press a button with every poop . # 4 - My husband found an iPhone app that does the same thing for 1.99 , so if you REALLY think you need this -LRB- which you do n't -RRB- , save some money and just get the app . You have your iPhone with you everywhere anyway .
 1 . every week need change battery .2 . Now my led most number ca n't view fully . 0 just like C. 3 . it has n't memory function.I think it need have early data . Just like the previous five feeding time ... Finally , I opened it and found the Circuit board and wiring quality very poor .
 I bought this when my second child was born and I was trying to keep track of feedings , medication times -LRB- I was recovering from a c-section -RRB- and diaper changes . It was useful for the first couple weeks , but after that I really did n't need it anymore . I do n't think it was worth it in hindsight . Once I was done with my pain meds it was really useless .
 I do n't know how practical is this product , but I received mine today and the LCD is not working on the superior area -LRB- Diaper change alarm -RRB- . I can not return it , as I live outside US and the shipping cost is to big to bother .
 I got mines 2 weeks ago , and I have not really used it because , the baby tell 's me when his hungry or in pain etc. . so , it was worthless , I lost the orginal box so , I can NOT return it . . If you get it wait TILL baby is born bc some babies do tell you if there hungry is high pitch cry and if there bored ... they start kicking and playing with there hands etc. . . bunch of bs . . having to own this piece of crap I plan on selling it on cragislist and see if I can get something for my money .
 I was so excited to use this product because of the great reviews and it just seemed like a very functional gadget . When my daughter was born , I only used it to check the time . I recorded everything by pen and paper - the last time she ate , slept , pooped , etc. for myself as a reminder and to report to my pediatrician her activities . Plus , my baby told me when it was time to feed , when she pooped , when it 's time to sleep again , etc. . . This item is useless .
 It wo n't even turn on ! It was DOA - Dead on Arrival . Great product ! Ca n't even return it because I opened the package ! How can I know it does n't work if I do n't open the package ???
 The clip that you would use to attach this to your pants , shirt , etc broke on us after being dropped onto our carpeted floor -LRB- from about 4 feet high -RRB- . Disappointed in the quality . Does the job ok , but we found using pen & paper worked better for us as you could see the whole day , not just when the last feeding , diaper change , etc was .
 some love this thing , but i did n't use this at all . i changed my kid when she got wet . I had a log for medicine and she ate when she was hungry .
 We initially only used this product for the first few days . We found that it was great for keeping track of feedings and diaper changes but it was hard to keep track of and cumbersome to keep on bring with you as you go from different rooms in the apartment . We breast fed for 8 months and fed on demand . We learned how to tell if he was hungry . We learned to determine when he needed a diaper change - the diaper would feel different , look heavier and sometimes all we needed to know was that we would get a whiff that isnt so pleasant . We found it easier to just read baby 's cues rather than counting the hours between meals and diaper changes and trying to keep him on a schedule . This may be better for parents who practice that philosophy . We decided to follow the Dr Sears approach of attachment parenting . Rather than using a gadget to keep us on a schedule or keep track of time , we grew into our parental roles and are better for it . You dont need this gadget . Dont worry , you 'll figure all this out yourself .
 I bought one of these thinking it would help me and my wife out.The only thing i got was a pile of junk.I put brand new batteries in and within a few minutes it started losing power , like the batteries were dead . I took the batteries back out and put them back in , the same thing happened.I tried another brand new set and the same thing.I tried contacting the company but they wo n't call me back.So I suggest staying away from this.You 'll save time , money and grey hair from being pissed that you got ripped off .
 It arrived defective . The display screen did not work . Mailed back for replacement , have yet to receive it . Will revise review once new one arrives .
 The Itzbeen timer was one of the things I was most excited about getting when I was pregnant and stocking the nursery to prepare for my son 's arrival . I thought that it would be so helpful and that it would also come in handy while in labor to time the contractions . I was wrong . It is by far the least used baby item we have and it was totally not worth the money we spent on it . It is not user friendly at all . Once you start one of the timers , it 's impossible to turn it off . You just have to keep resetting it . I found it much easier to just write down the feeding and poop/pee diapers in a notebook than using this worthless piece of techno-junk . I completely regret buying it and even if it is something that other parents have actually found useful , it 's still not worth the money because it 's poorly made for the price . I do n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I ordered this item on Sept. 12 . It had a delivery estimate of Sept. 16 . It is Sept. 20 . and it still is n't here.And it keeps saying there are no tracking details.This is the second item I have purchased through Amazon from Target!Skip buying anything from Target.I do n't know where these items ship from , but it takes forever!Don ' t bother with Target.UPDATE
 I do n't like the color and shape , but my biggest problem is that the timers do n't go long enough . They stop at twelve hours ! My baby only eats like every other day , and fills his diaper two or three times a week at most . It 's pretty meaningless to me when this thing sits and flashes 12:00 like my VCR all day . Waste of money ! Make one that has days , in addition to hours and minutes , and I 'll be interested . Oh , and make it square and not all cushy-roundy so it will stay balanced on my handlebars !
 This is the most rediculous invention ever . Who needs a timer to care for their baby ? Here 's a clue
 Seriously ? This product is real . Wow . I think that if you would follow the cues of your baby them why on earth would you need this ...
 Ok first of my son is now 3 yrs old . and he 's the only child i have . I never needed no self timer thing ma bob . U go by ur babys cues . even if ur tired and sleep deprived . This litttle gadget is just another way of getting money out of new parents . when honeslty they do n't need it . do u think that back in the day parents needed things like these . . NO . . Sorry but i think it 's silly . save ur money . and let ur motherly instincts do the work for u. . A baby is way easier to take care of then a 3 yr old toddler . and even then i dont need no timer for him . .
 My wife and I recently had twins , figuring that we were going to have a very difficult time remembering feedings and diaper changes we purchased this product.The problem is that while this product sounds very useful , due to it being very limited in functionality and configuration , it is almost useless.We ended up writing everything in a small journal , as we could not perform ANY of the following with the Itzbeen-1 -RRB- Report a feeding that occured in the past - I fed the baby 30 min ago .2 -RRB- Set when you would like the alarm to go off - after 3 , 3.5 , or 4 hours are the various intervals we needed as the girls gained weight .3 -RRB- View the history of past feeding , she only the last feeding .4 -RRB- Record how much the baby actually ate - especially important when feeding from a bottle .5 -RRB- Record when the baby peed/pooped . While we did not spend a fortune on this device , I would have liked to use it for something else other than a paperweight , which is the best use I found for it so far.I would not recommend buying this product , unless you do not know how to right and believe you will immidiately run to press on the appropriate button , every time you perform one of the relevant baby activities it is designed to record .
 WASTE OF MONEY ! Get a mobile app instead for FREE.I got this as a gift , but then i ended up using my phone 's app , because my phone is always on me and this thing is too bulky , I do n't have enough hands to carry it around with me from room to room .
 I was so excited to use this before my baby was born , but when my husband and I tried to set it up , we could n't figure out how to use it , it was very confusing and the instructions were not helpful . We sent it back and happy we did because even if we could figure out how to use it , I breastfeed on demand so needing to know when to nurse again did n't matter .
 I kinda liked the product when I first opened it but it broke on day 2 . Disappointed . If it doesnt brake for anyone , just like someone else wrote on the review , memory function will be a huge plus . I still got confused when was the last I fed , changed diaper , and how long baby slept and etc. .
 Here 's all the timer simply does
 I bought this timer when I first started caring for my grandchild thinking it was hard to remember when she last ate and slept.By the time I tried it I found I really did n't need it . I kept it as a timer for my other grandchildren to keep computer use limited and fair . I should have sent it back but I have used it so kept it .
 I was very excited to get my Itzbeen timer up and running and just put the batteries in . The clip on the back just snapped off as it does n't really seem to allow enough room to get the three AAA batteries in . I do n't know how much I would have actually used a belt clip but I know it would have been helpful in the diaper bag or my purse - to make it easier to find . A little dissapointing .
 My mom bought this for me and when I first saw it I thought it would be incredibly useful . I started using it right when I brought the baby home from the hospital . within a couple of days the clip broke off the back . Then I realized that whenever I needed it , it was always in the other room . Plus , it was aggravating that it has no way to store data . So I still had to write stuff down if I wanted to keep track . Within 2 weeks , this thing was forgotten about and I was using the feed baby pro app that cost $ 1.99 . I recommend that app to all my mama friends who rave about it and this thing is long ago in the trash . Since I 've always got my phone , I 'm not juggling another electronic . Plus the app stored all the data since I bought it and I can sync the data between devices ! The app has diaper , breastfeeding , formula , sleeping , pumping , growth , and solid food trackers and many different charts and graphs to see what your baby does day to day . It 's so much more useful than this expensive piece of junk !!!
 We got this timer as a gift and it just simply is n't needed . At least not for us . We never really used this other than to use the light on it as a flashlight to check on our son as a newborn .
 I was certain this was going to be a lifesaver but I 've realized its not . I mostly just use it for flashlight mode.In the beginning when your baby is eating every 2-2 .5 hours , you 'll know when your baby is hungry . You 'll also likely remember when they went to sleep and when you changed their diaper.I dont know if maybe this is more useful if you have multiples ? Just not sure why everyone thinks you need it .
 I bought this product thinking it would be very helpful to get into a routine of changing and feeding . I wanted to know how long our son slept and be reminded of the last time I fed or changed him . I thought it would be good for caregivers to know the last time he was fed or changed . It was a waste of money and time!There were several issues with this product
 Poorly made product ! Worked fine for the first 4 months and then started to have problems . First , the alarm started to fail . Now , I cant even adjust the time to get it right.By the way , this was my 2nd itzbeen in 5 months . The first one just did not display anything .
 Hi I bought this product and it is great if you are not asleep as long as you are awake you can here it but if you have a newborn and you need to wake up to feed them this will not help at all it is not loud enough and you will miss feeding your baby . Other than that it is a great product to keep you on tract .
 I received this as a gift and I think it lasted about a day and a half . I did n't want to carry it around with me , so obviously it became mostly useless for that fact alone . during the day , even though i was exhausted , I was able to remember the last time he ate . at night , i kept a notepad by my bed and just wrote down the time . It was much nicer to see a pattern written out than deal with this thing . after about 2 weeks , you really do n't need this , as baby is established and peeing and pooping enough , and your internal clock does most of the work . I also had a hard time remembering whether I switched the little breastfeeding button . Since I was dependent on it , instead of just trying to remember , then I would be really confused most of the time , wondering whether I remembered to switch it or not . I 've heard of moms just switching a pin on her bra , depending on where baby fed last . I 'll try that with my next . I think this is one of those items where you can truly say , `` moms have been doing it for centuries without it , and so can you '' . Just another first time mom marketing item , in my opinion .
 i thought it would be a great thing to have , i think it 's useless . you need to change the diaper as needed not in certain amount of hours , especially poopy ones . also it 's better to feed on demand . so this thing is left unused.plus mine just did n't work - the numbers were shown partially , so i could never figure out what number it was . it faded really quick .
 I thought this product would be good for communicating with the daycare provider . We could get an idea of when baby ate , slept and had a diaper change . I thought it would allow us to review a history of when these things happened so we could view baby 's schedule for the day . Instead it only shows how much time has passed since the last time those things happened . What a waste of money . Wish I could return it , but it came in that clamshell packaging that had to be cut open to get it out .
 I bought this item knowing we would need to keep track of our babies feedings and diaper changes for the doctor . This thing did not work out of the box ! Half of the LCD segments did not work , and you could not set the current time , or turn on or set any timers . Very poor manufacturing and quality . If they improved the product it would be worth it , but do n't waste your money ! If it was possible , I would rate this item as a ZERO !!! Fortunately Amazon has 100 % money back guarantee , including returning shipping costs . Thank you Amazon !
 This timer is a piece of junk . I would review it as minus 10 stars , if they 'd let me . We put in new batteries . The timer worked for five minutes and then shut down . We changed the batteries . Same thing . What good is a timer that keeps shutting down ? This item is worthless and is not of the quality one would expect from Amazon . I do n't really write reviews , but I wanted others to know that this thing is a piece of junk .
 I wish I would have read some of the negative reviews before buying this simply on the positive ones . This poorly built little device worked fine for almost 2 months before it just died . The display just went blank . Of course , my first thought was that the batteries were dead . After replacing them with new batteries , the display showed a bunch of partial digits , then faded away . If I paid 5 dollars , I probably would n't care as much . Before buying this , READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS , not just the positive ones .
 My baby ended up being her own baby care timer . I thought I was all prepared before she was born by having this thing to help out , but it was more of a pain to try to use . I was too busy trying to get on with just taking care of her to even use it for more than a week . And the settings kept resetting themselves anyway , which is SO FRUSTRATING on 2 hours sleep !! It was easier for us to just use pen and paper to write times down , no buttons to fiddle with , no wrong times .
 Bought this at Babies R us and like many other reviews I just read the display does n't function properly and I ca n't set the clock . I 've tried changing the batteries and that 's not it . I will be returning it to the store . Not sure if I 'll try a second , but based on the reviews , if I do I wo n't leave the parking lot until I 've tested it . Update 1/27 - I tried another one , again at Babies R us and that one had the same problem - the display does n't work . It 's a good concept , but I would not recommend it unless you 're getting it for yourself and have the patience to go thru many until you find one that does work and then keep your fingers crossed that it lasts while you need it .
 For those of you who are first time parents and get lured into all of these gadgets and gizmos that you convince yourself you need ... I can tell you that you do not need this . I actually bought this when I was expecting my second child . Stupid me . This timer is basically just a clock . It tells you how long it has been since the last feeding , nap , diaper change , etc. . I will let you in on a secret ... it does not matter if you fed your baby 10 minutes ago or 10 hours ago , if he/she is hungry , it needs to be done again . Same goes for a diaper . Who cares if my timer says I changed a diaper 10 minutes ago ? The baby pooped , it needs to be done again.What you will need is a pen and paper to write down how many feedings and wet diapers your baby produces each day . Does n't matter what time these happen really , just need to write down that they happened . It is really important to monitor that the baby is properly nourished , especially in the beginning . This device does not help at all because there is not a daily memory tool . Our Itzbeen Timer is in the bottom of a basket in my baby 's dresser never to see the light of day again .
 I bought this product when my twins were first born and it was helpful . It takes some of the hassle out of keeping track . HOWEVER , it has many limitations . It 's bulky , takes batteries , and I was disappointed by the lack of other tracking options . There were times that I 'd find myself jotting down other notes w pen and paper because Itzbeen could n't keep track of everything that I needed it to . A friend recommended that I download an app called `` Total Baby '' on my Ipod -LRB- $ 4.99 -RRB- . With it I can track feeding , sleeping , diapers , baths , milestones , growth charts , medication , doctor visits , etc. . I mean EVERYTHING ! I can even write additional notes if I need to . I can even track multiple children with one device . If you have an Ipod/Iphone GET THIS APP BEFORE YOU SPEND A DIME ON THIS PRODUCT . It is a must have and blows the Itzbeen out of the water . I wanted to share because I wish I would have heard about the app before I spent money on Itzbeen . Good Luck !
 I thought this was useful until I discovered the BabyConnect app for iphone . That is much more versatile and lets me keep track of only one device -LRB- my phone -RRB- .
 Great concept , but I have not used this once because I find that my smart phone app is easier to use and has more features . If you have a smart phone , I highly recommend skipping this product and just using your phone -LRB- which you are going to have on you at all times anyway -RRB- .
 We absolutely NEVER used this once . I would seriously recommend just getting an app on your phone that does all this and more . This may be great for folks who do n't have smart phones , or whose spouses take equal amount of watch time with little one , but I am more with our daughter than my husband , so I just use the app on my phone which will track everything over time and show trends , etc. .
 in my iphone , ipad , ipod and android , its called similac baby , and it has it all and it works for me and i dont have to keep up with a different device and is the best app for this and its free . hope this helps
 Have n't had a chance to use it with our babies yet because they have n't arrived yet . But within a few minutes of getting the product the clip on mechanism is already broken . The plastic that holds the metal clip in place is so flimsy it broke almost instantly . I barely put any pressure on it to open it and it snapped . I thought about returning it but doubted I would be using the clip anyway so I will just keep it as is . I will update my review once I have used the timer more . I gave it two stars due to the cheapness of that design .
 Would have loved it , but it 's not rugged enough to survive being dropped , and let 's face it ... a sleep-deprived mom is going to drop it at least once . Was a great tool while it lasted . Now that it 's stopped working it 's just a waste of money .
 I 'm sure that this product works fine . I bought it thinking I would use it , but ended up returning . If you have a smart phone -LRB- and most everyone does anymore -RRB- there is an app you can download that tracks and handles the exact same thing . Try iBaby . And since you never go anywhere without your phone , it keeps you from juggling a million things when your hands are already full . Do n't get me wrong , you 'll need to track this info for the first couple of weeks , but after your little one starts peeing , pooping , and getting into a routine , you 'll stop obsessing over tracking this stuff and wo n't use it anymore . Much nicer to remove a free app from your phone than have yet another thing to store , donate , or get rid of .
 I bought this timer for my newborn baby to record feedings/sleeping . I 've used it for 1 week , but today it fell from my rocking chair to the floor and now the screen is completly cracked and the timers do not work . My chair seat is about 18 inches from the floor.It 's a great idea , timing your feeding and sleeping , but buy a different brand or download an app on your phone . This product is cheaply made and not durable through standard usage .
 Update : I returned this one too , because the spring broke , and after that a handle broke . . Dohh . . quality is terrible . . No more Itzbeen baby care timers for me!UPDATEI got a replacement and sent my item back . Returns are really easy . That 's great ! New item is working great until now -LRB- 3 days -RRB- ! original -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- : I like the idea very much - it 's really hard to remember everything in first weeks/months - how long ago he ate , how long he slept . . it 's important information ! So I bought it ! And few hours after opening a package Itzbeen the * and last bottons are not working . So sad !! I 'm still using it , but be aware that Itzbeen bought in Amazon might not work , so better buy it in Walmart or somewhere you can return it easily .
 This thing was ok while it worked , but it was a novelty and not a convenience . For starters , it was a pain to keep carrying around . When you are a frazzled mom , it 's just one more thing to remember and to keep track of . I did n't like clipping it to my clothes because it would either fall off or I 'd accidentally bump it and reset a timer . Then , during a middle-of-the-night feeding , I went to drop a bottle in some warm water to warm it up and forgot which hand had the bottle and which one had the timer . That was the end of the timer .
 I had high hope for this gadget when I registered it on Amazon . After giving birth to my baby , I found this thing does not do all the things I need it to . I had to use it in addition to a baby tracker . Finally I found an app on my iphone called log4baby , it costs nothing and does everything this time does and a lot more ! Do n't waste your money on this any more !
 This was a cute ideal but in the end I felt it was a total waist of money . It was taking more time for my wife to set it then actually being happy using it . The product is so much smaller than it looks in the photos and that makes the numbers so small and the buttons too . The sound is so quiet that it would n't wake her to know it was time or she was in another room and I would come hom and it has been ringing for a couple hours because she did n't hear it . It is a gimmick and not a necessity or even a help like we believed it might be when we ordered it . Save the money and buy some more diapers !!!
 Pros : Easy to useReally convenient for reminder alarms -LRB- like every 3 hrs for feeding -RRB- Cons : The backlight lights for only a few seconds , not long enough when you 're fumbling around in the darkNeed to reset timers immediately to get accurate times , not always easy when both hands are occupied with a fussy babyNight light is not large enough to be useful for changing diapers in the darkI gave up using this device after a couple days . The doctors/nurses are much more concerned with how many times the newborn baby has fed and how many diapers in a day than with how long it 's been since the last occurrence . I found myself having to write down all that information which defeated the purpose of using the timer . In the hospital , the nurses had me fill out a daily log sheet . At home , I 've downloaded Baby ESP -LRB- $ 4 -RRB- for my android smart phone . The software provides all the same features as the timer and lets me track feeding times , left and right sides , pee and poo diapers and medicine , either with real-time timers -LRB- like Itzbeen -RRB- or with manual entries after the fact .
 What I like least about the device is that it only knows when something happened the LAST time . It does not help you answer the pediatrician questions how often the diapers are full , or how often baby eats , or how long baby sleeps in total . If you have an iphone or ipod touch , buy the applet sleepyhead from tv-apathy . It tracks everything , is easy to use , gives nice overviews , provides useful history , and is not another piece of techtoy that will only be useful for a short time ...
 My timer was defective in that LED screen for the top function -LRB- the diaper change button -RRB- was not complete ... meaning you could not discern the digits -LRB- was it an 8 or 0 ? -RRB- . Otherwise , the other functions worked and I was able to see how much time elapsed . Overall , though I stopped using the timer fairly quickly for a few reasons .1 . I had a newborn and when she was yelling/screaming crying for her bottle or permanently attached to my breast ... I just forgot to press that button to start the timer over .2 . For some reason , I envisioned a product that would not only keep time between feedings , diaper changes , etc. but would also keep track of the sleep time during the day , etc. or the number of diaper changes & feedings per day . BUT it only tells how much time has elapsed from the your last feeding , changing etc. . Maybe I am asking too much , but I do n't see what differentiates this product from a multi-use timer . It 's essentially several times on one device . Overall , it is a good but for all the raving reviews I just expected more.I came back and edited this review because I wanted to add that they company has fabulous customer service . I emailed the company to inquire about getting a replacement for the timer . The president of the company emailed me back promptly on a Sunday asking for my address . He did not ask me to send back the defective timer and must have shipped the replacement priority or overnight because I received the replacment in no time .
 I thought this would be incredibly helpful once our baby was born , but ended up using the Total Baby app on my iphone instead . The app is much more user friendly with an intuitive interface . In contrast , I had to read the manual for the itzbeen twice and still could n't make sense of it . I thought the nightlight would come in handy , but it is a glaring LED light that was disruptive both to our baby and my sleeping husband . There is a blue background light that 's much more innocuous , but it only stays on for a few seconds at a time . Overall , I found this to be a non-essential item . Now I just use it as a clock next to the glider where I breastfeed . HIGHLY recommend the Total Baby app if you have an iphone , ipad or itouch !
 I bought this product and used it quite a bit for the first 4 weeks , mostly for feeding . It has 4 timers -LRB- feeding , diaper , sleeping , and other -RRB- , the clip is nice and it 's small enough to throw in the diaper bag . When you are out of your mind tired , look at the timer and realize it 's been 3 hours and that 's a hunger cry , it 's great . BUT ... it could be so much better.Pros
 I used this timer for the first few days with my newborn before realizing it does n't keep track of the things you really need - if you are feeding your baby on demand , then you really should be keeping track of how many feeds and how many diapers , not the interval . I downloaded an app for my iphone for $ 4.99 which does all this and more , which if I had known earlier would have saved me some $ $ . I now use this as a nightlight because I have no other use for it .
 We did use this for the first couple of weeks until we got tired of replacing batteries every day . It goes through batteries WAY , WAY too fast . It does track useful things but , as other reviewers have mentioned , it only tracks when something happened the LAST time . It does not help you answer the pediatrician questions -LRB- how many times a day baby poops & pees , how often baby eats , how long baby sleeps -RRB- . Either get an app for your phone OR do what we did and put a big white board in a central location in your home , divide into columns , and just make tally marks . Save your money !
 i used this for my first child and when it came time to use it again 18 months later only a portion of each number was working making it useless !
 I was excited to receive my Itzbeen baby care timer at my baby shower . I had read the reviews and was convinced it would be very useful . Well , it is about as useful as 4 stopwatches . It does not carry any memory for previous entries so it does not replace a log like it says in the descripton . Also , my Itzbeen would lose all data once a day or so . I returned it to Amazon and am waiting for my refund for a defective product .
 Greatest invention ever ! It helps me and my husband especially to stay on track with feeding and diaper changes ! Great buy !!!! Unfortunately after not even 4 weeks the device started to have issues . First one button stopped working and then one after another to the point where the device was no longer functional and programmable . We changed the batteries twice , but nothing helped ! So it was great while it lasted ! I now just use the timer on my phone . TIP
 My advice is to wait a few days before purchasing this item , to see if you really need it.The quality of the product is just fine , but the functionality is pointless . I thought -LRB- prior to having my baby -RRB- that I would need reminding of how long it had been since he was changed , fed , put down for a nap , etc. . . which turned out to be completely not true . I never wonder if enough time had passed since feeding or changing or napping -- it does n't matter how much time has passed when your baby lets you know he is wet or hungry or sleepy ! Like many extraneous baby items that I purchased because I was so excited about my impending arrival , this item got zero usage .
 I figured that I 'd give this thing a try even though there seem to be a number of reviews that warn about the poor quality . Of course , I thought `` tha ` ts not going to happen to me '' . well , I was wrong x2 - seems to be tha magic number here ! 1st one I got , I put fresh batteries in and the screen was illegible , then completely faded out . the light never worked , nor did any of the buttons . I was disappointed so I rushed out to the baby mega store to purchase another . I had a devious plan to just put the broken one in the packaging from the superstore and return it to avoid having to ship it back , but much to my dismay , the one I purchased at the baby store fared only slightly better than the 1st ! This time the buttons worked and the light worked , but the screen was still illegible - like half of the numbers were invisible . So , all in all , I should have listened to all of those other reviewers who had gone before me . I say skip this piece of junk and avoid the hassle . This company should not be allowed to put out a product with such a high failure rate !
 After reading reviews and getting an idea of what this thing does , I decided this would have to be my first baby gadget . I loved the idea behind it and everybody that used it loved it to . I purchased mine from babies-r-us . When i got it home and started to play with it the display went out before I could even get the time set . As you can imagine I was very disappointed . I returned the bad one and exchanged it for a new one . This time it was bad as soon as I turned it on . Most of the display worked on this one but about 10 % of the characters would not show up . I even tried changing batteries several times in hopes that that would fix the problem . unfortunately it did not . The display seems to be a major problem . This time I just got my money back . So if you do decide to buy this thing I hope you have better luck than I do .
 One day after me and my wife came back from the hospital with our newborn daughter , we realized that we need to somehow track the time periods between the breastfeeding session . Quick check on Amazon has revealed this device and it looked pretty promising based on the reviews . With one eye half-open , using my phone , I have ordered the fastest possible overnight shipment . The item has arrived the very next day , in a nice packaging , brand new . But immediately after unpacking and installing the batteries -LRB- separate purchase by the way -RRB- , I realized that this is not going to work for us.This is my personal opinion , but product like this just does not make any sense . When you are waking up in the middle of the night , the first thing you need is an easy-to-see night watch/clock . Whereas this device is something you need to find and manually turn on . As well as you have to click those timer buttons every time you feed your baby . And since this product does not keep any sort of statistics , you still need to maintain records elsewhere . -LRB- And , believe me , even being very tired , you still will be able to figure out the next feeding time - the baby will either start crying even before that , or you will take a look at the night watch and calculate that 3h difference -RRB- . Neither this device will help you to make sure that the intervals are not longer than 3h -LRB- unless you check it regularly there is no recurring alarm function -RRB- . Bottom line
 It never worked correctly for my daughter & son in law . They tried several times to figure it out ... way too complicated for a timer .
 My brother thoughtfully got us this timer , but honestly we 've never had much reason to use it .
 Lo us&eacute; 1 semana y despues me olvide que exist&iacute;a . Es una esclavitud estar checando los horarios , tienes que tener una vida !!! No lo recomiendo para nada .
 I thought I would use this and just had to have it . It might be good if you do n't have an iphone with an app because I found it was good to keep track of things in the early months . The app I found for free on my phone worked even better though because it kept a log of what had been happening from day one .
 Okay ... when you first bring your baby home , the hospital breastfeeding consultants have you writing down everything . The tiime between diaper changes , wet and dirty , breastfeeding , then you may want to know how long the baby is sleeping , so this contraption seems cool . The internal light -LRB- blue -RRB- broke after a month , and by time the baby is a month old ... these times are irrelevant . I still use the night light though .
 ABSOLUTELY USELESS . This is what the item does
 I got this and used it for 2 months before discovering the iPhone app `` Baby Connect '' which does the same thing plus TONS of extra features.This app is $ 4.99 but it 's worth way more ! It tracks daily information about your baby
 My husband and I are gadget lovers , in fact this item is on my wish list but I will remove it . Last night I told him he should develop an app as a nursing log , and tonight I realize that actually there are a few . I just downloaded a free one that works on my iphone/ipad and does exactly what the itzbeen does but it does keeps a record , lets me imput whar breast or -LRB- if -RRB- bottle was used , what kind of diaper was changed and keeps a log of sleeping times . There several apps that work with android and even one free for any computer . Do not waste your money if you have any kind of smart phone or tablet .
 I bought this when I was shopping for my unborn baby . He is almost 10 months and I can honestly tell you that I tried to use this product , but it was unnecessary for me and my husband . The concept is great , to electronically time all of these various things -LRB- naps , feedings , diaper changes , etc -RRB- , but it is not as efficient as it seems.Firstly , the battery life is not good . It just eats batteries , even when it is doing nothing . Secondly , even if your newborn has ate just an hour ago and has napped long before that time , it does not mean that your baby is not hungry . This concept applies to diaper changes , feedings , naps , etc. -RRB- The only real indicator is your baby ... and believe me when I tell you that your newborn will find a way to tell you what he or she wants . Also , since you have n't recorded how long it has been that your baby last slept or how much your baby has last ate -LRB- particularly if you are using formula or bottled breast milk -RRB- , this product really falls short.Honestly , I wanted to love this and use this like some other parents say they had , but it was one of those completely unnecessary purchases we made hoping to make life with a baby easier . This product was frustrating.Me and my husband found that it was easier and more efficient to simply use a notepad . We wear watches , so we just recorded the time of each activity -LRB- i.e. what time baby went to sleep and how long he slept , what time baby ate and how much he ate -RRB- . This product does n't have a log , so you could n't possibly look back on the activity throughout the day or week and measure how much baby has been eating and sleeping . It is just a set of different timers.I would not buy this product again and I can not recommend it to anyone . I think the standard notepad is the best option.Also , another option that I think would be great for this purpose is an iphone/ipod / Smartphone APP called the Similac Smartmoms Baby Journal . It is completely free to download onto any device that reads APPS . It has all the same functions of this device but includes pictures as well as a chance to mark how full baby 's diaper was at his last change . Also , it keeps a log of all these activities for a very long time and greats graphs to determine trends . Technology is so great these days . Go on similac.com/app to check it out . I only found out about this app when my son was already 6 months old and I do n't really use it , but I think it would be great for new parents and especially better than the Itzbeen Baby Care Timer . Good Luck and Congrats to all you new parents !
 We were advised to buy a little notebook to keep track of all of this , it was very easy but I did n't like it . So I bought one of these about 3 days after my son was born . The notebook did a much better job . We just kept it next to his changing pad with a clock and we right down the time in whatever column . This device seemed like it would be great but it just does n't hold enough info , or have options . It 's too simple . I wasted my money .
 Revision
 this is my first time reviewing a product . I was hoping this stroller would work for my family . I have a 5 yr old son and a 3 yr old daughter . We are pass holders to disneyland and go there quite often . we have a Graco Duoglider double stroller that was a joy but now a pain . So i started using my old single stroller but found my 5 yr old could n't handle walking as much as he thought he could-this stroller seemed much nicer than the sit and stand by Baby Trend but once it arrived-it was missing washers that belonged on the back wheels . I assembled it anyway only to find that my lil girl did n't seem so lil in the front seat-she made the foot stand bend -LRB- it is a hanging plastic foot stand and not the solid one that usually attaches to the frame -RRB- and the seat was too short in the length making it uncomfortable to put the belt on ... the other thing that bothered me was the fact that the tray needs to be removed completely to get the child in and out of the seat . It still seems like a good stroller but probably better for a new baby and up to 4 years old and not a 3 and 5 year old . I am returning the stroller . Plan on looking into the buggy board attachments .
 I bought this stroller for my 21/2 year old twin boys who have outgrown their Graco DuoGlider . My son who sat on the back jump seat looked somewhat comfortable but there is no back/head rest . My son who sat in the front seat was very uncomfortable ! His feet kept touching the wheels and the seat is VERY shallow ! I would only recommend this stroller for short rides and the front seat only for infants .
 The wheels lock when I put it into my SUV and its hard to get the stroller in . When I get it out of the trunk and lay it on the ground , the food tray is directly on the ground and I have a hard time trying not to let that happen . The pockets in the infant seat are way too small . Its very hard to push when both kids are in it . The baby doesnt seem to confortable when she falls asleep . My toddler seems to like it , but I honestly wish I never purchased it . I wish I had n't given away my Graco stroller .
 THE NEW BABY TREND LX SIT N STAND AT TARGET IS THE BEST !!!!!! FOR $ 30 LESS THAN THIS ONE WITH ADDED BONUS ' !! HERE IS MY REVIEW AT TARGET.COM FOR THAT ONE - Ok , so I finally got to use this stroller for the first time today . I could n't decide between the Joovy and this one at first but this one is definately the best !!! First of all the Joovy has way less room for a child to sit or stand in the back , it does n't have cupholder , and it is nearly impossible to get to the basket ! Now I 'm reading here that people are having a hard time getting to the basket in this new Sit N Stand BUT ... if u read the instructions or the box or just look at the stroller u will see that this new sit n stand version has easy side access to the basket . Just unsnap the snap on the side of the basket and there it is ! All the access to the basket u need.After using this stroller today and I can not find NOTHING bad to say about it at all . I love everything about it like ... * PARENT TRAY AND CUPHOLDERS * PLENTY OF ROOM FOR MY 42LB 3 YEAR OLD TO SIT OR STAND * MY GRACO INFANT SEAT FITS PERFECT ON THE FRONT -LRB- IT FITS MOST INFANT CARSEATS -RRB- * EASY SIDE ACCESS TO THE BASKET * MY SON CAN BE EITHER SITTING DOWN STRAPPED IN -LRB- 3 POINT HARNESS -RRB- OR STANDING WITH A STRAP BEHIND HIM * WEIGHT LIMIT FOR STROLLER IS NOT TO EXCEED 90LBS TOTAL -LRB- NO WEIGHT LIMIT PER SEAT -RRB- LIKE OTHER TANDEMS * FOLDS DOWN FLAT * ONE HAND FOLD * EASY TO ASSEMBLE - JUST SNAP THE WHEELS ON AND GO !
 I soon as I saw this stroller I fell in love with it . I have 2 kids . My son is 3 and my daughter is 1 . I have a Graco Duo Glider and my son does not always like to ride it anymore he prefers to walk . So this would have been perfect for when he gets tired of walking . The only problem is that the max height for standing child is 40 inches . My son is already 41 inches . I have read reviews with people saying they put there 4 year old in them . Maybe my son is tall for his age ?
 I bouth this stroller hoping to solve my problem with getting around with and active 3 year old and a new born . Big mistake !! I hate this stroller . Its too heavy , bulky and not easy to steer . The feature where you can fit just about any baby seat in front is great but the child in the back is not that comfortabe as he/she does not have enough space to sit . The back seat for older child does not lock so they are moving alot to get comfortable . I had to have the front seat not recline at all to give my three year old more room to sit and that made my child in a very akward position , as I couldnt recline the seat back to give my older child more room to sit in the back.This stroller weighs too much . I am a 5 foot woman and find it very heavy to put inside the trunk of my car or truck . Its also bulky and I have to take the canopy and the bars in front that hold the baby car seat off and on every time I use it cause its hard to fit in the trunk of my car ! The bars at front that hold baby car seat in place are also very hard to take off . I often need help to get this off before I can pack the stroller back into my car !! I do n't recomed this unless you are a very strong person who does n't mind spening a long time putting kids in/out and having to take it apart and pushing a bulky heavy stroller around !!!!!
 This stroller is one of the highest rated and best selling on Amazon . Was hoping it would be our next perfect stroller for my three year old and his on-the-way baby brother . Assembly was easy , but then I noticed several annoying things . Most of which I was aware of before I purchased -LRB- like the lack of a parent tray -RRB- but I did n't think they would bother me . Well , they did . The front seat is n't very deep , as others have said , but that comes with the territory of a double stroller this size . It takes two hands to snap the front tray on and off - I 'm used to and really liked the trays that swing open from one side . The worst was how uncomfortable my son seemed riding in the back of stroller . He 's tall for his age - but still under the height limit of 44inches . He could n't sit on the bench seat with the canopy open over the front without it hitting him in the head . Also would 've liked a canopy for him too . But the worst part is the space you lose when you recline the front seat to install an infant seat up front . My son was leaning forward on the very edge of the bench seat ... and even told me he did n't like it . Also the storage basket underneath the stroller extends out from the back a little taking up space on the standing platform . Again , did n't seem very comfortable for my son - but maybe just a bad fit for us . Really wanted to love this Joovy stroller ... relatively light weight , innovative design , SUPER easy to maneuver , but it just did n't work for us .
 I purchased this specifically for a trip to Disney . I wanted a double stroller my 3 and 5 year old could easily climb off and on . We removed the tray so the front rider could get in and out unassisted . The other child rode on the jumpseat in the back . The cargo storage is tiny and hard to access when a child is seated in the back . It 's not that easy to access even when the stroller is unoccupied . The jumpseat did not slide easily on its tracks . The front seat does not fully recline . For us , that was not a huge issue , but if you were using this as a daily stroller with your child , it could be very inconvenient when a baby was napping . The front seat was not very deep , meaning that the rider 's bottom had very little depth to sit on . This put their legs at an awkward angle in order for their feet to rest on the footrest . The footrest was too high , not adjustable , and not large enough to even rest a three year old 's foot on . The folding mechanism was easy to work . The stroller does n't weigh much and folds away to nothing as double strollers go . I consider both of those a plus for travel purposes . The handle does not adjust in height . I missed the adult cup holders of most new strollers . The stroller was difficult to push and steer in most circumstances . We were navigating the crowds at the parks at Disney and at times its lack of maneuverability was very annoying.Overall , I would HATE this stroller as a daily user . For a trip to Disney , it was sufficient though not perfect . For the price , keep looking !!
 I was so excited to purchase this stroller , but am now so disappointed in the product . My son is a large -LSB- ... -RSB- and I have a -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter . I thought this stroller would be the solution to take walks and attend functions with my two kids . But , there are two major problems with this stroller . 1 . -RRB- When using my daughters Graco car seat in the front seat , the front seat must be reclined so far that my son has to sit straight upright in a very uncomfortable position . 2 . -RRB- There is no sun protection for my little boy when he is on the sit and stand seat . These are two factors that I did n't even think about before making this purchase . My brand new never used stroller is sitting in my basement storage room.Don ' t make the same mistake I made . Buy a regulare double stroller or a double jogging stroller .
 I know people love their Joovy strollers . But I am not a fan . The color is great but that 's about the only thing I like . I have a 2 year old , 5 year old that stands on it for long walks and an 11 week old . Here 's my list of cons : - The canopy is too low for a sitter on the back of the stroller . My 2 year old is too tall and he 's not a tall kid.-The seat on the back slides back and forth too easily , so as we are walking he 's sliding further back . The standing platform is half way covered by the useless basket.-You ca n't adjust how far the basket sticks out so their legs rest against the basket when standing . The basket is almost impossible to stick even a small purse in let alone a diaper bag.-The handle has no cup holders and if you hang a bag from the handle it smacks my kids in the face . The handle is not very ergonomic , is very high and is not adjustable for someone that is short like me.-The wheels in front are too accessible for my son 's feet . He drags his feet on the wheels -LRB- being a 2 year old -RRB- and at one point his shoe was pulled off when he did it . That just seems really unsafe.-I think the reason he can reach is the front seat is not deep enough . That actual seat bottom is very small and he can sit too far up . The crotch strap is pulled taunt just to keep his bottom on the seat.-The infant car seat holder does not feel secure at all . There are straps to use but that is the only thing preventing the car seat from coming out if you hit a bump . There is nothing that locks the seat in place . It just sits in a cradle like attachment and then uses fabric straps with buckles.-I am not at all convinced my infant will be able sit in the front seat without being in the carseat until he 's like 8-12 months old . This leads to the next...-Here 's my final and biggest complaint
 Eight years ago , when our oldest was 5 and our second-born was 1 , we bought the original Sit and Stand Deluxe . At the time , we thought the world of it -- the baby could sit up or recline in the front , while our kindergartner could stand and see everything as we strolled , and could sit when he grew tired.We now have a 3 year old with a baby due in two months , and we knew we would need another double-style stroller -LRB- our original Sit and Stand was garage-sale fodder years ago -RRB- . At Babies R Us I immediately headed to the Stand On Tandem Stroller , remembering how well this worked for our oldest two . We learned very quickly that it does NOT work for an active toddler/preschooler . Among the problems :1 . The front seat does not fully recline ; it only partially reclines . The baby would have to be able to sit comfortably before being able to use the stroller .2 . The adapter that supposedly accepts all infant car seats did not accept either the Evenflo infant seat or the Graco SnugRide infant seat that we tried at the store . The sales associate also could not get the SnugRide to lock onto the stroller .3 . When the front seat is in the reclined position , the back of the seat takes up all the room in the rear where the older child would be sitting .4 . When the front seat is in the reclined position , it is virtually impossible to access the storage basket beneath the seat .5 . When an older child is seated , the storage basket is inaccessible .6 . If your older child is tired , there is nowhere for him or her to sit comfortably or supported -- just the narrow little bench .7 . With our 3 year old seated on the bench and nothing in the front where a baby would sit , this stroller did not steer very easily . With our 3 year old seated in the front , this stroller still did not steer very easily .8 . The standing platform with handgrips does work well , but let 's face it . Two to three year olds get tired or bored of being in the same position very quickly , and then they either have to sit on the bench -LRB- provided the front seat is not reclined -RRB- or they have to be carried or they must walk . We tried to convince our 3 year old to go for a ride standing up , and he lasted all of 3 minutes before he started fidgeting and letting go of the handholds , creating a safety issue . The standing platform should work well for a preschooler/older child , but forget it for the 2 - to 3-year-old set .9 . A minor detail , but there is no storage stray or cupholder for the parent.Yes , it is very lightweight and folds compactly when compared to other double strollers , but the negatives far outweigh the positives . We went with the Graco Duoglider instead , and strongly recommend to any parents considering this stroller that they go to a Babies R Us store and actually try it out before purchasing it .
 I was so excited to find this stroller when I was pregnant with my 2nd child , but it 's been such a pain to use , I 've been looking for a replacement now that I 'm expecting my third . The stroller was nearly impossible to maneuver on sidewalks -- to the point that my mother injured her wrist while taking the boys for short walks around the neighborhood during a visit . It 's so difficult , I 've really only used it a few times in nearly 3 years . It actually makes me grumpy when I try to use it . I 've heard that the newer Joovy models have made many improvments , but I would not recommend this particular one . Terrible .
 - It 's a heavy stroller and does n't fold up easy . The worst thing that your toddler will not fit in the rear seat , my 3 years old daughter had to bend forward all the time when she sat down .
 I have a newborn and a 3.5 year old so thus far I have only used this with the infant car seat - but I do n't like it at all . It is SO BIG and HEAVY . Its ridiculous feeling and so hard to push around . Also the seat in the back slides which is just annoying ... I really wish I could return this item but I used it a few times . I am hoping to get more use out of it when my infant is grown . I am going to have to start lifting weights so I can get it in and out of the car with ease . I recommend spending the extra money for something lighter .
 I was looking for a stroller that I could carry a 8 month old and 18 month old . The back is uncomfortable and the 18 month old does n't like it . But , I will say they said it was for an older child in the back ... . But , its bulky and heavy to lift in the car and its wider than my car so its a bit difficult to put in . I have a Mazda prodege wagon ... The lower basket is hard to get to to put your things ... the hood gets in the way ... I was disappointed : -LRB-
 We 've been using our Joovy Caboose for a couple of weeks now for my 13 month old and 3 year old . I was disappointed with it even though I knew about some of its negatives before buying it -LRB- for eg . toddler ca n't nap in his seat -RRB- . My biggest problem is with the footrest , it is a complete disaster and frankly should be done away with ! My 1 year old is of avg height , but his feet are always dangling down from the footrest , it is too small for him and inconvenient to put his feet on them . At least one time his shoe seemed to drag into the front wheel before I caught it in time.My other big problem is that the front seat is not deep enough . My 1 year old seems to be constantly slipping down and hanging on his crotch with the seat belt.The other problem is that the back seat keeps sliding up and down , making it unsafe for the toddler sitting behind.It still has a few positives being more compact than the other double strollers out there , not too difficult to steer . And it looks great , I love the color . My 3yr old loves his little seat at the back , not so much a fan of standing though !
 Hello - It looks like more than 150 people have reviewed this stoller already , so I 'll keep this brief . Hopefully the engineers at Joovy are reading our feedback here ... I am disappointed in this stroller and am confused why it received such consistently high ranks on Amazon . The truth , I think , is in the reviews that get 3 stars or fewer.My biggest complaint is that the sitting/standing toddler area is poorly designed . That is , when a car seat is in the front , the rear-facing toddler chair-back has to be pushed down to a roughly 70-degree angle . Our guy ca n't sit in there . It looks ludicrous.Worse , when he is sitting in there , two bright red levers are in plain view that invite near-constant pushing . What are they ? THE BRAKES ! How many times do we walk down a busy sidewalk starting and stopping because those red levers are just too much fun?I have minor complaints , too , about the `` universal '' mounting system for the infant car-seat , but I 'm sure other people have delved into that already.Sigh . We spent a lot of $ on this stroller . I have to give it just 2 stars because it fails at its key purpose , which is enabling an infant and a toddler to share a stroller.-g
 I have two boys ages 4 and 2.5 years . I purchased the Joovy Tandem in hopes both boys would be comfortably transported . The stroller is heavier than I expected - mainly because it is very sturdy , very solid . The footrest for the forward riding child is much too short for my 2.5 year olds legs . His feet hang over and get caught on the wheels . I tried placing the footrest in the up position , but it is easily moved back down - by my toddler ! He figured out how to move the footrest the first time he rode in this stroller . This was not what I was expecting . It also takes up a tremendous amount of space in the back of our vehicle -LRB- a mid-size SUV -RRB- . I had to remove the canopy to get it to fit in the cargo area .
 I just tried this stoller in the store and I have to say I was very disappointed . The concept is great , but they still have some work to do . The seat in back for the older child slides back and forth . Also , there really isnt much room to sit comfortably . My3 year old daughter , who is little and only weighs 26 lbs , did n't have much room . She had to lean forward when she was sitting . I asked her if she liked it and she said no , she wanted out . Also , who wants to sit facing backwards . All she has to look at is me!It really was n't much better in the standing position either . Even though I know she really might not want to use it that often I would rather pay the same money and get the Graco double stoller . At least then when she wants to sit she can do so comfortably . When I put her in the Graco double stoller , she did not want to get out . She asked me to please take her for a ride around the store .
 My kids are 32 months apart and this stroller did not work well for us . My 2 year old hated sitting in the back seat . The front seat poked her in the back when the car seat was in it , she hated riding backwards and she had no where to nap if she was tired ... running errands was awful !! The carseat converter was hard to take on and off -LRB- I pinched my fingers all the time -RRB- . The front seat hardly reclines and is not soft at all ... which means no napping in this stroller ! It is bulky and heavy . I sold it after 6 months and bought the maclaren twin triumph stroller -LRB- which I love -RRB- .
 On my first use , the stroller restraining strap stitching started to unravel . This curtailed the use of the back portion of the stroller during the remainder of the trip -LRB- safety issue -RRB- . So , I proceeded to called the company about the possible exchange of the stroller . The warranty on the back of the instructions says `` satisfaction guaranteed '' . Apparently this is a small time operation because the same person handles all the customer service inquiries . The person is insistent on having everything repaired regardless what the warranty says . They do n't care who repairs the stroller stitching . They referred me to a shoe repair shop they never dealt with before . Apparently satisfaction guaranteed means repair at all costs even when you get a stroller with poor workmanship . It says something about the company . I would never buy a Joovy . Imagine what kind of service you get once you are out of warranty . Beware .
 This is a great concept for an innovative stroller . I love that my -LSB- ... -RSB- old can fit in the same stroller with out dragging out the double stroller . However , after using this stroller for 3 months , I returned it . There are several design flaws that were driving me crazy . First off , the front footrest was horrible . It has a flip-up design that does not allow my son 's legs to rest on anything when it was in the down position . The footrest had to either be up at all times or my child 's feet would flop over because there is no room for them . In addition , the front seat is very shallow and my son needed to be belted at all times or he would slide right out . Also , the tray is very difficult to remove and the stroller did n't break-down with ease -LRB- it was stuck opened several occasions -RRB- . So , therefore I returned it and found another brand -LRB- same style -RRB- with out any of the flaws .
 Where do I start ???? My 3 and 5 year old complained the whole time in it . Front foot rest too short , front seats can not recline when my daughter is in the back , Front tray does not come off easily , storage hard to get to , Stay away !!!! Sending back ...
 this item is ok , i was so excited after purchasing it , then when i received it i thought it was way too heavy , the description is that it 's light but in fact it is the opposite . it 's very heavy and takes up a lot of room . i read that it was convenient and light and fits very well , but in truth it does n't . it takes up too much room and is too heavy to tag around . it 's comfortable for my daughter and son but not what i expected .
 I got this stroller as a gift along with the baby trend sit and stand . When I put them both together it was clear which one was the better stroller . The Joovy leaves very little room for the toddler to sit once the car seat is in place . However the sit and stand has plenty of room along with cup holders for the parent and child as the child gets older . Even the person at babies r us said he returned is because of the same problem . I live in the city and need something that is n't as big as a double stroller .
 We just finished putting this stroller back in the box to return to the store . After speaking to a customer service rep from Joovy , I am even more disappointed . Our toddler is unable to sit in the back seat when the infant car seat is installed properly . When I asked their rep about this , he responded that kids were `` malleable '' meaning that my daughter would adjust to having to lean forward . Obviously he does not have kids . The rear seat also slides back and forth and does not have a locking mechanism . We have four children and have been through many strollers . The concept was what attracted us to this stroller but their design needs work !
 I got this item thinking that it was the best thing on the market . while it can be nice for short jaunts , it is not a good choice for long days at the zoo or other amusement park . the basket area is too small , we wound up having to tie things to the sides to keep them on . If the baby carrier is in the front , the child in back sits awkwardly . So we set the baby carrier on the back -LRB- somehow -RRB- , but this was an unsafe way -LRB- thank goodness the cart did n't get away from us , and you ca n't use the canopy if the baby carrier is in the front . Additionally , I do n't like that there is n't a real seat for the child in back . Again , this is a great stroller for short trips , but when your two year old gets tired ... they are not going to be able to sit comfortbly in the jump seat . I am going to shelve this stroller and purchase a sit and stand deluxe . The baskets are bigger , there is the second seat option for the child in back , and I think overall ... a better stroller .
 This is a great stroller for 1 child but not for 2It was impossible for my 2 year old to sit or stand in the back with my 1 month old riding in the front which I thought was the entire point of this strollerIt is only a good buy if both of your children are old enough to ride in the seats only the infant carrier part is completely useless !!!
 I have had this stroller for 3 years . It is heavy and ver hard to manuever once our children passed a year old . For two years I have been highly annoyed at having to fight with my stroller everyday . Now in year 3 I am having serious back issues - which I attribute largely to this stroller . Save your back and a lot of chiropractic $ $ $ . If you plan on doing a lot of walking or will be putting this stroller in/out of your trunk , buy yourself a good stroller that is easy to push and light enough to lift .
 I was so excited to have a sit and stand stroller for when my second baby arrived last September . I chose Joovy because it looked like it would last longer and I loved the color options . I have been so disappointed ! I hate the thing . My Husband and I do everything we can to avoid having to use it.It is horrible to push and does not handle well . If you are n't on a completely flat surface , the stroller drives right off the sidewalk . It is very hard to steer . The front wheels get caught on everything and have almost broken off when going off the edge of a sidewalk or over train tracks in a cross walk.The stroller really does not have user friendly features . The straps are hard to adjust and hard to release . The tray does not swing open and is very hard to remove . The infant car seat holder is hard to use . You have to really wedge the seat down to get the straps in place . The seat recline makes it uncomfortable for a child to sit in the back seat while the front seat is reclined . The canopy does not cover either child fully , when we were out in the rain I had it over my baby in the front seat and her legs and back still got wet , not to mention the child in back was soaked . When folded , the stroller pops open easily and takes up a lot of space end to end.We are trying to figure out how to get rid of our stroller without losing all the money on it so we can get a sit and stand that is easier to use and works better.Joovy Caboose Stand On Tandem Stroller , Orangetree
 I researched the purchase of this stroller quite a bit . I have to say , I am disappointed with the purchase .1 -RRB- If you put a car seat at the front of it , it is not comfortable for the toddler to sit at the back side . My son complains about it non-stop . If he stands , he is fine .2 -RRB- The stroller is heavy and oddly shaped , making it difficult to fit into car/closets ... but I was not too upset by this .3 -RRB- My husband and I went for a walk where there were some rocks on the road , not many . When I got home , there was a rock lodged into one of the wheels . I pulled it out as it was making it ride uneven , and there was a huge hole in the cheap wheel form this tiny rock .4 -RRB- The cloth on the stroller is fraying with only minimal use.Luckily , Amazon has great customer service !!!
 This is at least my 5th stroller and I am returning it . Even if the the wheel did n't break within the first couple of times using it , I would return it because though I like the concept of this stroller , it just falls short.I have a 2.5 year old toddler -LRB- boy -RRB- and a 6 mo. old infant -LRB- girl -RRB- . My intent was to use this stroller on an upcoming trip that would allow us to carry the infant in the snug ride car seat using the caboose attachment -LRB- sold separately -RRB- and then allow my toddler to sit or stand in the back when tired.Depending on the terrain and how loaded up the stroller is , the stroller can be difficult to turn , especially with one hand . This is because the stroller is really long and the wheels are really small . For instance , when strolling down a sidewalk that might be a bit uneven with raised sidewalk pieces , it 's difficult to get leverage on the stroller to angle it up and over a small ridge . Strollers with larger wheels do n't have nearly as much difficulty.The caboose attachment works OK , but I found the side cables for securing the Snug Ride carseat on top of the caboose attachment a bit useless . The side cables had no pull so it did n't apply any pressure on the carseat to hold it in . That might be intentional -- I do n't know , but I did n't find it all that good.My toddler is around 50 percentile for height and weight and he barely fit on the seat in which the toddler faces backwards when sitting . It 's just too crammed for him and he was n't really fond of it . The foot rest used when sitting was a little shallow too and so it was easy for his feet to be sliding off the foot rest . Also , if you want to hang a diaper bag on the handle bar of the stroller , it will be smacking the toddler in the face -- and we 're always hanging something from the top of the stroller -- not good , but that is perhaps a failure of the entire concept and not this product since I imagine any stroller of this variety would have that issue.I am 6 ' 4 '' and would have appreciated an adjustable handle bar , but that was n't present on this model . It was n't too bad though , so if this was my only gripe then I would n't be giving it only 2 stars.Anyway , like I wrote previously , I think the concept is good , but this model just did n't work for me . I may try again with a different version of this same stroller concept .
 I was so excited about this stroller when I bought it based on all the great review . I am pretty disappointed . Many people have stated their reasons , but I will be redundant and list them again :1 . The older child does not have much/any room when the front seat is reclined . When the infant seat is in place , the older child does n't have much room2 . No cup holder ! And apparently it is hard to find one that works with this stroller3 . The storage basket is pretty much inaccessible ! I am a shopper , and the basket is so small I can barely fit my purse into the space to get it in the basket . When the older child is seated , it is innaccessible . I have a heavy purse filled with not only my things , but also my children 's ! Would be nice to put that thing in the stroller ! 4 . The sun shade is small and will only cover one child . Big problem in the summer ! 5 . The main reason I bought this is because reviews said this was lightweight . Maybe it is more lightweight than other sit and stand strollers , but it is still HEAVY ! If I am going to break my back on putting a stroller in and out of the trunk , I would at least like it have some of the other features the Babytrend has ! 6 . It was more expensive than Babytrend , yet I do n't see a benefit . Go with the better deal !
 I purchased this stroller in June for an upcoming family trip . I have not been particularly pleased with this purchase . The resaons for being less than thrilled with this stroller have been mentioned in previous reviews . The lack of sufficient room for the child in the rear-facing position , the difficulty turning and steering , the difficulty utilizing the bottom storage area are all reasons that I think I did not make a wise purchase.However , tonight I learned that I made an UNSAFE purchase as well . I was lifting the stroller from the rear of the van and my finger got caught in the folded metal pieces . I was unable to remove my finger by myself . The two bars were like a vise-grip that tightened with my effort to extricate myself . When someone was able to help me and I was finally free , I had a very seriously bruised finger with a nearly black fingernail . If it had been a child 's finger caught in the metal pieces , it would have easily amputated the finger.I am so sorry that I bought this thing . I should have returned it when I realized how difficult it was to maneuver . There are better made strollers available . Do not spend the money on this one .
 The title says it all . I drive a Mazda Protege5 which is a hatchback and the stroller does not fit unless I jam it in and slam the trunk shut ! I have had a Bugaboo and a Bob and both have fit with no problem . Big bummer . The other issue is that if you have a car seat on the front there is NO way an older kid can fit on the back . I figured when my little one could sit up in the stroller my older one could ride more comfortably . I was wrong . My kids are tiny and they both seem really uncomfortable .
 I read several reviews on here about this stroller before deciding to purchase it . I 'm only going to list the negative things about it because they far outweigh the positives .1 . The footrest is a safety hazard . It is not secure because it can be folded up . The problem I had was that my daughter , who is 2 , was kicking her feet against the footrest and must have gotten her foot behind it . When I went to turn the stroller her foot was caught between the wheel and the footrest and she started screaming in pain . I had to sit and rub it for a long time before she calmed down enough to start moving again .2 . There are no accessories other than the tray on the front , which would n't be an issue because there are accessory kits available , such as cup holders and snack cups for the child in the back . The problem with the kits is that the stroller frame is square , and the clips for the cup holder and snack cups are round . Does n't work too well .3 . You need to use both hands to close the stroller , which is annoying because you have to pull and bend .4 . The handles to be used when the child in back is standing are not in a very convenient place for him/her to hold on because they are not in front of where he/she needs to stand , they are to the side and behind .5 . The snack tray in the front is not easily removable , so you have to put the seat back and lift the child over the tray to put him/her in the seat .6 . When the stroller is folded the rear wheels can not be unlocked , so it must be carried rather than rolled -LRB- and it is heavy and long -RRB- .7 . There is not much room for the child in back to sit comfortably because the seat moves forward and back and the front seat is back too far.I was actually pushing the stroller through Target and saw a Baby Trend Sit N Stand stroller for $ 119.99 . Apparently Baby Trend had complaints about their sit n stand and improved it . It has a tray with two cup holders and a compartment for change for the parent along with a tray for the front child that is easy to remove . It has a footrest that goes all the way across and locks into place like a safe one should . It weighs about half as much . It can be rolled when folded . There is also alot more room for the child in the back to sit down comfortably . It does have a seatbelt for the child in back . It has a one hand folding mechanism . The basket is easier to access and the child in the back is more secure when standing.I called the COnsumer Product Safety Commission about the footrest safety issue because I think it is a hazard people should be aware of . I would not recommend this stroller !
 I used this stroller only once and it was so heavy and hard to push and steer that I got rid of it . Great idea but heavy .
 I just bought this stroller because my 4 year old did n't like walking to and from school and I also have a 2 yr old . I am mostly disappointed with how hard it is to steer when both kids are in it - it just makes it too heavy to steer and just hard to push in general . Every driveway that dips and every turn takes huge effort - I find I have to ask my 4 year old to get off when we need to turn or go up our slight hill to our street . I 'm also disappointed with how small the front seat is . My 2yr old hardly fits . It is a very shallow seat with a short footrest . My son 's feet hang down beyond the footrest by at least 3 inches . And lastly , the detail I find annoying is how small the cup holders are on the front tray - way to small to hold any modern sippy cup or water bottle . The size of the cup holder seems to be designed for a bottle . Perhaps this stroller would work for younger kids , or for someone just using it in a mall type environment , but for kids that are a little older or use on sidewalks I really do n't reccomend it . I plan to buy something else .
 The good things
 I bought this stroller because I found it on sale for almost the same price as a ride on board attachment for my stroller that I already have . I ended up selling it 2 weeks later . My 4 year old and 7 year old did like the back seat . . but did not fit under the canopy . My 3 year old fit in the front seat . . but the tray does not come off easily so I had to lift him in and out . . and that gets old fast !! The basket is nice , and the fabric is high quality , but I went back to my bob revolution duallie and used the money from selling this to just buy the adapter to the duallie that I am very happy with .
 I bought this stroller in March just before the birth of our little one . My older daughter has just turned three and is pretty small for her age . When we finally put the stroller together to use we realized that with the infant seat attached , there is no room for our daughter to sit or stand -LRB- which is the purpose of the stroller am I wrong ? -RRB- The basket is almost inaccessible once the little ones are using the stroller . I might hold onto it for use once my newbie is old enough to sit up on her own , but really seems WAY too small for two kiddos .
 Just a short addition to my review after reading more about Joovy ... there just is not enough competition yet with the `` sit and stand '' style strollers . Even if you combined all of the pluses of both Joovy and Baby Trend , you sadly still do not get a 5 star stroller.Here 's a quick comparison for you of Joovy vs. Baby Trend ... there is a new 2006 Baby Trend Sit N Stand LX being sold at Target -LRB- like the review below from January mentioned -- THANK YOU !!!! -RRB- for less money and it gets 4 stars . I got confused reading the reviews because many refer to the old Baby Trend ... I did n't know there was a new one and most people do n't if you look to see what these are going for on ebay . Joovy only gets one star because of all the reasons you will read below in other reviews . My husband and I have used both at a mall with a 2 year old in the back and an infant car seat on the front and there is just no comparison.What I did not see mentioned below is that the Baby Trend seats -LRB- front and back -RRB- are about 18 inches from the ground vs. the Joovy is only about 14 inches . I noticed this because they are both parked in my hallway until I return the Joovy . My son liked the higher seat . Also , we had a huge problem with the Joovy infant car seat attachment ... very difficult to take on and off . This would n't be so bad , but to get it into your car you need to remove the bar . The Baby Trend car seat bar is so easy and the car seat actually locks into place . With the Joovy , the car seat just sits on top of a bar . -LRB- Both brands have a belt and buckle that secures the seat in place . -RRB- Hope this helped !
 I purchased this stroller for my infant daughter and 3 year old son . It did n't take long for me to realize how many things I did n't like about it.-nearly impossible to steer with 2 children in it if you 're on any kind of uneven surface-incredibly bulky and awkward to pick up when folded-you have to purchase a cupholder/organizer -LRB- what the heck ?! -RRB- and it 's not cheap and to be honest it sucks-the way the handle is designed makes it uncomfortable to push , forget about it if you have the cup holder-it was really easy to accidentally kick the rear deck when pushing , it sits too far back-poor quality , the seat ripped badly after just a few months and the basket comes unsnapped constantly-really clunky and loud-bench seat for the older child seems cheap and uncomfortable-can ' t close easily one-handedI returned this stroller and instead got the Graco Room for 2 and it 's amazing.-glides smooth and is easy to maneuver-parent cupholder and tray included-very comfortable to steer , the handle is at a perfect height and contoured , unlike the Joovy-the bench seat has a nice cushion and looks to be much more comfy over the Joovy-rear deck sits further back , no kicking it accidentally-able to close with one hand-not bulky at all nor awkward to pick up from the folded position . So glad I can easily get this one in the trunk holding a kid-the quality seems ten times better
 We bought this two years ago , and we 've used this Joovy a total of about 5 times . Prior to this stroller we had a BOB Revolution single stroller , which we LOVED for our eldest child . We had another baby 18 months later , and would 've bought a double BOB if it were n't for the extravagant price . So we thought a Sit-and-Stand stroller might work just fine for our two little ones , especially as our daughter turned 3 and would probably have fun standing in the back.Boy , were we wrong ! My 3 year old was scared of standing , and then when she sat in the little seat area in the back , the belt was too tight/uncomfortable and there did n't seem to be a way to get it tight enough to be secure while also being loose enough to be comfortable . The straps in the front seat were loose and ill-fitting , no matter how much adjusting we did . Also , steering this lumbering awkward thing is practically impossible . I would try walking around the block with my kids in tow , and every time there was the * slightest * dip in the sidewalk for driveways , etc. , the Joovy would tilt down the incline , and I would have to try to push the stroller from an angle `` up '' the incline.Needless to say , we 're trying to sell it now , and I see a lot of these on Craigslist for $ 10 - $ 15 , so if you still feel like buying this , try Craigslist first ! $ 15 is not a bad investment for what you get.We did end up buying a double umbrella stroller from Babies R Us , which is n't nearly as fancy as the BOB , but still easier to steer than the Joovy , and more comfortable for both my kids .
 I bought this stroller after having read tons of reviews . I thought it had to be the greatest thing . Well , it is pretty good until your child reaches about 28lbs and 30 inches tall . The seat is WAY TOO SHORT for a child to comfortably sit in . And the back of the seat only adjusts two ways so your smaller child is not going to be sleeping comfortably in this stroller . The tray does not swing out so you have to take it off or slide your child into the seat . Which is not easy to do . Also , the footrest is poorly made and my sons feet already go over it and he is 30inches tall . It is almost impossible to get any large items or even a smaller diaper bag in the storage area . The sliding seat for bigger kids does not pull forward enough to get items in the storage area without smashing them . Yes , the canopy rips . I think this has happened to everyone , however , Joovy did replace mine with just a simple phone call . The stroller is squeaky -LRB- after only 6 months of use -RRB- . We are looking for a better Sit and Stand option .
 I read the reviews and went to see the stroller . I thought this would be really cool to have since the traditional ones are so darn big . Well after using it for the past 2 weeks with my 3 week old and 3 year old I have realized this product is just terrible !! First of all the seat part where you rest the infant car seat was already coming undone at the seams !! Then my 3 year old who is very easy going and passive flat out refused to sit in it . The seat does not stay still , when you have the infant car seat strapped in the back of the chair is basically on my sons back and he has to lean forward and looks hunchbacked . For the price you think they could 've made some minor adjustments that would be best for everyone around . It also does not help that the darn thing is heavy !! Not the greatest thing to have when you 've had a c-section !! I recommend not buying this and finding something else . Thankfully my babies r us here in OHIO took it back without a reciept . I did n't have the option of giving it zero stars so my best option was one .
 I tested this stroller in the store with my 2.5 yr old son and infant daughter . The stroller is nice and light for a double , however it has one major problem.In order for an infant seat to snap in the front , the front seat needs to be reclined all the way . If the front seat is reclined , there is only standing room in the back for a toddler . My son loved riding around the store sitting and standing . I was extremely disappointed when I realized he was n't able to sit in order for his sister to ride in the stroller too !
 We bought this stroller for the Summer knowing we would be out for long periods of time and my older children would eventually get tired of walking . Very quickly we found that we were on the grass a lot visiting parks , festivals and fairs etc. . This stroller performs very poorly in these conditions , is hard to push and we can only push one child , our 2year old , in these conditions . Even on flat surfaces it is hard to push with 2 children , our 2 and 4 year old , in the stroller . I love the concept , but does not live up to my expectations .
 I did n't originally think we 'd need a double stroller -LRB- 2.5 year old and new baby -RRB- . Then my toddler hit the terrible twos and I realized sure , he can walk , but I have to have a way to restrain him in a store or public place while he 's throwing a tantrum ... harder to do when you have 2 kids to keep safe . This stroller does not work for that . I have to wrestle him in , and the belt for the rear seat does n't really keep him adequately restrained . It 's fairly easy for him to attack whoever is pushing . Plus on day-trips he really does need to rest his legs.Other points :1 . It 's very heavy and hard to push -LRB- even unloaded -RRB- . It 's tiring , and a terrible stroller for the zoo or a longer-than-average outing . Do n't try to push it up a hill unless you 've been in training for a while . It does n't steer all that well , and the handle bar does n't adjust which my average height husband says is a little uncomfortable .2 . I do n't really have a problem with the basket . Sure , when the rear seat is occupied , you ca n't access it from the back , but you can access it from the sides .3 . It does n't really recline enough for anybody to sleep in it . It fits the Chicco Keyfit , which is why we chose Joovy , but the front seat has to be reclined as far as it will go , which intrudes on the back occupants space considerably . My son does n't complain , but it seems like it would be more comfortable if he did n't have to lean forward so much.We 've solved these problems by buying the Phil and Teds Explorer . I got it -LRB- with doubles kit -RRB- for about $ 350 . I bought the stroller used off eBay , and the doubles kit on Amazon . It handles brilliantly , solves the tantruming toddler issue -LRB- 5 point harness , woohoo ! -RRB- , is fairly light weight , takes the car seat , and leaves lots more room in the back of my car . I stopped taking the kids on walks when I had to use the Joovy , but now we 're free to roam again !
 This stroller moves and handles ok , but man is it heavy !! Folding it is quite large and barely fits in my crossover SUV trunk . We are using the infant car attachment and it wo n't fit in my trunk unless i detach that part . The sit-on part is pretty teeny when the front seat is reclined , which is how it has to be when using the infant seat . I would not recommend this sroller .
 The Joovy Caboose is being used for a 2yr old Toddler and a Car Seat infant.The Positives :1 . Looks nice .2 . Comes with car seat attachment -LRB- instead of buying a kit -RRB- . The Negatives :1 . While the carseat is being used -LRB- the main negative -RRB- , there is very little room for the Toddler to sit down .2 . While the Toddler is standing and facing forward ; the handles are high and behind him . The design seems to be for an older/taller kid who can use the support handles at hips height .3 . While the toddler is sitting , the seat itself is not stable and slides inside . -LRB- This is hard to explain but picture the back seat always moving where the toddler has to always lean forward . And you as the parent have to raise the kid to put the seat back to its most outright position . Very annoying after the first few times and this happened every 5 minutes for us . They need to design some type of locking mechanism to keep the back seat in place while having the toddler sit down .4 . Very hard to steer when the children are in the stroller . Im sure im not expecting `` gliding '' performance but its definitely not a long outing type of stroller . Go to the grocery store ... sure ! It will work . Go out for more than 30 minutes ... not a good idea ! 5 . Had to buy an attachment kit product for parent/toddler cup holder .6 . -LRB- The only personal opinion expressed ... -RRB- Why didnt I save the box to return this thing?Hope this review helps others and not look so personally biased .
 I thought this stroller was n't bad at first . It is compatible with the Chicco Keyfit infant carrier/carseat -LRB- which is the whole reason why I got it -RRB- . The attachment for the carrier is included with the stroller . The infant seat rests in the holder and there is no way to lock it in . That has never been a problem though.The bummer of this stroller is that it does not stand up when it 's folded and only lays down , which takes up extra space . It 's also tough to get in and out of the back of the car , very awkward . If you leave the infant seat attachment on when you fold it up and put it in the back of the car it will not lay flat . I have a Subaru Outback and it has to sit at an angle . To take the attachment off and on is very laborious.The other bummer is that the seat does not lay flat , even if you want to and have only 1 child with you . When you have it in the reclined position the older child can not sit on the back seat and has to stand . The 2 children can only sit if the front seat is upright.It is not very user friendly .
 We bought this for our 61/2 month infant to use inside our pop up camper . It was the only lightweight infant travel bed I found that appeared to work for infants that could already roll over . The instructions have a disclaimer about not putting the baby on a raised surface , but we thought it would work well on the floor . Unfortunately when he rolled , the sides bent down and he rolled right out . Also he learned to pull up during our vacation and the sides just collapsed when he pulled on them . As this bed did nothing to contain the baby , it was no better than laying him directly on a blanket on the floor . He ended up sleeping in our bed , since this was safer than him rolling around unattended at night . We did let him nap in it while we were watching him . Also , the mattress cover is not removable for washing . Next time we will bring just bring the Pack & Play .
 The bassinets are reasonably priced but this is definetly a case of you get what you pay for . They are fairly basic with cheap matresses . After placing my order , I found out that they do not meet British fire saftey standards and thefore not recomended for the use as travel cots in the uk.Having twins I have purchased two bassinets , I have received no customer service at all trying to discuss the saftey issue with travelling with kids , where these items were purchased from via Amazon . In most cases , no response at all and Amazon have been no help either.On receiving this order , I was also required to pay an additional 31 , courier and customs charges . All in all , quite an expensive mistake on my part , especially as I can not use them for the purpose that they are sold for . Wwith additional charges and shipping costs -LRB- plus return -RRB- I could of purchased a higher quality product , and will still do for the saftey of my children . I can however use them in the garden as recomended by travelling with kids , highly useful as you can imagine with 2 children under 6 months!I am also hugely dissapointed with Travelling with kids and Amazon for not responding to any correspondance re reimbursment of additional costs for returning the products and would not be keen to use either again .
 I initially thought this was a high quality stroller , however , having used it now for only three months , two components have broken , rendering the stroller unusable . One of the faux aluminum -LRB- but really plastic -RRB- legs broke , as did a plastic switch to release the control to fold the stroller . I guess if it did n't fall apart so quickly it would be a reasonable stroller , but the quality is simply unacceptable .
 We live in a downstairs apartment and all we picked up was our upstairs neighbor 's monitor for their child . The other channel was only static . We have since bought another monitor -LRB- a slightly less expensive one from The First Years -RRB- and it works so much better .
 I put this monitor on my baby registry , and wish I had n't . It was so static-y that I could n't even hear the baby crying ! I returned it and bought the fisher price 900Mhz monitor , it is so much better ! Do n't waste you money on this one , it stinks .
 We received this monitor for a shower gift . Both receivers quit working after I received a minor electric shock from touching them . Yes , this happened to me from both receivers . I called Graco and they are refunding me for the monitors because there is a year waranty on them . I advise anyone who has these monitors to call Graco and get your money back .
 We got the Clear Range Monitor for our baby shower . At first , it worked great ; I could even hear my son breathing ! I could take it with me anywhere around the house , no matter how far away from his room it was . There was a great reception . Now , almost 10 months later , the thing does n't work any more than 2 minutes . I turn it up as loud as it will go , and within 30 seconds or so , you can only hear if you put your ear up to the speaker . If you give it about 2 more minutes , it will surely turn off completely ! It is a big hassle , being that my son sleeps in another room . I only recommend this monitor if you plan on using it for only 8 months or less .
 Plus we were getting feedback on the unit in the nursery . Not good when our baby naps !
 great idea , however , poorly made ! within 24 hours of installing it -LRB- very simple by the way -RRB- my wife sat our daughter down on it with the lid closed and it broke the plastic fitting to the toilet . bummer . still works but very aware of its ` plastic ' nature . if you are somewhat large you my want to try something else as i can see this seat sliding right off the toilet .
 Plastic hinges are flimsy and harder to install than a regular toilet seat hinge . Ours is already broken after only a couple of months of use . We love the two in one seat , so we 'll try the MDF version with metal hinges ...
 This product was a great idea since I did n't want to keep putting up the separate cushy seat when my baby needed to go . I have a standard toilet but the screws in the installation part of the seat just barely fit , but it worked . My husband liked the seat because it was a little longer than the standard toilet lid ; however , my baby seems to be quite the coddled princess because she preferred the cushioned seat she had been using . Trying to put her on the hard plastic seat was like trying to get a kitty in bath water . I thought , `` great , I just bought a 30 dollar seat and my kid wo n't even use it . '' But , luckily -LRB- unluckily , if I had wanted to keep it -RRB- the seat broke on the second time I used it . The plastic hinge pin broke . I am only 150 lbs , so I would n't say that I was the problem . So , if my baby had liked the seat , it would have been terrible that it broke on the same day I put it in , but since she did n't like it , it was fortunate . I think if she had liked it I would have tried the MDF or wooden seat because the idea is still a great one .
 I agree with previous raters about the terrible design of the screws on this thing . The seat itself is great and a good idea , the magnetic part is very solid , but the jolly seat slips and slides all over the place because its impossible to get the sharp metal wingnuts screwed tight enough in the tiny holes at the back of the toilet to stop the seat from moving when an adult sits on it -LRB- and be prepared to get down on all fours and stick your head down behind the back of the toilet every other day to tighten it ! -RRB- . It is constantly slipping over to one side of the toilet and the rubber flange thingys move around all the time and we are constantly having to adjust it . I would have given it one star , it is so frustrating , but I felt generous because the rest of the seat is a good idea .
 This toilet seat is a good idea for family use , the only disappointed thing is that the seat will slip away after awhile . It happened to my both bathroom . The locks is not made fitted to the general toilet . We have to fix it almost every week .
 As a toilet seat , it 's decent . A touch of flexing when sitting on it , but not a big deal -LRB- the MDF version would n't have that problem -RRB- . But the installation ! A typical toilet seat you buy today is installed using nylon bolts and nuts . It 's quick and easy and only takes four parts total . What were they thinking with this toilet seat ? Each side has a bolt , a retainer clip , a gasket , a rubber cone , a metal washer , and a wing nut . With both sides of the seat , that twelve parts ! Why would anyone design such a complicated installation method ? It probably took me twenty minutes to install it with the retainer clips sliding out of the gaskets as I adjusted and tightened the bolts .
 I really liked this seat and so did my girls . But when we started using it , the quality was poor . It seemed flimsy and kept shifting on the toliet base . And after just 2 weeks of using it , it broke ! The one plastic hinge snapped ! I called and thankfully I got a refund . I am getting the MDF one instead .
 I have a problem and concern with the Family Seat -LRB- White Plastic version -RRB- . The seat is a great concept and my daughter loves it and thinks it is very comfortable . However , the pieces that attach it to the toilet make it an unsafe product . It has come loose from the toilet many times ; almost causing the user to slip off the toilet . The pieces have now completely broken and the toilet can no longer be attached . We purchased the Family Seat five months ago and we now have it sitting in the box and had to put our old toilet seat back on the toilet . My daughter has since fallen in the toilet because she was used to `` her seat '' on the Family Seat .
 We happily purchased this when potty training our daughter a month and a half ago . It broke tonight , and I just found out that the return window expired two weeks ago . It is an awesome idea , and she really likes it , but with a broken hinge -LRB- the part that attaches the seat to the toilet -RRB- , it is n't much good . We 'll be hunting for a better quality version .
 We never used the baby seat because the seat would n't stay attached to the toilet . It broke once , and there was a second piece to use . Then that broke and we gave up . If they made the latch stronger so it would stay attached to the toilet seat , it would be nice , but plastic does n't handle it.HUGE waste of money .
 My 3 year old twins love being able to get on the potty all by themselves , so I was excited to purchase this item . I absolutely love the idea of this product and did n't want to believe the other reviews saying it was poor quality . However after only a month of using it it has already broken . The piece connecting it to the toilet is plastic and flimsy and can not withstand much use . I regret not purchasing a more expensive but better quality one from One Step Ahead .
 The tightening mechanism is weak and leaves the seat loose . We are average weight people , 5 ' 10 '' , 180 , being the largest person in the house , myself . I strongly discourage anybody from wasting their money on this product . Do not by plastic if you can help it . If I could return it , I would , but I tossed the box . Returning a toilet seat seems wrong since it is used . Ok , enough ranting , just trust me . P.S. I 've never written one of these feedback boxes before . I am not paid to write this , obviously : - -RRB-
 These extensions are advertised as working with the Supergate Easy Close Metal Gate ... they do not , they are much taller than the Supergate Easy Close Metal Gate .
 I purchased this because it was suggested to go with the play yard but it does not fit . You can only purchase the 2ft extensions to go with the play yard .
 I purchased this to be an extension to the super yard I bought because the site suggested it . These extensions do not fit with the play yard .
 This may have been a good product , but the boxes arrived destroyed . Absilutely not the carriers fault . Amazon did such bad packing , there was no way it could have survived the trip . And since the delivery box was destroyed , it would cost me more to pay the local pack and ship to return the damaged extension and wait for replacement . Instead , I went to the local PetSmart and bought this product off the shelf from them . Should have done that in the first place and saved myself the hassle . The Amazon extension is headed to the trash .
 in my experience the scald safe seems to say the water is too hot when its just right . i have had several people check my sons bath water at what to me feels perfect and they have all said it feels right . he appears comfortable and happy . yet the scald safe tells me his water is far too hot and turns bright pink . i was excited to have found something that i had found so fool proof but really all it helps with is knowing weather or not his water is too cold instead .
 I liked the simplicity of this thermometer compared to the other gadgets , but , it is nearly impossible to keep the water temp to a tenth of a degree , so as a result , the thermometer always says that the water is too hot or too cold . A range of degrees would be better . The product itself seemed durable and easy to store and clean , but , it was no help at all in telling me if the water temp was ok for my baby . Pass !
 I thought this would be great but it turned out to be pointless . It changes color at a single degree so if it is purple the water appears to be too cold but one degree later , if it turns pink the water appears to be too hot . It is impossible to have the water stay at exactly the one degree that will make the disk stay half purple and half pink like the instruction suggest . We were much happier with the little yellow and green turtle thermometer that beeps if the water gets below or above a reasonable range .
 I agree with a previous reviewer that this is too conservative . I would never put a baby in such cool water for a bath . Sometimes he shivers in water that registers pink -LRB- too hot -RRB- . My wrist is much more useful than this thing . Granted , this one is super cheap . But if it 's useless , is it worth any money at all ?
 This seems to be calibrated too low . It turns pink when the water is barely warm at all . I know babies are much more sensitive but our baby shivers if we put her in water deemed `` just right '' by this thing . We have another bath thermometer that has a readout telling you the exact temperature , in addition to beeping when that temperature was too high -LRB- 102 or higher -RRB- -- much more useful than this thing . Granted , this one is super cheap . But if it 's useless , is it worth any money at all ?
 I bought this seat to travel with my toddler and found it extremely annoying and difficult to use . The tray stuck and never loosened up and was difficult to get my child in and out of . Also , it was close to impossible to keep clean , unless you unstrapped it and took it completely apart after every use . It was very unwieldy to travel with . It folded up , but did n't stay together and so was not very portable . Because it was so cumbersome , it ended up getting dropped on a laminate floor and promptly broke . The cheap plastic its made of shattered at the bottom corner where the side and seat fit , so now it is in the garbage where it belongs . I only owned it for five months and used it barely three times a month for the average . Yes , it was cheap , but as they say , the poor man buys everything twice , and now I 'm out fifteen dollars and have to buy another booster .
 These utensils are NOT the first ones I grab out of the drawer for my son , age 2 . Yes , he likes the Cars characters , but the fork tines are too blunted to be used for what one uses a fork for ... stabbing food . The spoon is also pretty useless as the bowl is quite flat . All in all , I pretty much just give him these utensils for fun when he has finger food , since they are useless at picking up anything .
 I ordered three sets of the Disney Princess Flatware . I had lost a spoon to the set that I already had . They were replacements for my three year old granddaughter as she loved them . One of the sets matched the picture and is the same style as I am replacing . The other two are for a much younger child with very fat handles . False advertising . They were not what was pictured or that I ordered or wanted . What can I do about getting the right sets ? The flatware is very nice but just be careful that you get the style that you want .
 I bought and sold this stroller without even taking it around the block . If you 're used to pushing a Maclaren , this Kidco does not have near the manuverability I 'm used to . It was 19 lbs -LRB- too heavy -RRB- and the backrest was made of metal stays that seemed uncomfortable . The price is just right however , for $ 85 if you really need a stroller with an umbrella fold that takes an infant car seat - this is it . Until Mac makes the perfect stroller -LRB- sorry the Techno XLR missed the boat with a rigid car seat bar -RRB- , I 'll stick with my Zooper Hula -LRB- though a new one runs $ 269 -RRB- .
 Way overpriced , and bends very easily . I found Ikea silverware to be of a better quality for ultra low price . -LRB- Yes , It really fares worse than Ikea -RRB-
 I purchased an Oneida youth set from the Oneida website -LRB- fork , spoon & knife -RRB- for approximately $ 13.00 and am very pleased with it .
 I was very disappointed with this kids ' spoon/knife/fork set . The quality is not good -- the weight of each utensil is light and they tarnished after one wash in the dishwasher . I do , however , like the style and size . All in all , I would not pay so much for a set like this one again . I bought the Trebimbi set and that one is a lot better in terms of quality for the price .
 This monitor has a tendency to pick up interference from different appliances being used in the house . Fans , lights etc. . Our big screen tv renders the product useless - it just puts out static . The voice activated feature pops when used , very annoying . We ended up disabling that feature -LRB- and that was the very reason we bought this model -RRB- . Extremely disappointed with this product .
 I wanted this monitor because I could use batteries in both baby & parent monitors and the price seemes right for $ 20 so I ordered it and tried it out the first night and all I heard was static & silence . It never picked up my baby 's cries . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This monitor is terrible ! Every where you put it it 's static and it does n't work . I have barely been able to use it . USELESS item !!!
 Really it works well three months but later it works with several noises and interferences . . I think it reduce power and sound are trasmited weak . . Really it is better to pay more for other product .
 Whoever wrote the first sentence of the Product Features is obviously not a parent , describing diaper changing of a baby boy 's diaper `` as an even bigger horror story '' just goes to show phobic our society has become !!! Now that 's a HORROR Story!Product Features * Changing a baby girl is not all glitz and glory . Changing a baby boy is an even bigger horror story until now !
 I thought these would be great , NOT !! Total waste of money . They are so lightweight and small they simply do n't `` stay '' where they need to . It 's like trying to get a cotton ball to stay on baby . Just use a baby washcloth to cover baby while you change his diaper to prevent `` sprays '' .
 These are a great idea and we bought two sets -LRB- could n't decide between the footballs and the fire engines ! -RRB- . Unfortunately they did n't work for us . As a previous post stated , they are really lightweight and small . If your little one is at all energetic and moves around during changing -LRB- as our 's does -RRB- , the teepee falls right off . I agree that a washcloth works well as an alternative in this case . Hope this helps !
 Does n't stay in place . Just having a wash cloth ready or in place worked better than these things .
 Cute little shower gift as a joke , but less than useless in actual practice . Unless you have a third hand to hold it down while you 're changing your baby ... they do n't stay on by themselves , and even more so if he actually pees !!
 These are a great idea , however , they are too small and are impossible to keep in place on a squirming baby . If your child is still while you are changing him , these may be a great option for you.Don ' t waste the money - throw a diaper over them .
 These are a great idea but in reality dont work too well . They are too small and once my little boy starts peeing they fly off , babies-r-us has a larger version that covers the entire area -LRB- like a sports cup -RRB- rather than just the tip top that I prefer .
 I think the concept of the peepee teepee is a good one . However , in practice , they do n't really stay on very well , and at best , simply divert the `` flow '' . If all you can really do is redirect your baby 's pee , than an extra diaper , wash cloth or even a wipe will do the job . As cute as they are , we 're just not using the ones we bought . I do think I 'll stick them in my diaper bag , though ... just in case I 'm running short on wipes .
 Our sons are always so wiggly , this would fall right off . I agree just using a washcloth is much easier and less likely to fall off .
 These are cute and definitely a conversation piece , but they DO NOT WORK ! A washcloth works better since it gets held on by his legs . This little pee pee teepee just fall right off when he moves ! Now we 're practicing Elimination Communication -LRB- readDiaper Free
 No , they absolutely dont work as they are not wide enough to fit around the baby 's things . A little bit of elastic around the neck could help . They fall easily as they are light weight . Babies dont stay in one place and the moment they move it fall off . I regret for buying this .
 We ordered them for our newborn son because , obviously , he kept pissing on us . We got the Pee Pee Teepee 's , put them on , and watched them fall off as soon as he squirmed -LRB- which he does all the time -RRB- . Plus , he pretty much stopped peeing while we were changing him after week 3-4 . Cute idea and design , yet it was pretty much worthless to me . Seriously , I doubt if it would have even stayed on had he pissed into it . It weighs almost nothing .
 I received these as a gift and will be returning them . While they are cute , and I 'm sure they get laughs at baby showers , they are very impractical and a waste of money - you could buy 30 baby washclothes that would work twice as well for the same money.If you are looking for a gift , do the parents a favor and buy something else !
 In 19 months of diapering my son , he only `` went '' 3 or 4 times during a diaper change , and it really was n't that very messy to clean up . These are a cute idea , but very small and lightweight ... it 's easier to just not use them at all !
 I bought my Baby Comp on Amazon because I had a gift certificate , but I wish I had bought it from RaXMedical.When I got the device , the cover was already broken and it completely broke not long after that . The computer still works -LRB- supposedly -RRB- , but the cover wo n't stay put unless I keep a strong rubber band around it.When I contacted them , they were unwilling to help . I asked for at least a partial refund , since RaXMedical said it would probably have to be sent back to Germany , and I would have to pay for the shipping cost and lose weeks of data -LRB- if you 're trying to conceive , you know that weeks of no data are n't negligible -RRB- . They ignored my e-mails , and would n't exchange the device for a new one either . Eventually , someone named Murray sent me a useless and laconic e-mail , and then refused to answer my questions altogether.Also , if you have questions , they will not help you . RaXMedical ended up answering all my questions within 24 hours , even though I did not buy the Baby Comp from them.I am having lots of trouble with the Baby Comp at this point . I got green lights when I should n't have , was told I was pregnant when I was not , and now my cycle shows I did not ovulate when I actually did . Fertilityfriend -LRB- a free online program -RRB- was n't fooled , and got everything right each time , and gave me the correct day I would get my period every time.In the end , I do n't think I can recommend the device considering its price . A regular basal thermometer , CM , and fertility friend are all you need and will cost you much less that this device . I do n't know if I 'm getting strange data because the device is actually broken , or if it 's just unreliable , but I guess I 'll never know since Onlyincanada is ignoring all my e-mails . All I wanted was a partial refund for my trouble , or a new device -LRB- I would send back this one without a second thought at this point -RRB- , but they wo n't hear of it.If you 're really set on getting a baby comp , at least get it through someone else .
 We were very excited when we purchased the Baby Comp . It seemed like it would help clarify the complication of keeping track of fertile days . We were so disappointed when the very expensive unit we received did not work properly . We called Rax medical Customer Service repeatedly . We had bought it from Rax medical , not Amazon . I just wanted to post here to warn Amazon customers . It is not an actual customer service line , just an answering service , and someone calls you back during regular business hours . They thought our charger was defective and told us they would send us a new one within the week . A week came and went , and we called to complain that we had not received the replacement battery charger . They said it would arrive soon . Two weeks came and went , same drill . It has been three weeks now so we are trying to return the unit . We want to wash our hands of the whole experience . For such an expensive item , we felt they should have rectified the fact that they sent us a faulty unit much more quickly . In fact , they should have tested all the components before they sent it with that price tag . Now , we feel foolish for having sunk so much money into a product of poor quality from a company that does not stand behind the quality of their products . Who knows if they will even let us return it . We are trying . I will write again if they wont let us to warn others .
 This product is a joke . Yeah , of course it 's easy to install because you 'd have to be an idiot to not know how to hang something around a head rest . Once I got in the front seat of my truck to check it out , I could n't get over how distorted everything was . I 'm glad I checked it out ahead of time because , had I been driving with my baby , I may have gotten into an accident due to the sheer terror that my child 's head stretched out to three times its size . As I crammed the product back in the box , I could n't help but glance . Yeah , my eyes were where my ears were supposed to be . I looked like that dude from the Goonies . What really ticks me off is that this product is meant to facilitate safety by helping parents keep on eye on their child . Are you kidding me ? With this fun house mirror ? Unless you have a fascination with crappy products or are in the circus , do n't buy this head stretching mirror . I may as well have strapped a giant serving spoon to the headrest , it would have been just as useful .
 We bought this mirror for our car and have found it to be almost useless . It is very easy to attach and comes with foam inserts to angle the mirror to see your baby . The problem is that it is so thin that when you secure it or angle it , it bends and you get a distorted view of the baby . I can make out my baby 's face but can not tell what he is doing and if his head is secure in his car seat . We have also found that to get it at the proper angle , it is n't secured on the seat back very well and moves easily , so half the time we are looking at our baby 's feet . I would not recommend this mirror at all and I am going to take it back for a less flimsy product .
 This mirror actually made me laugh because it was like a circus mirror . The image was so distorted you could n't tell what you were looking at !!! I could sort of tell it was a baby -- no way could I even identify my baby though that mirror -- awful do n't waste your money !!!
 I agree with all the other bad reviews - this thing is a total waste of money . It 's basically some flimsy reflective cellophane type material and two nylon straps to fasten it to the back of your headreast . There 's also some weird hook kind of thing attached to the back -LRB- I think the instructions said it 's for people who want to install it some alternative way -RRB- that is too narrow to hook onto anything and just gets in the way when you 're just trying to use the straps . Anyway , it moves around a lot and sometimes just falls completely down the headrest . It comes with some ghetto foam wedges to presumably stabilize it , but I did n't want to use them because they looked like they would not work , and I suspected that the adhesive would ruin my leather car upholstery , which based on the other review seems like it would have . Even if it would stay in place , the cheap `` mirror '' horribly distorts everything if it is bent in the slightest . And of course , the mirror inevitably bends when you try to tighten the straps to get it to stay on the headrest . So even if you manage to get it properly positioned -LRB- which is unlikely -RRB- , you wo n't be able to see any details about what your child is doing - asleep ? awake ? sucking her thumb ? putting something she found on the ground in her mouth ? who can say ? not you , if you 're using this piece of crap .
 I am returning this . It is ULTRA distorted and all but impossible to position . I thought it was just me until I read this page -LRB- bought locally -RRB- . The only thing I can tell from the mirror on those rare occasions it 's actually showing my son is whether or not his pacifier is in his mouth . Do I see a white dot or not ? But it moves constantly and is a less true reflection than a fun house mirror !
 This is just a strange product . I do n't understand why a company would even try to sell it - it 's useless . I saw it in a store and it just did n't make sense to me why they could n't make a mirror that actually works . It 's a mirror , not a rocket ship !
 A piece of crap . I could n't mount it on the headrest so I had to use the ` glued ' supports . It barely stayed on and it was difficult to adust . Now that glue -LRB- which is more like chewing gum -RRB- is not coming off no matter what I do . It 's not visible anymore but when you touch the back sit where the glue was you can feel the stickiness .
 I 've never seen a product that had 12 1-star reviews and literally only one other review that was not -LRB- a 4-star review written by someone who apparently received an entirely different product -RRB- . The verdict is clearly already in , but I was so disappointed in this product that I thought I 'd add my 2 cents as well.The distortion on this is just unbelievable . We got it primarily to make sure our 21/2 year old did n't bug our 3 month old , but you can barely discern anything useful from the crappy view this mirror offers . The `` mirror '' is virtually the same surface as a Mylar balloon , albeit a tad thicker . I fail to see the reason for having such a poor reflective surface -- granted , you ca n't have a glass mirror for obvious safety reasons , but as to why they could n't go with an ultra-lightweight rigid plastic mirror is beyond me . I guess that would have cut their profit margin by 12 cents a unit.By the way , there is no way that the crystal-clear image in the product photo is real . I thought that used to be called misleading advertising .
 This thing comes with one of those big clear stickers on it that leaves an awful residue on the mirror . It 's really hard to get off and left the mirror looking kind of smudged . Add that to the fact that the mirror is warped/bent right out of the box , and this product definitely gets one star at best . I have not even attempted to install it in the car yet - I am trying to decide whether the store will take it back now that I have attempted rather unsuccessfully to remove this awful sticker from the fake glass surface .
 In addition to the cheap mirror mentioned in other reviews , this item is very difficult to position correctly and stay in place . Not recommended .
 A complete waste of money . Eddie Bauer used to be a premium brand , but now the name is simply licensed to manufacturers who churn out cheap Chinese-made junk products.After only two months , the straps that hold this mirror to the headrest did n't just break , they literally DISINTEGRATED INTO POWDER.I had thought these straps were nylon , but apparently they are made of whatever low-grade plastic waste the manufacturer had laying around at the time .
 We are very disappointed with this product . We expected much more out of the Eddie Bauer name ! The ` mirror ' is very flimsy and distorted . Looks more like a fun house mirror - not one I can use to keep an eye on my baby in the back seat .
 First of all the mirror was so flimsy that my baby 's face looked like I was looking into those crazy mirrors at the fair . The tether that lets you angle the mirror rotted in the sun after only 3 months of use . such a disappointment . And there 's no where to write to to voice my complaints or ask for a rebate . Do n't waste your money !!!
 Generally , this is a good product , but what I received was not . I only received a portion of the order , but was charged the full amount . The portion I did receive was leaking from one of the bottles and was not any good . Will never do business with this vendor again . No explanation and no apology .
 There is a warning on the bottle about severe allergic reactions to this product , yet Johnson 's markets it to be `` safe enough for newborns . '' My 3-year-old son had a gradual , but severe allergic reaction to this product that started during the night while he was sleeping - thankfully his breathing was not effected . He had hives that got so bad his joints were swollen and he had difficulty walking . The Environmental Working Group , www.ewg.org , lists this product as one of the `` Top 10 Most Dangerous Baby Washes . ''
 My 3.5 year old has no asthma or breathing problems , but she does have LIFE THREATENING food allergies . I tried to bathe her and she screamed in pain and little bumps began appearing all over her body . I 'm going to dive into this one . My suggestion
 I love the Seventh Generation diapers and ordered the wipes . they were n't real bad but they were n't great either . the box was a nightmare to open one handed and the wipes are a little bit flimsy , so I ended up using much more wipes than I did with the commercial brands . I went back on using commercial unscented wipes .
 i was excited to try a different type of wipes but it is too dry not like J&J . i didnt use the whole box for my boy
 This mat is very cute and has all the pictures my son enjoys but did not wear well . It was covered in white scratches within a few weeks . Also it is very slippery and would often slide off the table , plate , fork and all !
 Really cute , but cleaning concerns me . The paint -LRB- ? -RRB- comes off easily just with water and a paper towel . Any little scrubbing causes scratches in the picture . I am concerned that this paint may come off on foods my son was eating . We have only used a few months , if that , and are now moving on to a a different placemat
 The plastic is thin , flimsy and slides around on the table . Easy to get folds stuck in it . Picture scratches off very easily . Regret purchase .
 This item is incredibly deceptive . The name is `` Vehicle Sounds Placemat '' or something like that . It does n't make ANY sounds . It has sounds spelled out on the mat . Worthless and deceptive .
 I will not order from this place again . What I got was not what the picture showed . When I emailed the seller , I was told that they can not guarantee that the product will look like what I saw online . I read no disclaimer regarding this issue when I ordered it . I informed them that they had ruined the babyshower as now I have no centerpiece and the seller did nothing to try to help me fix the problem . I was told to return the item if I was not happy . No , I am sorry . No , let us try to fix it , NOTHING ! This , to me is bad customer service . They could have at least said they would try to get me what i actually ordered in time for the baby shower .
 I 'll admit , I should not rate this item because I do not own it . However , I feel compelled to say that one should * not * be giving a new mom something with a bottle . If a new mom is going to achieve the AAP recommendation to give breastmilk exclusively for six months , then she needs the total support of everyone around her to create a breastfeeding culture . Bottles -LRB- and by association , artificial infant formula -RRB- sabotage the breastfeeding dyad 's relationship . Ok - I know pumped milk also goes in bottles ... but seriously , there could have been WAY better stuff in this gift set . Better idea , make your own !! I would definitely include a tube of Lansinoh brand Lanolin , Lansinoh breast pads , and a copy of the Womanly Art of breastfeeding .
 First of all , I thought the steering wheel was cute . It was advertised as having flashing lights & music , and it looked cute from the box . BUT , no one can get to let alone change the battery , the seat has tiny plastic pieces that slide into place to hold it in , and they do n't really want to stay that way . The flashing lights did n't work , then did , and now they do n't , and we just bought this yesterday . For the brief what , 3 minutes the lights started working . The music was loud and painful . The lights feature is 2 small red flashing lights on the steering wheel . * so disappointed.It is n't designed well , and it does n't function properly . It can actually be used as a walker , and it is cute , but we are certainly taking this back .
 A friend gave this to me for my 6 month old daughter - the walker itself is wonderful , but the light and sound feature is just the worst - as others have said , it dies after about 2 months , and the battery is non-replacable . My daughter loved the sounds and now they just die and warble and I ca n't stand it ! If you buy it , do n't get it for the music/lights - they will let you down .
 This walker is WAY too high for pre-walkers to use . My daughter is 8 months old and -LRB- IMHO -RRB- should be able to easily touch by now , but with this walker she is still a good few inches from touching her feet flat to the floor . I do n't understand this product as it is supposed to be adjustable , but for whom , 1 to 2 year olds ? I certainly hope she is walking by that time . As for the battery/sound issues others have report , I have n't experience any of that . All the lights and sounds work fine ... probably due to lack of use though . If you 've got a small baby and want to get their legs strong for walking , I would recommend buying something else .
 bought this thinking my almost 9 month and 28 inches in height cant even begin to use this walker . he has a walker that has a perfect low setting but i bought this so he could roll on carpet . very disappointing that they do n't make is short enough for a 9 month old !!!
 I am returning this walker . It is pretty and feels solid , but IT DOES sit too high ... I am talking 2 inches too high , and my daughter is 6 months and at the 75 percentile for height ! No way she would be able to touch the ground until one year old ... definetely too late !
 it definitely chaper than any other walker , but product itself is cheap too ... if you are looking for just simple what your baby will ride on for short time , it is alright to try this but if you are looking for something nicer this isn : `` t it at all . . it is cheap with not working lights from the begining . .
 This thing is a piece of junk ! Thank God we got it at a baby shower , or I would have serious buyers-remorse . The wheels do NOT roll easily over uneven surfaces.The play toys on the upper part are rudimentary.Most importantly , the batteries crapped-out after one month of use ! By the way , my son does n't play in it much , and here we go , the battery is soldered in place . So , you need to buy the companies piece of crap!Look elsewhere for a quality toy .
 My son love the seat and helps to have him sit upright , but the battery is dying and now sounds like a sick cat .
 This product says it is for 4month olds . I bought it for my son at 5months . The problem is it is for very tall babies . My son now 6 months and is 261/2 inches long . He now can reach the floor with his tippy toes in the walker . All safety first walkers are like this as I was given as a gift another style and have the same problem . I now have a GRACO walker and he touches the floor just fine and has been named Speedy G with it . He loves the Graco one . This product is sturdy enough and I love the look but I just wish my son can touch the ground with it .
 my son loves all the lights and sounds but this walker is not as much fun once the batteries die . I have only used it for a few months and the batteries are already dead and they can not be replaced . If you child likes the sounds you might want to find one with replaceable batteries . other than that the walker is fine for the money and folds up nice for travel .
 I would have given this walker 5 stars the first couple of weeks . The walker seemed great for the price , it was easy to maneuver and the baby loved it . Unfortunately , the design is terrible on the Sounds N'Lights feature . It began fading out before the baby had time to become bored with it . After much frustration trying to get `` to '' the battery compartment to replace it , we discovered it is not designed for replacement at all . The internal battery is soldered in place . Once it loses it 's original charge , you are left with a dismal fading off of the sound and a potentially unhappy baby .
 My son is 6 months old and can barely reach the floor . He is normal height and weight , but has a longer upper body -LRB- like me ! -RRB- I bought this thinking that since you can adjust the height , it would work . The lowest setting is still slightly too high . Not impressed . Kinda boring . Maybe we can start using it in a few weeks , but for now , I wish I had bought something else .
 This walker is very poor quality . The `` entertainment '' features are pitiful - the most exciting part being a wheel that partially turns . The saddest part of this walker is that the battery can not be changed -LRB- at least as far as the 4 adults , one being an engineer , in my house can figure -RRB- . My husband even drilled holes in the thing trying to figure out how to change the battery - only to find the battery that it comes with is irreplaceable . It is frustrating because the music just warbles out now on it 's dying battery . Very sad being I 've only had this walker for 2 months . In sum - DO NOT PURCHASE !!!!
 I bought this walker for my 7 month old daughter . The lowest setting is still not low enough for her to reach the floor and she 's not a short little girl . It 's a little cheap looking but I guess you get what you pay for .
 We bought this toy at a consignment store , so there 's no telling how much it was used before being sold . The batteries began to die the week after we bought it . I never bothered changing them because DD did n't care about the music and lights anyway . I just sat down 10 minutes ago to change the batteries to resell the item at another consignment event and discovered that they ca n't be changed ! Whatever size batteries are required are located INSIDE the steering wheel , which is not meant to come apart . I 've read reviews on other sites that suggest once you open the steering wheel , you find that they are soldered into place . This is simply unacceptable in a toy that has sound and lights !! I 'm happy I only paid ten dollars for it in the first place , but those paying full price should be wary .
 My 6 month old is about 2 '' from reaching the floor on the lowest height adjustment - this product definitely needs to advertise a minimum height rather than saying `` for 4 months and older '' . Very disappointed , as he was watching with glee was I put it together but ca n't play with it still .
 My baby has normal height but still does n't fit in this walker and the music is really too loud , will definitely return it !!!
 My 50 percentile 6 month old could n't touch the ground in the lowest setting . Since we had bought this used , and could n't return it , I took my dremel and cut some new notches . That worked great . The wheels were ok on the carpet and the tile . They are n't super smooth , but how fast do you want your baby scooting around the house ? The biggest problem is that we have a dog , and the dog fur clogs the wheels and there is no way to clean the wheels out . I finally found a caster wheel supplier that had small enough wheels that fit , but it took 2 weeks to ship and the wheels cost more than I paid for the walker -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- . If you have pets , look for a walker with wheels that you can get the fur out of the axle . I did n't see any at babies R us or walmart though , so good luck .
 My son 's feet do not touch either and he 's around 27 inches tall . So I guess its hit or miss . I do n't want to wait for him to grow into it , because it 's something he should be using now . Off to find another that he can touch the ground .
 We purchased this walker a few months before my daughter was born thinking that it was a good price so why pass it up . Well , when it finally came time to open up the box , the music did n't work . In the instructions it says that there is no way to replace the batteries ... well , if you happen to be married to a very determined `` handy man '' , it can be done . It 's some type of watch battery that costs about $ 15 . When the music does play it is extremely loud so we do n't even use it after going through all of that trouble . We do n't want to hurt our little one 's ears . She does like banging on the steering wheel and playing with the little gadgets on the sides though . She is n't quite big enough to make it go all by herself so she just sits and plays in it while I 'm cooking in the kitchen with a little stool underneath her feet . I also purchased a stand alone jumper and feel that it was a little more appropriate and money better spent . Just my opinion though . : -RRB-
 I have four kids under the age of five . I just got this walk to replace an old one that didn , t fold . I returned this today . my 2yr old pressed the red button to fold it and it collapsed with my 8 month old inside . she did n't get hurt .
 i ended up buying a different one ... it 's cheap and it was shipped fast ... but it 's not all that great
 The American Academy of Pediatrics has called for a ban on all baby walkers because just the concept of giving a baby more mobility than developmentally ready is dangerous . People should know this and use alternative ways of entertaining baby . Many thousands of children in the US are seen in emergency departments for injuries related to walkers , and most of these happen when a parent is right there watching -LRB- see -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . They can fall down steps , get crushed between toy and other space , reach heavy objects in high places such as tables which can fall on them , tip over hot beverages , fall into tub of water , etc.And by the way , they do n't promote development of walking skills , they actually cause delay in walking because the baby does n't get to see the bottom half of how their bodies are working . -LRB- see -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- Much safer alternative is a stationary play center , buy that instead!Please spread the word to help prevent unnecessary injuries or even deaths in our youngest loved ones . -- This review was written by a pediatrician .
 Firstly , this is so cheaply made . It 's a total tip hazard as well , due to the height . Secondly , walkers are a HUGE head injury risk and should n't be used period.This was a gift . I hope the person who gave it to us never has kids .
 they sent me the wrong item and I 've been chasing them for 3 months and they wont give me my money back or even contact me to deal with what they 've done
 This product is really smelly . Would not want baby breathing it in . Plus , Wayfair sent me wrong product and then told me to place re-order directly with them which seems wrong ... plus , there were no instructions included and not self explanatory . Buy the baby jogger brand instead .
 The Miracle Blanket has a great concept and if I had to choose between one and a regular receiving blanket , I would happily pay the extra money for the miracle blanket . However , there are some great competing brands on the market that offer cheaper , better swaddling blankets . In particular , my wife and I have been much happier with theKiddopotamus SwaddleMe 100 % Cotton Flannel , Small , Sage Gingham.The only area the Miracle Blanket wins out is in its softer material . This is far outweighed by a less practical design and a price that 's triple the current amazon price for the kiddopotamus.The miracle blanket requires that you tuck flaps over each arm of your baby and then under their back . This may make swaddling easier the first time compared to the kiddopotamus . Yet , after a few swaddles , you 'll become fast and profficient enough to deal with flailing limbs . These flaps end up just being a hassle . Also the velcro on the kiddopotamus makes getting the perfect tension quick and easy . The miracle blanket has a very long wrap that you must go around and around your baby with ... and without the velcro it is much more likely to come loose . Miracle blanket makes the velcro seem like a negative , but the velcro on the kiddopotamus is n't in any place that would rub up against your babies skin.As for fit , the kiddopotamus does a far superior job with my 7 lbs . 19.5 '' baby girl . The miracle blanket is `` one size fits all , '' whereas the kiddopotamus comes in both small and large . The miracle blanket is so big that the bottom of the blanket is easily kicked off and my baby 's feet shortly flail about , defeating the purpose of the swaddle . At least this allows or easier diaper changes . The kiddopotamus never comes undone , thanks to the velcro . The size also seems perfect for any baby from 18 to 24 inches and 6 to 12 lbs. , but do n't take my word or it . Also the flannel kiddopotamus is the most constraining I hear .
 My daughter , at 12 weeks , was able to totally unswaddle herself using the swaddleme that we had been using since birth , yet she still needed to be swaddled to fall asleep . She ca n't seem to calm down without being swaddled and she claws at her face which wakes her up . Everyone I knew told me to get the miracle blanket and it would solve all my problems . Maybe if we had used this from birth she would have been okay with it . But , she hated having her arms tucked under the folds , screamed like crazy , and even though they were tucked under , she was still able to bring them up and out of the blanket , with the folds still around them . It did n't take her long to get out of this blanket . So we got one hour out of it . We switched to the Halo that she can move her arms around in but still ca n't get them up out of the fabric to her face .
 To all future mommies , do n't buy this product . You do n't want to spend the few hours you do get to sleep trying to wrangle this thing on a newborn or young infant . Swaddling is great at night , when you 're trying to get the baby to sleep on her own and you want to make it as easy as possible for you . I bought three swaddle blankets , the Kiddapotamus , the Miracle Blanket and the Halo Swaddleme Sack Micro Fleece . I have a Winter Baby , and the only one I used consistently that actually got my baby to sleep was the Halo , it 's so easy to use , just zip and velcro that you can do it in the dark in your bedroom after night feedings . And the micro fleece fabric prevents him/her from wriggling out . I have an 8 week old and she is now sleeping 4-5 hour chunks at night . This helped me not disrupt her so that she could fall straight back to sleep after having her night feed . She actually only used the Swaddleme from week 3 - week 6 , but it got her hooked to good sleeping habits that when she outgrew the thing , she continues to sleep well . My neighbor also used the Halo , and her 2 month old was sleeping 6 hours straight . Anyways just buy the Halo one , it 's simpler and easier and wo n't drive you nuts .
 This may work for other babies but my little girl screamed bloody murder when I put it on her . It was n't just a adjustment cry , it lasted 45 minutes . Her arms could n't get straight because she was resisting so much so while in the swaddle , her little arms were a bit crooked . She looked so uncomfortable .
 Not easy to use , baby did not like it . Very thin material . Useless product . Do not waste $ 30 for this .
 We have the 2007 Elite series in the double and after 18 months the plastic reel to the breaking lock system broke making this unuseable and the part can not be replaced or repaired . We have used our stroller lightly and have taken excellent care of it . It still looks new ! We are out of a very expensive stroller . I would recommend the BOB instead ! We have the Bob single and it is very durable and similar in price .
 I bought the carrier for its pretty colors ! It was good when my baby was very tiny , but as soon as she was 3 months old , the weight distribution left me with a sore back and neck -LRB- I could n't turn my neck for 2 days -RRB- . I would opt for something more comfortable and forget about what it looks like ! I am going to make a homemade Mei Tei instead .
 I like to beutiful design by Maclaren.However , This carrier is only for look good.Maclaren could not figure out that how to make back side of carrier.I do n't know , my baby was compatable with this product . but my wife got pain on her neck .
 these arent large enough for a swaddling blanket . i prefer the hospital versions over any .
 I have used a lot of gates with my 3 children and dog . This one is a complete pain to use . I realize it 's not for `` heavy traffic '' areas , but even setting it up the first time is a major endeavor - if not an impossible one
 We bought this gate for my son , who is now 3 yrs . old now . The gate left marks on the walls where it compresses to stay up . He could easily get out of it from the bottom and crawl through . It was n't very sturdy . One good thing about the gate was that the material could be taken off to wash . Also the round plastic pieces that pop onto the sides to secure it up would not stay in the gate , and were constantly falling off . Needless to say we are buying a new gate for my new 7 mo. old son . Sad that we did n't like this one enough to actually use it again . Waste of money since we did have 2 of these .
 I installed this gate to limit my puppy 's roaming area . The instructions are not very detailed , and when trying to build it , one side snapped on easily , and the other would n't budge , and I had to push so hard that when it finally went , it crushed my hand . Also , installing it is not easy . To install , it says to push in the spring loaded tube , but there is no spring loaded tube . Overall , this product is hard to use , and you can injure yourself setting it up . I do not reccomend it .
 I do not advise getting this gate if you plan on putting it up and taking it down often . It 's a hassle to secure in place , and most times it is pretty flimsy if you ca n't get it 's `` spring locks '' to lock into place . It 's also difficult to get a good grip on the smooth , teeny handles that you need to twist to lock/set it . And sometimes it 's almost impossible to `` unlock '' it to take it down , and you just have to pull it out from the doorway.Only really good for rolling/crawling children ; Definitely AVOID this gate if your child is starting to pull up onto things , or is up walking around . It would probably give way if a child tried climbing , leaning , or pulling on it.Not very good at all ; definitely not worth the price . You could find something much better for around the same cost .
 I thought this gate was the answer to my problem - I needed a barrier for a 5 ' opening between the living room and dining room and did n't want to drill into the 1930 's gum wood trim . A wide pressure-mounted gate seemed like the perfect solution.Unfortunately , this gate does not live up to its claim of working in an opening up to 5 feet wide . I could hardly get the top and bottom bars to expand far enough . I wrestled with them for a long time - probably 30 minutes . I had to sit on the floor and pin the bars down with my legs to keep the gate from warping and popping up all over the place . I finally got them to open up to the full 60 '' , but the gate was not straight at all . It was all bent out of shape and twisted . I then attempted to install it , but it just did n't happen . I nearly threw out my back trying to twist it back to the proper shape , but it kept springing back before I could secure it in the opening . I almost had it a couple of times , but I just could n't muscle it in . Maybe if I had help I might have been able to get it in place . But even if I did manage to install it , I would be afraid that it would spring loose sometime and launch my little 11-month old across the living room or knock out one of those cute little teeth she has recently cut.I am terribly disappointed that this gate did not work as promised and have not yet decided on another gate . Maybe I will go back to pushing the coffee table in front of the opening and squeezing a toy box or chair or something into the remaining space . I doubt that will contain my active little one for much longer , though .
 It 's ironic that my son would break his arm over something I bought to help protect him . He was 2 years old . I wanted a gate that was wide , could expand to a wider width on top than on bottom to accommodate the baseboards . I did n't want anything with footholds that he could use for climbing . This gate fit the bill nicely.What happened ? My son tried to climb the gate anyway . He was able to get his leg over the top bar and when he did , the material on the top bar slid over and around the bar . He could n't grip the bar and slid right over the top , breaking his arm . Try gripping a metal bar with a loose padded nylon sleeve and you will see how difficult it is to grip the bar . Is this just a freak accident ? Probably , but I ca n't see myself giving 5 stars for a safety product that my child defeated.Pros : + expands to a wide width up to 60 inches + can make the top and bottom different widths to accommodate baseboards + easy to expand via a twisting motion + does not mar doorways + pressure mounted , is portable + mesh panel has no footholdsCons : - no door-cannot be used at top of the stairs because it is pressure mounted-if the kid gets over the top , he will fall right over ! ______________________________ UPDATE : So it 's been a few years and I 'm no longer afraid my son would fall over the gate . I have a dog and was trying to prevent the dog from going into the dining room from the kitchen . Out comes this gate . My son was 7 and my daughter 4 . The kids never went through that door per my instructions . Well , you know kids . This time , it was my daughter who tried to climb the gate . She also had the problem of not being able to get a grip on the top bar . She slid over the top and fell smack right on her face.Thought it was a fluke the first time . This gate really is n't made for climbers .
 I should have realized something was up when I noticed that the box listed this item as being for low traffic areas . My husband put it together with little difficulty . When he showed me how it works -- twisting the ends with your hands , I decided that this gate just was n't going to work . It was difficult for me to turn the end pieces . You would have to undo both top pieces and then step over the mesh gate as it drops to the floor . There is no way you could do this while holding a small child in your arms . It was too tall for me to step over , so leaving it up all the time was n't an option either . This went back into the box immediately and we are going to exchange it for another gate -- one that will open and close easily .
 I thought this would be the perfect solution for a 59 '' doorway with no molding in my game room . It was very easy to put together at the smallest width and , based on a few tests that I performed , the tension seemed good and relatively easy to work with at that width.However , when I expanded the gate to full capacity -LRB- instructions tell you that it should be at least 1/2 inch wider than doorway -RRB- the gate became very difficult to manipulate . I do n't know if it was me or if the gate was defective , but regardless of how much I adjusted the length of the top and bottom bars I could not get them even and the gate was significantly lopsided/warped . Also , the longer I made the gate , the less flexible it became for compression to fit into the doorway . It took about 30 minutes before I could finally get it in with a good fit - and then it was still lopsided.It was very strong when in place - my 11 month old attempted to climb it and it showed no signs of budging . However , when I tried -LRB- again -RRB- to fix the lopsided-ness , the gate popped loose leaving indentions in the drywall where it had been mounted . I returned this to the store the next day .
 I would not recommend this product to someone unless you have lots of time to put it up each time or you plan on never taking it down . AWESOME concept but not very easy to use at all !!!
 not as portable as i hoped it would be . heavy . difficult to install .
 It is not a very strong pressure mount . If a child pulls up on the gate , it falls down . My son just lifts up a corner and the gate comes down . It is fine if your child will not pull up or shake , not for an active child !
 This gate is suppose to expand easily to 60 inches to fit large openings . It advertises that you can adjust it to with ease . It is suppose to be pressure-mounted . They say it is easy to move and will not damage door frames . It is all a lie . The gate is impossible to expand and/or make smaller . You CAN NOT move it with ease once it is pressure mounted . And , when we tried to remove it from the wall - it left a hole the size of a tennis ball.It is a poorly constructed , horrible gate . Our gate was defective since it can not be made longer or shorter . We have tried to get in touch with customer service to return the gate and no one has called us back . RUN - DO NOT WALK AWAY FROM THIS VENDOR - choose another gate !!!!
 I cant comment on if this gate is great or not because I received a backpack instead . Why ? I have no clue . Amazon was less than helpful . I had to box it back up and take it to the post office , they would not send me a call tag . Also if the backpack that I didnt order wasnt back in their office in 30 days they would charge me for both the baby gate that I hadnt recieved and the backpack that I never wanted ? Doesnt seem fair to me . So needless to say that backpack was out of my home the next day . I didnt want to worry about getting a second backpack so I had them refund my credit card . I still cant see how the 2 could be confused . Very unhappy customer . Good luck everyone
 I 've used other Huggies diapers -LRB- specifically the ones featuring Leak Lock -RRB- and the Gentle Care diapers are absolutely not to be used at night . Even changing the baby during the night and reducing night-time feedings did not prevent leaks .
 This bag arrived at my doorstep today and I was very disappointed . The brown is not as pretty as it looks in the picture , and the stitching is messed up in several different places . The bag looks cheap . I am in the process of attempting to return this product and wo n't order Kalencom prodcuts anymore .
 I thought that these would help during diaper changes for my little one . If you have a baby who moves around alot during diaper changes , these are useless . Much easier just to use a diaper or baby wipe . Novel and cute idea , but not realistic for the squirmy ones .
 These things rarely stay on , and even when they do , once the pee stream starts , it pushes the teepee right off anyways . Unless your baby is motionless , or is a weak uninator , then do n't even bother with these . You 're better off just putting a dry wipe on your boy 's junk to deflect the stream and soak up the pee .
 These are a waste of money . They get pee all over the place . You might as well just use a towel or quickly put on the diaper .
 Our son is very squirmy on the changing table , so the teepee never stays in place . These are a great idea but do n't work as we 'd hoped . We 've given up on them and just risk getting squirted .
 What a great idea ! I loved the concept but they did n't hold up in the wash . The bag seams came apart and some of the little teepees came apart.Would recommend if they were made better : -LRB-
 If your baby is a wax model this would work perfectly . Maybe I am doing it wrong but at 3 am in the morning need an easier solution . I now use a cloth over my baby 's peepee works great !
 Cute idea , but not really practical . They might work if your baby does n't kick his legs very much when you change his diaper ! My son kicks them right off . : -LRB-
 This is a great idea , but they did not work . They do not stay in place and the peepee stream blows the teepee right off if it is in place .
 I think this is a great concept and I like the golf design but they are worthless . They are tiny and they fall right off the second they move . My little guy is a wiggle worm , as most babies are , and these never stayed on .
 Regret not listening to those feedbacks of telling how useless of this product . I would never recommend it . Just waste of money . Should have spent that ten bucks on diapers . It seems 1star is the lowest rating , ow , would give 0 star .
 We brought them because they are cute but we found that they are completely useless . Can not stay on my son and shrink after wash .
 Only can be used if your baby does n't move at all on the changing table . Cute concept but doesnt work . Your best bet is to use a baby washcloth so that when they `` go '' it is absorbed . The pee pee tee pees do not absorb anything . Just gets all over the baby
 We were very disappointed with this product . In comes in the tiniest little bag and they are soooo tiny ... not at all what we expected and really only good for a laugh over the name ...
 Too small , not heavy enough , so they do n't stay in place . Good for a laugh , but not much else .
 I bought these for my infant son . I thought they were adorable . Despite everyone telling me to save my money an use a cloth diaper over him I bought these . They are very cute and creative but not practical . They are very small and do not stay on my son . These would be a very cute gift to give at a shower or something but not to buy for yourself . I have n't moved them from the bathroom so no one has even been able to appreciate the cuteness of them and I have n't been able to appreciated their effectiveness because they do n't work . Save your money -LRB- even though you ca n't resist how adorable they are -RRB- !
 I orederd these hen my son was born , and I lost them the first week of ordering them . You might as well do n't spend your money on these , and use a rag or cloth to cover your son with . They look great estetically speaking , but seriously ? ... they are not useful .
 These are so tiny ! We tried to use them , but they barely cover anything ! You are better off having a larger piece if cloth or a cloth diaper handy to really save yourself from getting drenched and preventing a larger mess.These are o tiny that by the time you fumble for them , the accident is in progress !
 Weeeell ... this thing is nothing more than a gag gift , if you ask me . An attentive parent will notice that the child pees in a pattern , not willy-nilly spraying the moment his nappy 's off . My newborn has spaces of about 15 ' between pees . Add to that , there is the wake-up-pee that happens within 5 minutes after he wakes up from a nap , and the after-nursing-pee that is about 30 ' after a breastfeeding session . If we parents can notice the cues for when baby is hungry or tired , we can also learn the pee cues -LRB- the pinkle dance , nostril flaring , staring in the distance , latching on-and-off the breast -RRB- , because Lord knows we ai n't dumb . : -RRB-
 bought it as i really wanted it to work ... . Use it as a gag gift for another but dont expect it to really work ...
 I agree with other reviews saying it is not very useful , except maybe in the very newborn period . Once my son started moving his legs it was pretty much the end of the peepee teepee use . . It does not stay on when u need it to . Maybe it it had a strap to keep it stable it would have been of better use . I would n't recommend it . I did n't use it more than a week .
 I would love to say that this worked out great for our son , but unfortunately the Peepee Teepee could not hold up to the strength of our son 's pee , and served more as an interesting fountain moment followed by the need to still clean up . Even moreso since we were caught unprepared with the cloth we normally had on hand . Great concept , but would not recommend .
 I needed an electric pump after finding out my daughter would not be able to nurse due to a surgery she needed right after birth . I was excited to get a nice pump after having only a manual pump I used with my son . I was lucky enough the hospital where my daughter was being cared for rented a medela pump to me during our stay -LRB- for about a month -RRB- following the surgery . Immediately after starting to use the lansinoh regularly I noticed the suction was not adequate . At first , one side would get an ok amount of milk out while the other side would barely get out a few drops . Then , the one side would only sometimes work , and after about a month or so of using it , I could not get nearly enough milk out . I tried pumping more often and for longer periods and nothing seems to work . If this was n't my last child I would absolutely go buy a medela . It 's really not worth it to try to save money on a breast pump . Now I have to do some formula feeding and some breastmilk feeding while my milk is continuing to diminish . Spend the money on a better pump .
 I purchased the Lansinoh based on reviews and price , not really knowing what to expect since this is my first baby and have never breastfed . The pump worked okay - the biggest complaint is the noise , the Lansinoh double electric pump makes a high pitched squeak on each pump , which get annoying after a minute or so . We ended up purchasing a Medela after using it at the hospital . I HIGHLY recommend having a lactation consultant help you ! Do not try to figure it out yourself . Breastfeeding/pumping is not natural for the new mom - have someone trained help you . It will make a huge difference in your peace of mind and also milk production . Good luck .
 This would have been an excellent pump except the pump parts and bottles the pump came with contain BPA / Bisphenol A. Lansinoh does make BPA Free storage bottles and hopefully in the near future they will make all parts of their products BPA Free such as Medela . Looking for BPA Free bottles , sippy cups , and sterilizer get Born Free . Beware of your pacifiers and bottles AVENT contains BPA . I returned mine for Gerber Nuk and Soothie pacifiers that are BPA Free . Hopefully together we can keep our children safe ! Amazon would n't let me alter the number of stars but obviously it is not a 5 due to the BPA .
 I did my research and made the decision to buy this pump to help keep and build my milk supply . I have only gotten drops out of this pump . i can hand express and manual pump more efficiently than using this pump . Since I started using this pump my milk supply has actually decreased . this is not from lack of pumping , I pump every 2 hours alternating with feeding so I am pumping or feeding every hour . There has never been enough suction to draw out milk . I can hand express some milk before pumping and the pump still doesnt draw out any milk . I already have milk supply issues due to breast reduction surgery and was told by a lactation consultant to pump constantly to help keep my supply and to increase it . i thought maybe it was just my supply was too low but I can at least get something with the manual pump I purchased just to compare . i am devastated that I spent $ 130 on a pump and I cant return it and my supply is decreasing . I will be contacting customer service tomorrow and will update when I have new info .
 *** UPDATED REVIEW ********** I used this pump for 8 months and it was awesome , it got the job done and I got a lot of milk within just a few minutes . After using it for 8 months it just stopped working . It just shuts off after 40secs sometimes it will run until the 2 minute mark and then it will stop . Having said that amazon did agree to refund my money since I was still within the return window . So I went out and bought another one from Target because I NEEDED to pump . The new one from target is MUCH louder and does n't seem to exactly the same , the suction is so weak and nothing like the first one . I contacted their customer service and they dont really seem to care much . They told me to send in both pumps for a refund but it will weeks to process . and they will only give me $ 100 for the older one . What a load of rubbish . DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND !!!
 I bought this breast pump reluctantly after two manuals did n't work well . I 'm a stay at home mother and exclusively breast feed , so I needed this pump for date night and mixing cereals and just plain staying infertile ... so I saw all the great reviews and bought this pump from Baby 's R Us . I was sorely dissapointed in the process . I thought I would hook them up and bam there would be plenty of milk with little effort and easy cleanup ... not so much . I paid extra money for this . First thing was the noise . I can ONLY pump when my DO is asleep . We live in a one bedroom apartment and so there 's no place to hide . I just shut the door and pray . It woke her right up both times . It sounds like hippos humping -LRB- no offense -RRB- . I could n't even hear her when she started crying . Then there was the suction . I could n't believe how little suction it offered . I pumped for 10 minutes with both breasts attached . I barely got 2 oz and was very tired of holding those bottles in front of me . How do you working mommas do it ??? So , I thought how much more suction my manuals had but they seemed to break down eventually by 3 months of use . It makes sense though , most manual things do work better ; I 'm paying for ease of use I guess . I just did n't think it easier at all . It was tiresome , loud , stressful and once I got them on , I did n't have hands to adjust the settings ! Now , I 'm in search of a single breast pump manual or electric that really sucks and is very quiet ! Please let me know if you know of one . It 's not cool that someone spends loads of money on these things for your baby 's health and then ca n't return it when it does n't work well . Breast pumps can be boiled for 10 minutes and are completely safe to use . They even make you boil them at first use anyway , which makes me think they are returned and reshelved more often than we think .
 I 'm a SAHM , and my daughter breastfeeds just fine , but I was told I 'd need a pump anyway . This pump was given as a gift at my Shower , and I only have to use it about once a week when I 'm really full and baby is sleeping -LRB- or she 's already full off other breast -RRB- . As time has gone by -LRB- my daughter is 3 months now -RRB- the pump seems to have lost some of it 's suction power . I pump for 10 minutes ... and end up with sore nipples , still full boobs and maybe an ounce of fore milk . I can hand express my milk better than this pump can get it out.I also do n't like how LOUD this pump is . I have to pump in the bathroom under the stairs or else I might wake the neighborhood!I wish I could go back in time and take this item off my registry and replace it with a single manual pump . I feel bad so much money was spent on a product that just barely works .
 I originally bought a pump from Amazon.com in December of 2008 . Since I 'm a stay at home mom , I did n't require the use of my pump on a daily basis but used it successfully -LRB- approximately three or four times a week -RRB- for about 5 months . That 's about the best thing I can say for this product . Towards the middle of the fifth month , I found that the suction no longer worked sufficiently on my pump . I called Amazon and they referred me to the Lansinoh headquarters in Virginia . When I spoke with the Lansinoh representative , I was told that if the pump made a round mark on my finger when pumping then it was not a problem with the suction of the pump but an issue with the hoses and exterior pieces . I waited about 5 days to receive the exterior pieces only to find that the pump STILL did not function properly even with all exterior parts replaced . I called a SECOND time and was informed that I could have a new pump but would have to ship my broken pump in first . I shipped my pump that day and received a replacement pump approximately 10 days later . The replacement pump worked two times and then it ALSO FAILED to work . By this time , I was on a trip and separated from my baby so I was forced to go out and purchase a completely new pump from Wal-Mart . I did not even open the exterior parts from their individual packaging and only used the brand new pump portion . -LRB- This clearly indicates that the replacement pump they sent me was defective -RRB- . Now , I am being told that Lansinoh will not reimburse me for the second pump that I had to buy - they will only send me another replacement for the one that is n't working so that I will now have two working pumps . This is not a satisfactory arrangement because if the pumps did not break frequently then there is no reason why a mother should need more than one breast pump.I am very unhappy with the overall integrity of the machine that does not appear to function well over time . I am angered further by the policy that mothers have to jump through hoops to correct a problem that arises . -LRB- For those of you who are nursing , you know that it is extremely difficult for a mother to go without a pump for such a lengthy period . If you 're away from your baby for over four or five hours , you have to pump to keep up your milk supply and avoid clogged ducts . -RRB- Now I 'm out nearly $ 300 and I have not one , but two pumps that are of highly questionable quality . I should have bucked up the money for a Medela in the first place . I have lots of mom friends who bought the Medela and none of them regret it .
 I just bought this pump at Walmart because my Medela pump just quit on me . I wanted to buy another one but was in a pinch and settled for this one . I just spent 30 minutes trying to pump and I got nothing . The suction on this pump is HORRIBLE . There is no suction whatsoever ... it 's awful . When using my Medela pump , milk begins coming out instantly . With this , barely two drops came out after 20 minutes . I tired it on every setting there was and nothing . I agree with everyone else 's reviews
 I have never had an issue with Lansinoh products before ... until now ! I ordered this pump for a friend as a gift because she just delivered her baby . After five minutes of using the pump , the motor dies . So , she unplugged it and took the hoses off , and plugged it back in ... it still DID N'T work !! The timer numbers would show , but then they would disappear 30 seconds after turning it on . I am very sad after paying so much money for a product that does n't work . I will be returning this item and expecting a refund . In the meantime , I will be looking to get her a pump elsewhere .
 I should have purchased a Medela pump . I got this one for about $ 100 and wish I had sprung for a Medela . The lactation consultant at the hospital said this was an okay pump . I wanted the double pumping to save me time . I NEVER used it . With 2 pumps going the suction was n't strong enough to do anything . With a single pump I still had to use my hand to massage my breast to get milk . I pumped once a day for a month prior to returning to work and then 3 times a day when I returned to work . After 2 months of pumping a few times a day it barely has any suction left . It was so bad that today I was in pain because I could n't get any milk out . I tried several times reconnecting everything to see if something was loose . I was lucky and a friend had a clean , sterile spare pump I could use to get some relief because I had n't pumped in over 8 hours . Save yourself time and stress . This pump actually caused my milk production to drop because it started pumping so little . I had friends who pumped quickly and efficiently with the Medela . This pump took forever for me to get milk and had no suction .
 Package arrived today with all the bags inside torn open , water spots , hair , and other debris around the pump area that touches your skin , and we 're even missing some things that are on the `` included '' list . This item was purchased by a friend as a gift from our baby registry so I do n't even know how to exchange this for a new one.I do n't even know where to start other to say that someone better contact us soon about sending a replacement as there was no contact information on the receipt -LRB- actually there was no receipt at all - only a return slip -RRB- and I certainly do n't want to have to explain this to our friend.Ridiculous .
 When looking for baby/breast feeding equipment I banked a lot of time on Amazon researching breast pumps -LRB- do n't we all ... -RRB- and because I could n't imagine paying the price for the Medela I went with the Lansinoh . Actually , I ended up being given a double electric Lansinoh for free so that helped too ! During my first pumping session the Lansinoh stopped working . Just completely turned off . Instead of wising up and going with a different product I went out and bought another Lansinoh , thinking a new and not used one would work better
 I bought the Lansinoh Affinity prior to having my first child . When I delivered , I had an emergency C section and had to stay in the hospital for 4 days . The hospital had Medela Symphony pumps in every mother/baby room and in the NICU where my daughter was too . I LOVED the Symphony . It really got the job done ! I used the Lansinoh twice two days before my daughter was due to come home . I had been pumping at the hospital , but wanted to try at home . Needless to say , I DID NOT like the Lansinoh . It 's loud , it hurt my nipples and had poor suction . I did not think the settings were very good at the finer adjustments and finesse needed for good pumping . I got less milk in 10 minutes from the Lansinoh than I did in 5 minutes using the Medela . I ended up going and buying a Medela Pump In Style . Ladies , do your breasts a favor - spend your money on a Medela !
 I bought this pump despite bad reviews and I regretted it from day one . The pump NEVER worked properly and nothing I did would make it work the way that it should . I was never able to get any milk out with this pump . I highly recommend a Medela Pump In Style Advanced pump . Do n't waste your money on one of these to try to save some money .
 The first unit was a shower gift and I ended up needing to start using it sooner than planned , due to baby being early and having some latching issues . That said , it was still a few months from the time of purchase that I used the pump for the first time . It had very little suction - I mean barely detectable . Being a first-time mom , I thought I must be doing something wrong . I went to see a lactation doctor and she advised that the unit was defective . The company gave me a hassle because of the length of time -LRB- several months -RRB- since purchase , but then they reluctantly replaced the base unit with another one . The new unit worked pretty well for me until I went back to work and attempted to use it without being plugged in . The unit holds charge for about 5 minutes and then abruptly dies ... OR ... if you are in let-down mode -LRB- which is a 2-minute cycle -RRB- and it switches over to regular mode , it dies . It simply does n't perform without being plugged in . Since I do n't have an outlet available in the lactation `` room '' -LRB- closet -RRB- at work , this pump is useless to me there . There is also no a/c adapter available for this pump , which I find ridiculous . I regret buying this pump and would buy a Medela , if I had to do it over again . Unfortunately , it is a costly investment , so I will have to make do with this one and its limitations . Hopefully this will help someone else avoid my mistake .
 The breast pump was not powerful enough to adequately suction the milk regardless of the setting . I called the manufacture for assistance and they said they would swap parts but that a refund would not be provided . This was problematic because the parts were not broken ; the product was just poor quality . I would suggest spending the extra money and getting a quality breast pump.It was also very difficult to contact the manufacturer because their business hours were not responsible for someone living in the western portion of the country . Even when I called during their business hours , I still got their answering machine .
 I do not usually write reviews , but I felt it was important to write this one.Please do not waste your money on this pump !!!! If you pump occasionaly this pump might work for you , but if you have to go back to work and pump on a regular basis , this pump is a total waste of your money . It does not have a good suction and it is very poorly designed . I had to request a replacement of my pump first week I started using it daily . The new pump they sent still does not work well and the suction is very bad . Just like everyone else I read the reviews and I could not afford a $ 300 Medela pump so I bought this one . After dealing with this terribile pump for 3 months , I now realize that it is so worth spending the money and purchasing either a Medela or Ameda pump that ALL lactation specialists recommend . Please do not make the same mistake ! You will pay twice !!
 i bought this pump about 2 weeks ago and 2 days ago i was pumping when it turned off on its own . I thought it was the outlet that i was using but after trying a different outlet i realized it was the pump . Ever since that day its been turning off , not even 2 minutes after starting . Other than that its really loud when in use , i cant pump while my baby is sleeping in the same room . I would NOT recommend this pump at all even for its price , because i have to come back out of pocket to buy another pump
 product did not work . defective . very disapointed since it got 4 stars . I was looking forward to receiving this item .
 My wife bought this pump after reading reviews and thought this would suit us as we travel a lot for our jobs . It 's light and easy to travel with . It worked great for the first 5 months we owned it . She loved it ! She was solely pumping , so the pump definitely got a lot of use but around the 5th month , the suction started to stop working . This created lots of problems with her milk supply and had to start supplementing with formula . I read other reviews that had similar problems around the 6th month ... with the suction going bad . But others have n't . So it 's a great deal and a great pump if the suction stays good . you will be taking a chance with this one . The company is very easy to work with ... they are sending us a new pump but it still falls under the one year warranty from when we purchased the first pump . so if this one goes bad in 7 months , we will be out a pump . They would not return the pump which probably is n't that abnormal , but still annoying . She does n't have anything to compare it to since this is our first child and first pump . But will probably go with a different pump next time around .
 I bought this pump as a replace of my first years double electric pump that is still working perfect but got off twice , it has now 6 months -LRB- it pumps three times daily -RRB- , Lansinoh appers a good option to us , we ordered at amazon but from a third party that took to many days to ship it even with the two day shipping payment , now I got the pump , I can assure you the pump does n't gets any milk at all -LRB- it does n't matter the combination of cycle and suction you use -RRB- after that we used my first years again and we got about 8 onz .
 I bought this breast pump for my wife and for 4 and a half months it worked great . She used it everyday and was very pleased . But the suction started to decrease and what took 20 minuted started taking 45 minutes . So we decided to buy a different pump , well the walmart in our small town only had this pump . We decided to go ahead and buy it . It did work so well and she desperately needed relief . The second one stopped working after less than two weeks of use . We are extremely disappointed ! We have contacted the manufacturur and am waiting for a call back . I would n't suggest anyone buy this pump . Its understandable for something to stop working or break every now and then but for both of them to stop working is ridicules . Now we have spent more than two hundred dollars and would have much rather spent that on a better pump !
 I 'm giving this 2 stars because the only good thing about this product is the flanges are comfortable when pumping and that 's basically it . The worst part is that it only comes with one size and you have to order them through lansinoh if you want a different size . Even the cheap single hand pumps will come with various size flanges . After using this breast pump for a week the motor started slowing down for no reason and eventually stopped working altogether . Waste of time and money . I was able to pump more milk out with a hand pump than with this thing anyway . Would not recommend .
 After only a couple uses , this stopped working when trying use it with batteries . It still works plugged into AC .
 In these hard and trying economic times , the search for an effective , efficient and reasonably priced breast pump is paramount , and after careful research on amazon i decided to go with this pump ... WHAT A MISTAKE !!! I got ONE USE out of this pump , ONE !!!! half way through my second attempt to use it , the suction stopped and I have n't been able to use it since ! I am SO ANNOYED , DISAPPOINTED , and ANGERED ! I can not send it back , and I can not get a refund . This is so awful ! Over a hundred dollars , DOWN THE DRAIN ! I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PUMP TO ANY MOTHER WHO IS NURSING ! NO HELP TO ME AT ALL AND TOTAL WASTE OF MY TIME AND MONEY !!!! TWO THUMBS EMPHATICALLY DOWN !!!!!!!!!
 Product did not work so now I am out of $ 121.00 not too happy with the out come . So how I am out the gift card totally and a breast pump .
 I bought this breast pump based on the reviews I read elsewhere thinking I made a good choice with all the other ones out there . The reviews were 50/50 , but I decided to give it a try . Basically after the first month of pumping it started to squeak very loudly and I had to put a pillow over it to keep the noise to a minimal . Also when changing the setting from the mid point to the max point the pump did not pump any faster then the mid point which was very disappointing . I never did get a lot of yield from this pump . Trust me , you are better off with a different pump !!
 I went into early labor -LRB- 6 weeks -RRB- so my husband went to the local Walmart & bought this pump . It worked for 91 days . The warranty is only good for 90 days . It is extremely loud , has a lot of parts , and I did n't like having to pump then pour the milk in a bottle . After this sorry pump died , I did rent a Medela . Lots of parts too but much quieter . I then bought an Avent single electric & realized what I 'd been missing . Even though it was a single pump , I was able to pump more milk in less time -LRB- for both breasts -RRB- than either of the previous pumps . It 's quiet & pumps straight to a bottle . Lansinoh nursing pads are good but the pump is absolutely terrible
 I got this off my baby list and I used it 3 times when I went to use it again it would turn on and right back off then after pushing the on button many time I finally got it to turn on and work then it shut off after five minutes now it just turns on and off again sometimes you can hear it try to start like something is lose and I do n't like the suction levels very poor suction although dose get the milk out but takes much longer
 I bought this pump while I was pregnant because of the reviews and the trust I had in previous lansinoh products . After having my baby this pump was fantastic . I loved the settings and that it felt like a hospital grade product and gave me a great milk supply . 1 month into using it once a day and it has now stopped working regularly . I have tried everything , replacing parts , changing plugs , still nothing . It works for about 3 seconds on the let down phase and shuts off immediately , unless I quickly change the suction level . I called customer service and they are no longer manufacturing this pump so if you purchase it and something is faulty , they will not be able to replace it , only refund you . Just a quick FYI on my experience . I am disapointed , I wish I would have went with my original choice of the avent double pump instead .
 When my son was first born he had trouble latching on so I was pumping exclusively for about the first month . I purchased this pump because it was decently priced and I read pretty good reviews for it . When I first began using it , I was very surprised by how much noise it made . It is extremely loud to the point that I would cover it with a blanket to try and muffle the sound . You can not pump in the same room as your sleeping baby , or sleeping partner for that matter , unless he sleeps like a rock ! It was so loud that I was embarrassed to pump at other people 's homes . But it extraced the milk so I was willing to keep using it for the time being . But then after about 3 days use , the motor stopped working . I had to call the customer service department and they shipped me out a new base . To Lansinoh 's credit , they have a very nice and helpful customer service department and they shipped the new motor out to me quickly . I continued to use it for a few weeks without issue , with exception of the noise , until my son was able to latch on and we no longer need it . I have recently returned to work and purchased an Avent dual-electric pump as I could n't imagine trying to use that noisey pump in an office setting . I 'm very happy with my new pump ; it works quietly and actually extracts more milk than the Lansinoh pump . Basically , it comes down to you get what you pay for and I would say its worth it to spend a little bit more and get a better product .
 This product looked good and came with storage bags and the lansinoh nipple cream samples . However , it 's performance as a pump was quite disappointing . I had been using an avent manual pump daily for my son 's supply for the creche/daycare center and typically got 12 oz per session from both breasts in 30 - 40 mins . With this pump , i got barely 3 oz from both breasts after 30 minutes of pumping!Also , it has more parts to fit together than i care for . I had read reviews and some found it great but sadly , that wasnt my experience .
 Reallllly disappointing !! Let me just say I rarely , if ever , write a bad review , let alone take the time to write a review at all . But , I felt compelled , even if I save just one mommy the trouble I 'm experiencing right now . I 've used several different brands of pumps -LRB- Avent , Medela , etc. -RRB- and I have to say , Lanisoh is the worst!I just had my baby 3 weeks ago via c-section , so I 'm really trying hard to increase my milk supply and this pump is not helping ! Yeah it does the job , but there are so many other pumps out there that will do one better.The pump system itself is weak , because if you even slightly bend the tubing , it will lose ALL suction . I do n't think the suction cups were made that well in respect to angle and effectiveness at collecting milk . If I am not tipping myself and my boobs forward , the milk will just leak back out without falling down into the collection bottle -- so stupid!Also , unless there are batteries in it , or it is plugged into the wall , it wo n't work . There are no rechargeable batteries or backup power so it 's truly inconvenient . I 'm used to the pumps you charge and then can bring anywhere in the house with you -- on the couch , in the bathroom , bedroom , wherever . I do n't like the idea of being chained to a wall or relying on battery power which will likely drain after the first few uses and stop working at optimal power . Meh . Unimpressed.And worst of all , and I mean , WORST , is the horrible , annoying , maddening sound this thing makes . It sounds like a dying cow or donkey , the pump is LOUD and OBNOXIOUS ! I absolutely HATE it ! I hate pumping because the sound is so irritating , it 's hard to even watch television because the pump drowns it out . I end up having the pump stuffed under a mountain of pillows and blankets just to muffle the sound while I pump.I totally regret buying this pump -LRB- purchased it because of decent reviews on here -RRB- and wish I had just purchased what I know and love -- Medela . My advice ?? Save yourself the headache-Go with Medela , you ca n't go wrong .
 If I could rate this product a zero , I would have , I gave it one star , because that was the option ! I did the research and thought for the money that this would be the best pump within it 's price range -- I was so wrong !! I took it out of the box , set it up , and it began to pump just as well as the Medela pump that I used in the hospital ----- BUT THE SUCTION STOPPED WORKING IN 5 minutes ! -- NO EXAGGERATION ! SERIOUSLY NO EXAGGERATION AT ALL !!! I had just come home with my baby and was very disappointed !!!! My husband is a design and manufacturing engineer and opened up the breast pump to try and troubleshoot the machine , only to find that the parts were extremely cheap and poorly designed and put together , he found there was a problem with the way the screws were set up on the motor part that controls the suction , but because the machine is such a piece of crap , he couldnt even fix it ----- -LRB- my husband designs products for a living , so he knew what he was doing !! -RRB- I only plan on breastfeeding for 3 months , luckily my hospital will allow me to rent a medela pump !! DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK , YOU WILL REGRET IT !!! If breastfeeding is extremely important to you , go with the Medela !!! With the medela pump in the hospital , i was able to pump 2 ounces to 4 ounces of milk in less than 15 minutes !!! The Lansinoh Affinity Double Electric Breast Pump is a waste of money !!!!
 I do n't know how many stars to give this item . I hesitate to even post this , because I ca n't stand it , personally , when people review things unrelated to the item that should be posted under seller reviews or similar . But as I have now ordered this breast pump TWICE from two different companies , and have n't received the item pictured , but have rather received the redesigned -LRB- and poorly reviewed ! -RRB- Lansinoh Affinity Pump -LRB- you can see the reviews here
 Pregnant with our first child , I purchased this one due to the lower price and reviewers saying it was easy to clean . It is easy to clean and that is the only plus . This pump is very harsh on the nipples . I kept sore nipples the whole 4 weeks it actually worked . The pump went out on me in week five after my daughter was born . I had to send my husband out to the local Walgreens for an emergency pump , as I had just gone back to work . I did use this pump all the time , as my daughter was born with cleft lip and could not breastfeed at all . We purchased a $ 45 single electric pump from Walgreens after this one abruptly died . My new pump has a carrying case , is easy to use , and I am getting more milk now in less time because it is gentle on my nipples . Ladies , if you are planning to pump a good bit , skip this product and buy or rent a nicer pump or buy the cheaper single pump at Walgreens for a back-up , because you will need it . This pump is made of very cheap plastic and will not last .
 I read the previous reviews in regards to these diapers and decided I will give them a try . At the beginning I was all excited at how cute they looked and that once diaper is full the smiles on the balloons would disappear . Well , all in all good diapers but the ink from the smiles -LRB- which is light blue -RRB- that 's supposed to disappear does n't completely do that . In a few places on the diaper it does disappear , but the part I am not happy about is that the blue ink ended up on my daughter 's back . At firt I could n't figure out where the blue spots were coming from on her back , and then once I changed the diaper to pampers diapers the spots disappeared and did n't come back . The diapers also seemed a little small for a size 4 . The width of the diaper in the middle section was just too small . Many times my daughter would have leaks from that part of the diaper , and the diaper was n't even full . It was n't constructed very well because when my daughter was peeing the pee was coming out from the side of the diaper , and the diaper was n't even full . I will not buy these diapers again , mainly because it stains the body and the blue ink does n't come off that easily .
 These diapers are extremely thin , therefore the absorbency is very poor . My baby soaked himself on these each time . You can imagine the hassle of changing his clothes and bathing after each use . IT cost me more than the savings . It is worth to pay one cent more per diaper for luvs or something premium . I gave it two stars because they feel soft , quantity , shipping , and I was able to return them .
 Diapers do not stay fastened and are always coming off . Also do not absorb as much as other diapers I have used .
 I put this product together in 15 - 20 minutes . Put my 6 month old into the swing , place plastic tray into position . Next thing I know the baby starts crying uncontrollably , due to legs being scratched from hard plastic underside of the tray , and attachment pieces of the tray -LRB- 3 inch scratch on right leg from corner of attachment -RRB- . Even after removing the tray the baby kept scratching his legs on the attachment pieces for the tray , they are not removable just folds up or down . Only problem . Besides this the swing is sturdy & well-made . Have n't called evenflow yet . I will definitely return it .
 Was so hopeful these would work , but they do n't tell you how much space you need between the door and the frame . Had to return them .
 Be careful ! your door need 90 degree angle for this product to mount . Besides , the attached screw is in bad quality and easy to bend . The attached screw could not make a straight punch because it 's too easy to bend -LRB- very soft -RRB- !!! I punch lots of extra failure holes becayse of the defect screw .
 though can act as a reinforcement for a deadbolt , i am not impressed with the quality of steel , this is after all made in CHINA . one 3 '' screw broke while installing by hand.and the plate that the screw goes in bends easily.if your going to sell a product as this , at least use quality steel . i think consumers would pay a little more knowing this product could hold up . too much garbage in the U.S. that use cheap labor and materials in the name of extra profits . keeping children indoors more likely .
 what a rip off ! I put this item on my registry , because it matched the crib set ... I never saw it until it arrived as a gift . I was thoroughly disappointed when it came & saw it was made of cheap plastic . The music was SOOOOOO loud , with no volume control -- I was scared to use it in the evening when trying to put the baby to sleep ! Not to worry though ... by the time the baby was ready to sleep alone in the crib , the music box/turning feature broke altogether !! How frustrating , because I 've had music boxes before and was EXTREMELY careful not to overturn . Now I have to go buy another mobile altogether , after someone paid $ 50 for this piece of junk at BabiesRUs .
 Item is very poor quality ... item arrived with blue discoloration all over white part of the pad ... most likely from blue color wipe container that comes with this pad and is included .
 I like the size and shape of this pad , but after a few months of use , all the folds are cracking and ripping . I would say that I use it a minimal amount - maybe a few times a week . Kids need a changing pad for a lot longer than a few months , so it 's disappointing to have to replace it so quickly .
 First off , Great Price !! I figured that its so inexpensive that i could just get it and if it didnt work out . . well thats $ 15 -LSB- w/shipping -RSB- . Ok , I really , really , really , love the idea of this product . Really . And this one seemed the most efficiant and useful for what i had in mind . I was looking to make it apart of my diaper bag system that would be an diaper/wipes/cream / changing pad take away that i would just grab and go to the bathroom when we are out to eat etc. as to not take the whole bag . Well i should have realized that you cant fit all those products -LSB- even the tiny trial size of cream -RSB- into an item of this sort -LSB- of which there are many Fleurville Mod Pod , Skip Hop Pronto , Munchkin , etc -RSB- without it becoming quite bulky . THIS product with the wipes case alone presents as the picture depicts . Add even one or two diapers -LSB- size 3or4 -RSB- and it doubles in thickness . Add a tiny travel purell or 2oz tube of cream and it triples becoming more of a ROLL UP . Litterally a cylinder shape that takes up ALOT of space in a bag . If you picture most diaper bags , it would be about 11 inches long but around 5-6 '' diameter . Then there is the velcro . The closure is a velcro strip that when you use all three compartments -LSB- 2 size 3-4 diapers , the wipes case and a small tube of cream -RSB- it barely closes . Truth is i should have realized that before given spacial reasoning . You cant add to something without it getting bigger . I just didnt realize HOW big it got . But , it does work for others given its great reviews . I just would have liked to have known prior , what it would be like . And it would be just great for a spare for the car , grandparents house etc ! So if you are wanting it for those reasons , to stand alone as pictured on the stroller , then the only thing i would say is the velcro strip is not long enough to take in account the possible size growth . Hope this helps .
 Well , first the good
 The first box that was delivered was almost completely destroyed , barely held together by a few remaining pieces of tape . Two sides of the box were open and completely exposed to the elements . Peering into the box it was obvious that some pieces were banged up and water damaged . Amazon promptly agreed to arrange for a return and to ship us a new one . -LRB- The UPS guy who picked up the package gave me a hard time about accepting such a beat up box . -RRB- The second dresser arrived in a box that was also seriously distressed , but the sides were still intact so we decided to try to open and put it together.Inside we found that a container of 26 wood screws was broken open . We found about 11 screws throughout the packaging that had caused a number of superficial scratches to the facade of the dresser , but at this point we decided to keep it rather than hold out hope that the third dresser would be in any better shape . Luckily we had wood screws that we could substitute for the missing screws . Then putting together one of the drawers , we noticed that the drawer slider on one side had been incorrectly pre-attached to the top of the drawer instead of the bottom . We had to unscrew that drawer slider , drill on the correct side of the drawer and re-attach it ourselves . Finally two holes that should have been pre-drilled to attach the top side of the dresser had not been drilled so we had to do that ourselves as well . The directions were a bit lacking , especially the photographs , and it required a lot of patience on our part to figure this out.Believe it or not though , the dresser itself is actually pretty good quality for the money . For comparison , it 's much more stable and better quality materials than the dresser we got from Ikea for our first baby . If they could just figure out how to ship it ...
 I ordered the Cherry as shown in the picture and the description of this dresser , but it came in white . Now that my husband was so kind to put it together before I saw it was white , I am keeping it , but I am very upset . April
 Be forewarned the Tempo line contains BPA in the bottles ! The ring touches the milk or formula -LRB- leakage of the neurotoxin can occur ! -RRB- . Why create a BPA-Free liner with a bottle that has polycarbonate in it ? I got fooled ... I do n't want you to as well ! Take care . Let 's keep our babies safe !
 I was so anxious to get this and when I finally did , my daughter was just not that interested with it . She barely plays with it . I was hoping that with this she would spend more time on her tummy because she normally hates that . Maybe that 's why she did n't care much for this .
 I recently purchased this for my 3 month old nephew who loves finding nemo ... i figured this has an ocean scene and bright colors ... how can i go wrong . . i 'll admit the price was a little steep ... $ 70 ... but i figured if it keeps him occupied and happy why not ... i 'll have to admit , i was happy with it and he liked it ... the dangling toys are great and can clip on to a carrier seat or carriage ... however ... warning to all moms ... the mirror that comes with this product will interest your child , but is too heavy for the velcro it comes with ... found that out the hard way when it fell and hit him square in his head . for what i paid , that should have been attached to the product itself ... it could have spared him a lot of pain and me the agony of feeling bad all day because the toy i bought him ended up hurting him ... moms its not worth it .
 This gym was given to us at a shower , and I was excited because I had read some good reviews ... plus it was like $ 70.00 and no way would I have ever paid that ! We started using it when my son was around 2 months old , and he had no interest in it . He 'd look at the water box and lights for a few seconds , but it was hard to get it to play music -LRB- you had to literally slap it , and I think it should have easily came on when the gym jiggled -RRB- and the music was really low . We tried new batteries , which did n't help . The 3 toys it comes with are really uninteresting ... one is a plastic fish that like Morgan 's Mommy 's review stated `` Resembled a dog toy . '' The stuffed turtle did nothing , and the little plastic book was n't very interesting since my son was 2 months old . The toys just hung there ... and he was not happy at all . The flaps on the bottom of the mat might have been interesting later on , but there were 3 different languages on them and since my son ca n't it seemed a little pointless . I tried several times letting him play in this gym , since just because it seemed boring to me , did n't mean it was to him . But , at every attempt he laid there and looked and the gym for a couple of minutes , and then his attention would go to looking around the room , the tv , the dog , or other toys laying near.I took this gym back to Babies R Us , and it was on clearance for $ 40 -LRB- not really surprising -RRB- . I exchanged it for the Fisher Price Rainforest Gym , and my son loves everythig about it and so do I. . . and I totally recommend it !
 My daughter is now 31/2 months old . I have put her under this gym for 2 months and she still has NO interest . The mirror is n't positioned where she can see herself and the toys are boring to look at compared to her tiny love mobile she has in her crib.I know others rate it high but keep the packaging until after you know if your little one likes it ! = -RRB-
 First , ours was defective . The cross-bars hold the floor mat open in one direction -LRB- left/right -RRB- , and inside the floor mat you place plastic pieces that hold it open in the opposite direction -LRB- front/back -RRB- . In ours , the way the hooks and loops were sewn in , there was no way to install the bars to keep everything open . The bottom of the cross bars not being held open , mean it was pretty easy for a baby to collapse this.This issue also meant the plastic portion which is filled with water could easily be grabbed on or rolled onto by our baby . That got me thinking about how safe a squishy , water filled , area of plastic would be for our two month old . Once she starts rolling over , she could easily get face down into that plastic portion . If she were playing there , I would be worried if we were to turn our back for a few moments . I 'm a new dad , and pretty paranoid for my daughter despite the fact I survived childhood . But this was enough to get me to return this .
 I thought this would be great , it looked a lot better than the gym I had for my now two year old . My 12 week old liked it until one day I could n't figure out why it was going off all by itself . When I went to look at it closer , I noticed the water was leaking ! Needless , to say I will be taking it back .
 The other baby einstein gym is much more functional and cheaper too . The thing I do n't like about this one is that the mesh pieces that hang from the top are too low for a tummy baby to play . My son 's head is constantly rubbing on it . He got this as a Christmas present at which time he was 4 months old and he already seems bored with it . My friend has the other einstein play mat -LRB- the really colorful one -RRB- and her 6 month old still uses it daily . She can also sit up and play with it . The water one is too low down -LRB- the cross part that the toys hang on -RRB- . It is also too expensive , you can get something more entertaining for a lot less money . Good luck . I have n't had a problem with any of the other baby einstein products we have . In fact my son loves the movies and the little stationary play saucer keeps him busy for a long time . I hope this helped . Bottom line , too much money not enough product .
 I bought this product thinking it was different than the standard square playmats . I like the scalloped edges , the pillow and the colorful pictures , but I am disappointed in the playmat overall . The pat mat leaks so bad that I ca n't use it . The playmat is cute , but it is n't functional , not to mention , WAY OVERPRICED . The arches have netting which I think freaks my son out . He has never liked this playmat . I have a square one that he seems to enjoy more .
 We received this as a shower gift and have tried over the last 4 months to get our son to use it . The mirror is the only part he seems interested in and it only entertains him for a few minutes . Colors are way to dull . Wish we would have done a little more research before registering for this .
 I bought this play gym because I figured it was a baby einstein play gym it has to be good ... plus the reviews I read were good . Our local BabiesR ` Us did n't have displays of the playgyms so I had no idea that this gym would suck . I HATE IT !! My son only loves it cause I put other toys on there . Notice the pictures that people have shared who state they love this play gym and so does their babies that the toys hanging on the playgyms are n't the ones that originally came with the gym . Why buy extra toys ?? I paid $ 69 for this gym ... it should come with more toys . I tried to return this for the Gym by Tiny Love that comes with lights , music and lots of toys but when I opened the product the original packaging got messed up and I was unable to return or exchange . What a waste of money for me . I received another playgym that my friend bought for $ 20 from my baby shower . That only came with 3 toys and hung all these toys on there and my son loves that too . My point is that you do n't have to spend so much money on a playgym . Your babies will love anything as long as there is lots to look at OR if you are going to spend money find one with lots of toys so that you dont ` have to buy extra toys .
 I bought this for my newborn and got it out for him when he was 3 weeks old . He never got to use it because the water in the bubble inside the mat leaked out and got all over the place . That 's not my only complaint . After really looking at the gym I realized that a BABY does not need a toy that has French and Spanish on it when they do n't even know English . I do like Baby Einstein but you pay for the name brand when it comes to this one . A cheaper play gym can make your child just as happy as this on . It took it back and got the Fisher Price Flutterbye gym for $ 30 less .
 I come from a family of cabinet makers so I 've been around wood and wood products my whole life . While I understand that this is pressed wood I also know that it should n't crack as you place the screws in . Very disappointed with the quality of this piece . While finished it looks great , I know in the long run it wo n't last very long and will begin to fall apart .
 I purchased this item from another retailer and it arrived damaged . I followed the instructions and called Storkcraft to get replacement parts . They told me the parts would be here in 2-3 weeks . Now it is almost 5 weeks later and still no parts . I have called several times and have only gotten very unhelpful CSR 's who say my order is at the warehouse but it has n't been shipped yet . -LRB- Actually
 So when you look at this , it looks really really nice . Putting it together was so easy ! The problem is it is cheaply made . I assumed this would be a decent product since we bought the glider from stork craft and it is very nice . But this once it was put together wobbles . Also , some of the holes were put int the wrong area , so the drawers are not put in correctly and the other screws damaged the wood because of nail hole placement . It is really sad because it really looks nice . I love it with the crib I purchased . I just wish it was stronger . Because it wobbles I am not sure if I will use it as a changing table , which was my orginal plan . I guess people are right when they say by a nice used high end dresser or changing table . You pay the same but at least you will get quality . This is n't a quality item .
 This item is absolutely terrible . Quite possibly one of the most frustrating pieces of junk I have ever purchased . It came in a box with numerous pieces of wood and a bag full of 100 different screws and brackets . The instruction manual is something like 25 pages long and is very difficult to understand . In addition , pieces were missing and some of the screws would not fit in their intended place!For the time and effort involved , it would be better to pay the additional money and buy a decent piece of furniture.The assembly of this dresser is a mind game of the worst type
 Do no buy this item . It is a very beautiful peice but it is made out of particle board . The weight of the drawers was not even supported by the dresser . The particle board kept coming apart and we had to send this item back . I would recommend the davinci collection if you are looking for a great piece of nursery furniture . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . IT WAS THE BIGGEST MISTAKE THAT I HAVE EVER MADE . IT WILL ONLY CAUSE YOU FRUSTRATION BECAUSE THERE IS NO WAY YOU WOULD EVER PLACE YOUR CHILD ON THIS PIECE OF FURNITURE NOR WOULD YOU HAVE THIS IN A NURSERY BECAUSE IT WILL LITERALLY FALL APART AT ANY MOMENT .
 For the price of this , I really expected it to be better quality , better packaging , better shipping and better instructions . I also expected them to include all of the parts that are needed.The shipping took ages . It took about 2 weeks for them to actually ship it out and then another 2 weeks for us to actually receive it . We ordered in about 2 months before my daughter was due , she was born 4 weeks early and we were already home with her for a week before we received it.The first problem I had with this once i got it was the packaging had way too much styrofoam . Every piece of wood was wrapped in foam wrap and separated by another piece of larger styrofoam . I understand their concern about shipping it safely by that just seemed extremely wasteful and unneccessary . Even Ikea furniture does n't have so much foam.The next problem I ran into was the packaging for the hardware . All of the screws , bolts , etc were just tossed into a large ziplock bag . There was no organization to it at all , which ended up being an issue because several vital pieces of hardware were missing and I was n't able to tell the parts were missing until I already had half of the dresser put together . I had to order these missing parts from their website , which did n't have a form tailored for missing hardware . They had a form for missing wooden parts , but not hardware.When I started to assemble the wooden parts I discovered that , while the directions referenced parts by letter , there were no parts that were labeled with letters . Several of the parts look very similar , so I had to rely on the visuals of the instruction manual to tell which boards had the correct number of holes in them and in the right place . That also caused problems later on because some of the illustrations in the instructions are just blatantly wrong.That lead to the next problem I ran into while installing the drawers . The illustrations for attaching the sliders on the drawers are wrong . They show the sliders spanning the entire width of the drawer while in reality the sliders are only about 2/3 the length o the drawer . Normally I could have deduced where the sliders were supposed to be attached based on the position of the predrilled holes , but the holes were not predrilled , so I tried to eyeball it . That was a terrible idea because when I placed the drawers in it was lopsided and not aligned correctly at all . I had to take the drawers apart again and measure out exactly where the holes needed to be . I had to then predrill the holes myself , which was n't hard it was just annoying since I did n't know I would be needing a drill.Altogether the product is pretty decent once it got assembled - so far , at least - considering I still have missing parts that have n't been shipped yet . The missing parts were to be shipping via USPS regular mail , so while I already had to wait 3 weeks for shipping , I will have to wait another another 7-10 days for them to actually be sent and probably another 2 weeks at least for the missing parts to arrive in the mail .
 My husband and I bought this dresser with high expectations drawn in by the good price and the positive reviews . Our experience makes us unable to recommend this dresser.Pros :1 . Style . The dresser is stylish and matches our DaVinci Emily crib pretty well for being made by a different company .2 . The price is right ! I found that it was pretty hard to find a good-looking dresser chest -LRB- with changing table area -RRB- for < $ 200 . This was one of the few that I found and for me was the most attractive for the price.Cons :1 . Dresser door was missing drill holes ! I do n't doubt that those who gave the product good ratings DID receive a product that did n't have missing drill holes or missing items . However , I suspect that this product may have QC issues so that some people are getting the product correctly made for assembly and others are getting a product that is not correctly made . We fell in the latter category . The dresser door -LRB- right side -RRB- definitely did not have any holes drilled in it when we received it .2 . Incorrect instructions . the instructions -LRB- from the very first step -RRB- had a picture that did n't quite match the pieces we had -LRB- it showed incorrect placement of holes that were drilled in various pieces -RRB- .3 . Poor construction . We also found that the backing to the dresser -LRB- flimsy particle board -RRB- did n't match up well to the back of the dresser making it hard to attach this piece correctly . Since the backing was just particle board , we found that this did little to add structural support to the dresser and so we were pretty unimpressed with the sturdiness of the dresser -LRB- it looks sturdier than it actually is -RRB- . That said , I still feel fairly comfortable changing my infant on the dressing part without worrying that the whole thing will come apart.In the end , we were very disappointed with this product . Yes , the dresser looks nice in our nursery and the style and even color of the dresser match our crib . However , we could n't believe how sloppy the instructions and manufacture of the various pieces were and found that the dresser was not as sturdy as it appears . Others have written that they had no problem with missing drill holes , etc. . . so I can only think that when you buy this product you roll the dice to see whether you get a `` good '' product or one that has various problems . Buy at your own risk !
 We received this as a gift for our first baby . The piece is n't pre-assembled at all and has a lot of parts , so it took nearly 3 hours to put all together ... an electric drill will definitely come in handy . We had some confusion and thought there were missing pieces at first -LRB- parts O and N could n't be found -RRB- , but then realized that they were present but had already been attached to each other . The two pieces that fit together to form the door 's hinge are listed in the instructions as a separate part P , but seem to be just parts O and N pre-joined . So there was still a piece -LRB- or pieces -RRB- missing according to the instructions , but we actually had all the parts needed to put it together . I 'm not sure if this is why others had a hard time with the instructions , but once we had that figured out the rest of it was more or less straightforward . Minus a star for unclear instructions.The piece looks really nice , has a lot of drawer/cabinet space as well as a spacious top , and feels sturdy to me . Finish does scratch easily , and ours already had one scratch when it came out of the packaging -LRB- minus another star -RRB- . The amazon price is a good deal for this type of dresser though , and I 'm happy with the quality for that price . An excellent gift!We also have a Graco crib with the same `` espresso '' stain , and although they 're 2 different brands they match well . *** Update 3/2/12 *** After 10 months of use , this dresser is a real disappointment . Despite being put assembled tightly , the bottom drawer started giving us trouble almost right away , first the tracks coming loose and then the face of the drawer coming off , and this was with gentle use -LRB- no rough yanking/pulling on the drawer -RRB- . The finish is also very poor , it scratches easily and has even developed a worn spot on top where the buckle for our changing pad softly rubs against it . I ca n't in good conscience recommend this dresser to anyone .
 I can not believe that the company can ship something like this without some type of quality control . There were missing parts we discovered after spending 2 hours trying to put this together . I am an engineer and this thing was extremely difficult . After all that time , we discovered missing parts and spent another hour taking it apart , boxing it up and shippping it back . It even took 2 weeks for them to finally pick it up . A real piece of junk !!!!
 We found this dresser to be very nice looking and easy to put together . The only problem I have with it is that it 's `` painted '' an oak color and less than 10 minutes after we had it together it was scratched . Everytime I touch it the oak colored surface rubs right off . The child is n't even born yet and it already looks used . For a dresser that 's going to be in a childs room and that I do n't consider cheap , I am very disappointed .
 I bought this item after reading the reviews and thought that the positives generally outweighed the bad . Obviously , some people must have gotten a better product than what I received . The quality is poor ... very poor.Most of the furniture is particle board . There are only a few pieces that are solid wood , the drawer facades , the door and the four supports . The edge of part 11 -LRB- Chest top -RRB- was crushed , apparently during shipping.The finish of the door -LRB- part 15 -RRB- was chipped in two places . One of the drawer fronts , part 18 arrived without any holes drilled in it for the cam lock pieces . Also , it was missing a dowel and a cam lock piece . The three pieces of masonite that form the backing of the dresser do not fit . The holes in the masonite are predrilled but they do not line up correctly . If you try to mount the masonite , the screws will damage the particle board . As of right now , the dresser is mostly assembled sitting in m daughter 's room . Hopefully , the replacement parts will arrive.I am still trying to figure out if I can return it . The original box it shipped in was just about destroyed by the time it was delivered . I do n't even think I could put all of the pieces back in the box to send it back to Amazon.It 's been one big time wasting piece of junk and certainly not worth the hassle it has become .
 After reading all of the reviews on this product , I purchased it , as well as the matching crib and was stoked when they arrived . Let me also add , my husband and I are very handy and do tons of at home projects ourselves that look amazing . We know perfectly well how to put furniture together and also what crappy furniture is like . Well , this dresser was sorely disappointing . Many of the holes were drilled too large or a little bit off center , making the parts hard to stay in when the directions tell you to put cam locks in ahead of time . Very hard to do when they just fall out . Also , half of the thing is particle board , making it super easy to crack the wood when screwing the screws into it . Also , the rails on the drawers are too short and it does not show in the directions that they are short . It also shows them to attach all the way to the back of the side of the drawers , but if you do that , the drawer wo n't shut all the way . You have to put the rails towards the front in order for it to close , and then it wo n't open all the way , so you have several inches of drawer that you ca n't get to without sticking your hand way in the back to get stuff out.If it was n't such a hassle to take it all apart , repack and send it back , I would do it in a second . I guess I got what I paid for . Cheap , crappy furniture . I was shocked after we got it together how many people gave this product a good review . Very disappointing . Mind you , I have never ever left a review on any product ever , even ones that are n't that great , but this one was so above and beyond awful , I had to let others know . I have n't put the crib together yet ... dreading what that will be like after the dresser experience .
 I bought this dresser when I bought two Stork Craft Tuscany cribs . The cribs were and are AMAZING , so I assumed this product would be as well . But by comparison to the cribs , it was extremely difficult to assemble without chipping or warping the wood , and was not as simple a design as the cribs -LRB- which I am sure is because the cribs need to be simple and sturdy for safety reasons , which I get -RRB- . Also the drawers and door came off track and became unsteady only a few months after we put it together . I 'm pretty good at putting things together - I 've never had that happen before . Water spilled on the top , and the wood warped before I could even clean up the spill , which is n't practical for kids ' furniture.However , the reason I am writing this now , 2 years later , is because I tried to take it apart so we could move it to a new house , and the whole thing ripped apart . I called customer service , which is really very good , and they sent me -LRB- for over $ 50 -RRB- a new piece , but when I tried to attach that another part broke . So the entire thing is sadly in the trash .
 i ordered this set because it was the closet match to the style and color of the cherry crib and changing table that was given to us for our baby shower and the price was unbelievable . but what the web site does n't really explain is that the finish of this furniture collection can come in different shades of cherry for instance darker or lighter then the picture of the item . so unaware i ordered this dresser in the same cherry finish to complete our nursery thinking it would match the 5 door dresser that goes with the stork craft aspen set that i previously ordered from walmart . but the finish and the color was way way way off being darker then anticipated . and i Searched the web for other reviews of this same collection i have found that i was not the only one who have had this same problem . i would not recommend this set to any one . its to hard to match all the pieces together and not worth the time . but u may get lucky and they may send u all the same color pieces but its all the luck of the draw .
 I loved the look of this dresser , but that 's where the love ends . It was an absolute nightmare to put together -LRB- took 4 hours -RRB- . The directions were wrong on several occassions ! Luckily we were able to figure that out and basically had to put the whole thing together without the directions ! The piece looks nice now that it 's together but the drawers are shallow and do n't open and close smoothly . We also ca n't get the door to align right so it 's slightly crooked . I 'm pretty disappointed with this piece .
 I thought I would give this a try , ignoring the negative reviews , but my bad ! Item is cheap , scratches if you run your fingernail across it . Drawers do n't line up , cheap particle board is used . This probably wo n't last much past a few uses . I can just see a small child trying to pull themselves up by the drawer knobs and the drawers coming out and falling on him/her . Do NOT buy!Follow up - I do want to say Amazon.com is pretty cool . We disassembled and put it back in the box and Amazon is taking it back and giving a full refund . I hated this piece of furniture , but I love Amazon !
 I bought this dresser last week , got it yesterday and put it together ... so here comes the review.Some people have complained about the quality of the wood/finnish and I get thier gripe . The dresser is mostly particle board with a wood veneer . I guess what do you expect for $ 200 , almost none of the dresser is solid wood -LRB- maybe 1 or 2 of the smaller pieces -RRB- . However the dresser does look nice once put together even if the materials are second best . I 've also read about how hard it was to put together , I get thier point also . But for the most part average person should be able to figure it out.What frustrated me about the dresser was the lack of quality control on the dresser itself . several of the pieces were scuffed/scratched right out of the box , not cool . Also the metal rails for the drawers are aweful , let me repeat AWEFUL ! The drawers only open halfway and even then they feel very unsafe . This is not due to how I put the dresser together , I double/triple checked it . Either Storkcraft shipped my dresser with the wrong rails or the ones that come with it are a piece of crap , choose your poison!So what I 'm left with is a dresser that looks pretty , but under the veneer is nothing but particle board . And a dresser that I would n't trust to hold baby cloths for fear of the drawers falling out on my kid ... sooo umm yaaaa ... Do n't buy this dresser . Unless you want a pretty ornament that looks but does n't function like a dresser.Peace out.Pabbott
 This is definitely not a quality piece of furniture . I knew we were not buying top of the line , but I have purchased cheaper and more solid `` fake wood '' pieces from Target and Walmart . There are scratches all over the wood , and I definitely anticipate more . Unfortunately we were pressed for time , but I definitely do not recommend this piece to others .
 It was a cheaper than other units , but can tell in the quality . The pieces fit very poorly and every month , the drawer screws comes loose and literally falls apart ! So once a month , i have to assemble the drawer again . As soon as my son no longer needs it for changing diapers , will be throwing it in the trash .
 I never leave reviews for products but our experience with this product was so horrible I felt obligated to write a review . First of all , as others have mentioned , the directions for assembly left a lot to be desired . This is not the first piece my husband and I have put together so we have some experience but I can definitely say this was the most confusing . Only a few pieces -LRB- out of 30 or more pieces -RRB- were labeled . Which left you wasting time trying to use the diagrams to figure out what piece each diagram was referring to . I do n't see why labeling the pieces would be so difficult for the company . In addition , the step by step diagrams were often confusing and difficult to follow . The quality of the item was also poor in my opinion . The wood scratched so easily just while we were putting it together that I do n't see how this piece could last more than a few months in a nursery without serious scrathes . Some of the knobs were scratched in the plastic packaging before we even opened them . To top it all off when we finally got the core structure assembled the piece would lean to one side if you just touched it lightly . This is supposed to be a changing table - there 's no way we could have used this to change a baby without the piece leaning back and forth . After spending hours putting most of it together we decided to cut our losses and return it . So my adivce - save yourself the aggravation - its really not worth it no matter how nice the product appears in the pictures .
 Very disappointed with the quality of this product when it arrived from Amazon . It was packaged well but the quality of the `` real wood '' is awful . It 's particle board with at best a small wood coating on top . I know it 's not the top of the line item but just know that you are buying a very low quality product that easily scratches . Also when I was building it , there are some drawer gliders already installed on two pieces . Well , the manufacturer did n't install them correctly and I had to remove and reinstall all the gliders in order for the drawers to close!If you 're wanting a lower end product this is for you , otherwise I recommend going to a store first and checking out the product versus buying online . It 'll save you disappointment in the end .
 We received this as a gift for our daughter -LRB- now 16 months -RRB- . It 's a very nice looking dresser , but has not stood up well to daily use . All of the drawer knobs have pulled off at one point or another , and we 've had to request replacements . We 've now had the dresser for so long that they 're charging us for new knobs . Also , the door hinges have had to be re-tightened several times.The wood is soft , so any nick or ding is clearly visible . This is not a concern in a baby room , but the dresser will not hold up well to toddler abuse -- we picked it specifically so it could transition from a changing table to a dresser.It was perfect for what we wanted it for initially , but it 's ridiculous to have to maintain a piece of furniture that keeps dropping pieces . We 'll probably end up replacing it with a sturdier dresser when my daughter transitions to her own room , which completely defeats the purpose for us .
 I received the Aspen Combo Chest . I initially had this item as part of my baby registry but changed my mind . The person who purchased this item for me cancelled the order close to two weeks before it was delivered . The item was delivered regardless of the cancellation . I called Amazon to Return the item and they said I would need to deal directly with CYMAX STORES , INC. . After several days of trying to get through to customer service they informed me that in order to ship it back I would be charged a re-stocking fee -LRB- even though the items has not been opened -RRB- of 25 % as well as pay the shipping fee to send back and another fee to the manufacture for shipping . By the time the fees to return the item are calculated it is as almost as much as the cost of the item which is $ 240.00 . I 'm sure this is intentional to avoid returns . The Return process is not buyer friendly . BUYER BEWARE !!!!! You can go to the cytex.com site to check out the return policy .
 we ordered this item and it took twice as long to ship as stated on the web site . When it did show up it was the wrong color . amazon was n't very easy to deal with on getting a new one ASAP . When it showed up the second time it was a crib . Amazon said , `` its not in stock anymore and there is nothing we can do . '' They refunded my money about a week later and that was that . I cant recommend Storkcraft or Amazon for any purchase ever . They lack in customer service because they sub out their customer service to India and they do n't have local offices to get screw-ups taken care of .
 I love this changing table 's appearance . It is a beautiful looking piece of furniture . Why the low rating ? Because it 's a piece of junk . First of all , it came with a billion pieces to put together . I even had to put the tracks on the drawers . When I screwed the screws into the frame of the drawers , the particle board -LRB- or pressed wood -RRB- came apart . The top edges are each separate pieces of wood , so if you try to move the piece of furniture across the floor , the frame easily pulls apart . Did I mention it weighs 50 tons?The drawers themselves are very shallow , but the space in each drawer is much deeper , so you can actually fit more in the drawers than what the drawer allows you to put in.If I did not throw out the box , there would be no question that I would return this item . If I never move it , it may last a while , but I bet after moving it 2-4 times , this will crash and burn!Update
 This is a horrible dresser . We have n't even had it a year and have to replcae it . The screws come loose and the drawers fall apart .
 At first , I thought the dresser was nice . It looked really good once we got it put together . It did take awhile , however , for my husband to get it together.This dresser is not good quality . We have had numerous problems with this dresser . Two of the drawers are constantly coming off the tracks . I do n't like the fact that the changing table does not have a front lip/edge ; it 's a hazard in terms of my daughter falling off.I would not buy this dresser again . It is not worth the money at all
 We got this dresser with the matching crib when I was pregnant with our first daughter . All of the parts were there and I was able to put it together with little difficulty -LRB- I was 81/2 months pregnant at the time , the only difficulty was working around the belly ! -RRB- . I have to say for the first year and a half to two years , it did the job . As time went on , I realized exactly why I hate furniture made with particle board or MDF ... It wo n't hold screws when the drawer/door bracket they are securing are used often . I had to fill the screw holes a few times and try to reattach the door bracket and the glide that the drawers use . They will simply pull out after normal use . I would not recommend this or any product made from particle board MDF to anyone . For a little more money , you can get a lot more quality : -RRB-
 I 'm not sure if they changed the quality of this product , or if the other people that reviewed this product thought the quality was ok , but I could n't even get the first piece assembled.I 've assembled 100 's of furniture like this over the years , and some are always better than others , but this one was without question the worst I have ever experienced.First , each part is supposed to be labeled with a number to determine what you are supposed to work with . Most had no numbers , and some , had 2 numbers -LRB- neither of them even right -RRB- . For instance , if the part was supposed to be # 5 , the actual sticker -LRB- s -RRB- on it were # 6 and # 7 . Now granted , I was able to look at all the parts and determine from the assembly diagram which one to use , but this speaks to the complete lack of quality control this company has.So , I start to put it together , insert several of the screw locking mechanisms as diagramed . I go to put my very first pieces together , turn the locking mechanism with moderate force , by no means excessive , and the locking part just breaks in half . I thought , ok , maybe I just had a bad piece . Nope , same exact thing happened on the next one . After 4 tries of being as careful as possible , never once did I succeed in getting even the first 2 pieces put together.Poor quality is not even close to describing this dresser . I packaged mine up -LRB- yes , that was a treat , as it tells you to cut the box apart to open it to start with -RRB- , and had UPS come pick it back up . Amazon should not even carry this product in my opinion .
 The reality of buying furniture in America is that it is expensive . `` You get what you paid for '' no longer rings true in our age when the price of an item does not always reflect the quality and aesthetics.This dresser chest looks great . It is functional and can be put together pretty easily with some time and patience . However , do keep in mind that this item is made mostly of pressed wood which cracks easily and can be flimsy . I have put together a lot of furniture in my day , so , although harder than many pieces to put together , it was not altogether impossible.The challenge is that when you drill or screw into pressed wood , you have a great risk of cracking and insecure screws . When my 8 month old got a hold of the 2nd drawer up , he was able to pull it out and the weight of the drawer as well as his pushing on it -LRB- he 's 18 pounds -RRB- caused the rail on the drawer to rip out and the drawer to come crashing down . In the drawer were 2 pairs of baby shoes and 5 or 6 baby outfits , so it was definitely not overloaded.I am simply reviewing the quality of this product and the ease of putting it together -LRB- I did put it together correctly -RRB- , so please refrain from personal attacks such as `` Why was your baby allowed to touch the dresser ? `` If you look at my other reviews here as well as on other sites such as Yelp , you will know that I am a firm believer that being gratuitous with 1-star or 5-star reviews destroys the usefulness of such reviews . However , I must give this item 1 star . It is not because I am lazy , it is not because I am inexperienced , and it is not a result of an emotional situation . This product is simply functional junk.I do relate to other parents who simply can not find decent baby furniture they can afford , but I would recommend going used before buying this cheap , overpriced hazard to your baby 's life .
 My husband and I bought this piece about 3.5 years ago for our daughter - big mistake , on my part , thinking the higher price guaranteed me a good sturdy piece we would be able to use for many years . Here are the reasons it 's a bad piece - 1 -RRB- it 's laminated , which means every time you wipe it down -LRB- and it will be frequently , as it seems to be a magnet for dust -RRB- , you wear down the coating . I noticed it had worn through in some places six months after I bought it ! And by no means , am I a clean freak who dusts every day , or even once a week , for that matter ... 2 -RRB- you assemble it yourself - am I ridiculous in thinking that , for that price , someone will assemble it for me ? 3 -RRB- Because it 's a self-assembly piece , you 're given these little dowels and weak little pieces to hold the pieces together . Which means that , if you move it once , you weaken the structure . And no , we did n't put it together wrong , it was time-consuming , but not that hard . It 's just a BADLY made piece of furniture . The drawer hinge fell out six months ago and my husband had to rig something up . So if you 're looking for a piece for your child 's room , I recommend finding an inexpensive piece with good lines on craigs list and spray painting it with a glossy white . It 'll take less time than assembling it , that 's for sure , and you 'll llikely have a sturdy piece you can keep -LRB- and repaint -RRB- as the years go on . Reason for this rant ? Just got a `` big girl bed '' for my daughter , which means rearranging the room - despite how carefully we moved the piece , the back piece still came off the dowels and my husband had to hammer it back in . Utterly overpriced piece of crap ...
 This is why you buy american made furniture . Should 've just bought plastic totes and stacked them up . You get what you pay for
 I am very disappointed in the purchase of this product . I bought the 4 in 1 transitional crib and was very satisified-it was of good quality ; can not say the same about this cheap piece of XXXX . It is made out of partical board and I am embarassed to have this in our nursery.The product arrived damaged ... not from shipping but with major flaws from the manufacturer with the finish being scratched and dented . There was also defects in manufacturing where I had to drill holes for the assembly.Bottom line - !!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!! I would return if shipping was not so expensive , could find a quality matching piece and I had time to replace it . This looks like it would be clearanced at Odd Lots/Big Lots but instead ... they sold it cheaply on the internet to unsuspecting consumers .
 My wife and I had high hopes for this product based upon the description and some of the positive reviews . As the saying goes , you can only believe 50 % of what you read . Well , the negative on this product are spot on . We had compared this product to other products and THOUGHT that it would be reliable because it was made of solid wood . To our surprise , this could n't be further from the case . First , it arrived in a badly beaten and tattered box . It was extremely heavy -LRB- approx 100 lbs . -RRB- so I find it interesting how something so large could have been abused so badly . Secondly , once all the parts were removed and inventoried , we found that not only were some of the screws and bolts missing based upon what was specified in the instruction manual but also this is far from hardwood construction . Only the drawer faces , table top and legs are `` wood '' . The actual hardware that holds the entire piece together -LRB- drawer sides , back , bottom , internal walls and entire backing -RRB- are poorly fabricated particle board with a pretty wall paper covering . This presented a HUGE challenge when putting together the major components because the nails and screws provided punched through EVERY false surface even if I did n't break the surface . -LRB- The inside of the cabinet looks like I installed the backing with an ice pick . -RRB- To make matters worse , the parts were poorly labeled making what should have been a 1-2 hour project into a 4.5 hour jig-saw puzzle . Next , we had to go to Lowes in order to get a stronger backing and reinforcing strips -LRB- made of solid oak -RRB- to support the bottom of the drawers and the back . I could go on and on but let me leave you with this ... if you are reading this message and none of the above convinces you NOT to buy this item , know that we 100 % regret purchasing this item and , if you still buy this item or any other item from Stork Craft , you deserve the pain that you will feel afterwards . The best of luck to you and your family .
 As mentioned in other reviews the instructions are bad and the pictures and hardware do n't necessarily match the guide.The visible pieces are nice but the drawers and inside pieces are made of really poor particle board...sub-par even for particle board . If you are buying this as a changing table to use for a year or two it might last that long . If you want it as a dresser that will last beyond that , spend your money on something else . The finish scratches very easily also .
 The dresser was a pain to put together but looks good once assembled . The quality however is not good . Anytime we try moving it the whole thing starts coming apart . The draws also do n't hold up if you have heavy clothes in them . Looks good but quality is lacking .
 This dresser looks exactly like it is in the picture . I would give this 4 stars but the front piece has scratch about 6 inches long plus little damages here and there in some other pieces . This dresser could never be sold in the stores with scratches like these except for the outlet ones.As for the instruction . Yes , it 's horrible . 80 % of the pieces have no numbers . And there are only pictures instruction , no words . It is not too hard to assemble it , but it could save you a lot of time if you do n't have to guess which pieces is which . Of course if your job is to do this everyday , you would know it right away . It took me about 4 hours which could have been 2 if the instruction were better.I do not want to give it back after spending a lot of time putting it together , but I 'm not satisfy with the quality so not recommend it to anyone . This company needs to stop sending damage items to customers .
 The reality of buying furniture in America is that it is expensive . `` You get what you paid for '' no longer rings true in our age when the price of an item does not always reflect the quality and aesthetics.This dresser chest looks great . It is functional and can be put together pretty easily with some time and patience . However , do keep in mind that this item is made mostly of pressed wood which cracks easily and can be flimsy . I have put together a lot of furniture in my day , so , although harder than many pieces to put together , it was not altogether impossible.The challenge is that when you drill or screw into pressed wood , you have a great risk of cracking and insecure screws . When my 8 month old got a hold of the 2nd drawer up , he was able to pull it out and the weight of the drawer as well as his pushing on it -LRB- he 's 18 pounds -RRB- caused the rail on the drawer to rip out and the drawer to come crashing down . In the drawer were 2 pairs of baby shoes and 5 or 6 baby outfits , so it was definitely not overloaded.I am simply reviewing the quality of this product and the ease of putting it together -LRB- I did put it together correctly -RRB- , so please refrain from personal attacks such as `` Why was your baby allowed to touch the dresser ? `` If you look at my other reviews here as well as on other sites such as Yelp , you will know that I am a firm believer that being gratuitous with 1-star or 5-star reviews destroys the usefulness of such reviews . However , I must give this item 1 star . It is not because I am lazy , it is not because I am inexperienced , and it is not a result of an emotional situation . This product is simply functional junk.I do relate to other parents who simply can not find decent baby furniture they can afford , but I would recommend going used before buying this cheap , overpriced hazard to your baby 's life .
 This product is horrible and I do not recommend anyone to purchase this . I new it would be a challenge to put together but none of the pieces were labeled so it was impossible to assemble .
 This has been the biggest waste of money . The furniture is made of flimsy particle board and is very unstable . It took me two days to put this together and I consider myself well above average for being able to figure things out but the instructions that are included are the worst I have ever seen . Like some of the reviews have mentioned , there are maybe a handful of pieces that are marked and the rest you need to figure out yourself.Save your money and go to a baby furniture store .
 This product was purchased as a gift for us ... the instructions only have visual , no written instructions for assembly . The majority of the parts/pieces are not labelled or do not match labelling in the instruction booklet . It took my husband two days to assemble because he got so frustruated . The wood pieces are mostly particle board so the screws go through wrecking the wood . The drawer bottoms and backing are flimsy . The wood is easily scratched so we had to touch it up with alot of stain marker .
 It took forever for the crib-Angelina - to get in stock and to arrive once ordered.The crib arrived with 2 headboards and no footboards . I have been on the phone with the company daily for a month . Sometimes the call goes directly into the answer machine which says I should call back during business hours , IT IS . The call has been dropped many times during the wait , which is forever.The company could not or would not give me any information as to when or if my part would be replaced . I was told several times that a supervisor had been notified and would return my call , never happened.I finally called Baby 's RUS and they agreed to pick up the crib and refund my money.This company-Storkcraft - has the very worst customer service of any company I have ever dealt with , in fact they have NO customer service.I would NEVER purchase another item from Storkcraft .
 Do not buy.The Stork Craft Aspen brand makes very bad products.These products are made from cheap materials and they are poorly engineered . They easily break and the assembly manuals have major errors.JC
 This changing table combo dresser was purchased for us as a gift , and while it will serve it 's function , I would not recommend it to a friend , nor will I be purchasing a second one.Directions were what I expected at this price point , but still not too helpful and confusing at times . Holes in some drawings were on the bottom side of the piece but shown on the topside.Some of the tightening pieces , pull the wood apart.When installing the back fiberboard panels which give the piece some rigidity , several of the screws missed the tiny ledge and angled into the storage space.Harder than it should have been to build , not as good as IKEA product , but I suppose you get what you pay for .
 This dresser was a nightmare to put together , and required more than 3 hours of work due to the lack of clear instructions , poor design , and defective parts . One of the pieces I received had pegs incorrectly glued into it ! It looks like a previous purchaser had the same issue putting together the dresser and returned the parts , which were then resold to me ! For this amount of money , I should have received at least a functional piece of furniture , but what I received was already broken and flimsy . Buyer beware !!! Spend the extra money and buy a quality piece ! This is junk !!
 This product came in two different colors ! After we unpacked the entire box , we noticed there were two different colors of wood . We were pretty annoyed at this but Amazon was great at taking the dresser back with no hassle .
 I think how someone rates a product is all based on what they expect.Here are the pros and cons that I saw and you can decide if you would rate it high or low.Pros : - Looks decentCons : - Made of MDF aka particle board . Its not wood . - Because of the glue in the MDF , it smells like glue . It 's been airing out in the room for 1 week now and still smells . Hopefully it will air out . - Bought espresso and also bought an espresso colored crib by storkcraft , and the colors do n't match . This is probably b/c the dresser is MDF material with an espressor veneer on it and the crib is stained wood . - The parts to put things together are cheap.Overally , we 're stuck with it . I 'm not too happy about the purchase . If you 're okay with MDF furniture , then maybe this will work for you . It 's equivalent to Ikea in terms of material quality , parts used , and how it 's assembled .
 Okay , this dreser is a good price and looks nice in the picture . The parts arrived in good condition too . HOWEVER , you do not want to waste your money on this . It was a disaster . The instructions are terrible , holes are predrilled wrong , etc. . However , despite that , we got it together . BUT , it was so , so wobbly . It would sway back and forth by barely touching it . You would never want to put your baby on this dresser with how wobbly it was ! And the drawers were terrible - wouldnt line up correctly and there were gaps where they didnt line up with sides of the dresser . Ultimately , after spending the day putting it together , we had to take it apart at 9 pm , pack it back up , and return it to Amazon for a refund . It was a total waste of time and really frustrating . We ended up buying a better quality changing dresser from jcp.com - it was $ 100 more but arrived FULLY ASSEMBLED and looks awesome in our nursery .
 I chose this product because it matched the crib we bought and it had decent reviews . It looked nice . The package is filled with mostly unlabled parts and an instruction book that is picture only . It took about 2 hours to assemble , which is fine , but the irritating part is that it is no where near the quality I thought it would be . The back of the piece is flimsy and made of unfinished wood product . The pieces that go on the rear are n't large enough to cover the whole back of the dresser - there is about a half inch gap between them on the side that backs the drawers . Most of the rest of the piece is press board and the screws from the back went easily through the top of the base , scarring the piece . The most disappointing part was that the finish scratches very easily . We put it together on our wood floor , but it was clean , and it scratched horribly . As soon as we noticed it , we used some of the packaging materials to cushion it , but it still scratched some . Though I liked the way it looks and I 'm not going to return it , if I could do it over again I would get something different .
 This product was difficult to put together , and then did n't fit together well . The drawers bump the door and there is no room for error . The holes are pre-drilled , and it you try to drill the material it crumbles and then is unrepairable . Very disappointed in the quality , would not recommend . To return would take more time to dismantle and then put back into box , what a waste of time and money .
 It is not at all what I expected . It 's pretty and sounds beautiful but you have to constantly be winding up to play and spin every couple of seconds for the baby to enjoy it . That 's frustrating . If it was battery operated or at least played for a good 5 minutes without having to wind it up it would have been perfect
 Although the mobile looks very cute , it does not play long enough . Ours does not play for more than a minute .
 I bought this mobile to match the crib set . All the cocalo items are pricey junk . The turning/musical part broke after 2 months use . Do n't waste your money on this garbage !
 This is obsolete ! I ca n't believe they wo n't do this with self adhesive , removable glue ...
 I bought 3 rolls and none of them where the same size . Not good at all , would not buy again .
 We bought three rolls of this stuff a few months ago and in preperation for the project realized we needed one more roll -LRB- we moved my daughters room -RRB- so we purchased it a few days ago . The first three -LRB- old -RRB- rolls went on without an issue , soak , book , apply . Beautiful , fairly thick but went around corners great . Paste was thick and , well , paste like . Loved it . The last roll -LRB- same UPC , instructions , packaging , everything -RRB- was paper thin . The paste ran off the back of the paper as soon as it was wet leaving streaks down the walls and getting snotty paste all over my clothing . The only thing without paste now it would seem is the wallpaper . It 's no longer sticky , nor are the walls where it was ` stuck ' . It 's literally fallen off after six hours . It was n't a matter of mistakes made , I applied 45 feet of the old stuff with a smile on my face just before this last roll.My only option now , other than scouring shelves for an old roll of the thicker stuff , is to apply paste to the back of the already-used paper . Since paste is $ 18 in the smallest quantity available and local purchase of this product is $ 20/roll I 'll now be $ 100 into this boarder . That 's double what I paid for the custom mixed two tone paint it 's seperating .
 We bought this dresser for our second baby , so we were very dissapointed when it did not turn out to be as good quality as the one we picked for our first child . One of the glides for the top drawer was missing a component so the top drawer does not slide in straight and looks lopsided . I need to call the company about replacing that part , but have n't had a chance as who has time for these things with a young baby ... . I also thought I could use the top of the dresser as a changing table as we had done with our first baby 's dresser , and I was dismayed to find out that the top surface is slightly smaller -LRB- by a few inches -RRB- than the standard changing station surface so the changing mat that we had previously does not fit . Not very happy with this product , it does n't feel like a solid qulity piece of furniture and does n't look/act like it either !
 I expected a little better quality for the price . The wood on the drawers split when screws were put into it . There were several missing screws . I am very disappointed and would not recommend this dresser .
 After two dressers , both the wrong color were sent to my home , the company refused to send the correct dresser and gave us a refund . They claimed it was a sku problem . So I ordered a dresser through the Davinci line and love it .
 I would have given this item 5 stars if it were not for ordering Espresso and getting Black and only finding out after spending 2.5 hours putting it together very meticulously . I put it together downstairs at night with incandescent lighting and did not think to check the color which I thought was espresso until I took it upstairs next to the crib . It was black . What was I going to do now ? I spray painted twice with two different supposedly `` Espresso '' spray cans from home depot . It looked horrible with either one . I will probably have to sand it down and paint it with a brush and hope it will match . I would have normally just sent it back but , with it put together I did not even bother asking about shipping and the hassles . I would have also normally ordered a second one in espresso and used this black one in another room but I refuse to buy more items from Stork Craft . Shipping the wrong color seems to be a recurring theme from the other reviews on here . They got me once . That will be all . Once is enough . Stay away .
 I ca n't explain how upset I am ! I ordered espresso -LRB- like the last reviewer -RRB- but received Black . My order read black , but I know I did not register for nor order black . Amazon is seriously messed up , they say it is my fault for ordering `` the wrong color '' so I have to pay for the return shipping ! My husband and I are currently stationed -LRB- US Coast Guard -RRB- in Puerto Rico so the cost to ship it back is n't even worth it ! Now I 'm going to have all espresso furniture with a BLACK dresser !!! So mad with Amazon 's horrible customer service ! DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM UNLESS YOU WANT IT IN BLACK !!!
 I do n't even know how the quality of this products stacks up because I ordered the espresso to match my crib and they shipped the black . I did n't realize until I took out one piece -LRB- which was about the correct color -RRB- then something told me to take out another and it was black . I returned it for a replacement and got the same thing . I looked at my orders on Amazon and the main order shows Espresso but when I click on the actual item it shows black . Something is wrong with the Amazon.com systems and it is preventing me from getting the product that I want so off to Sears I go ... : - -LRB-
 My husband is incredibly adept at putting the hardest stuff together , and while it only took him 2 hours to build this dresser , there are a million teeny , tiny parts to use . I would not suggest this item to anyone who sucks at putting together things , like I am.It 's a really pretty dresser/change station , and matches our crib but the drawers are not solid wood , they are made of flimsy particle board . Boo on that . The wood itself is also pretty chip as there are dings and scratches in it just from shipping.I would n't have been disappointed looking at and maybe buying something else . There was one piece that was broken so we have to call and get that replaced . The changing table part does n't fit a standard changing pad so that kind of sucks too.PROS - It looks prettyCONS - Cheap material , broken parts , hard to put together , changing table top is small.I really would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I chose this dresser for two reasons
 This is the worst piece of furniture i have ever owned . It was given to us by my father to match the crib . Which by the way I love . This dresser though is so poorly made its not worth $ 5.00 . It took longer to put together than the crib !!! The holes are drilled in the wrong places and the drawers never stay on the tracks . Because you are constantly trying to keep it on the tracks it pulls the tracks and they will come loose from the `` wood '' . Now we are not dumb about these things . My husband is very good with these things . I am pretty adept at putting these things together as well . The first time it fell apart when we tried to move it we gave it to my father who has done these things his whole life . Now after owning it for 20 months , 1 month before my son was born-2 months in my father 's garage before he could get to it , we are forced to buy another dresser to replace this one after it has once again fallen apart . Whoever made the matching crib should have been in charge of this as well since our crib is in perfect condition . If I could give it 0 stars I would . Do not buy this no matter how cheap you find it .
 I only bought this because it matched all the rest of the bedding . I purchased 3 of them , for the two windows , and none of them valance covers are exactly alike . There are slight variations , in color , to each one.Bottom line : Too expensiveVariations in colorsBut matches the rest of the bedding
 WOW this toy is cheap , but shipping and handling is over $ 100 !!!!! do n't waste your time . Do a little bit more searching and you 'll find another toy just like this one for cheaper .
 Again , this is ` okay , ' mat to cover your car seat . My back seats are rather large and it barely covers them . If you have smaller car seats this may be okay for you . It is at least protecting the leather seats but I would have liked something larger .
 The Super Mat version of this item -LRB- identical other than not having the very top piece -RRB- turned my light gray leather car seat yellow in all the places the mat touched it . The dye from the mat must have bled . The car seat is ruined .
 We installed this Diono Ultra Mat under our baby car seat before going to our appointment at the local police department 's car seat inspection office . The safety inspector there was very knowledgeable , and told us NOT to use products like this because in the event of a true accident , they can cause the car seat to slide around too much and interfere with the restraint system . The inspector said this was the case even though many of these products say they are crash/safety tested , etc. . We really wanted to use this mat to protect our seats -LRB- and we also liked the little storage pockets -RRB- , but safety first is our motto -- especially when it comes to our baby . We decided to listen to the police department 's advice , and have returned the product .
 Stroller was very cheaply built . Seat does not go back too much -LRB- about 3 inches -RRB- . Front wheels stick too much , did not swivel . Harness is terrible . Hood does not stay properly . Just too many problems . Do n't bother , it 's just not worth it .
 This stroler is hard to push and does not recline much . Also , the sunshade does not stay up , it falls infront of the baby . I have had to alter the hood to stay up . It is a $ 40 piece of junk !!!!
 Wow , what a disappointment . Where do I start ? The numerous sharp edges from the sloppy moulding of the plastic parts ? the front wheels that do n't swivel well , leaving them to chatter sideways when I 'm walking forward ? the `` safety bar '' that pops off easily ? Well , at least it did n't cost much . My wife bought this to take on a trip because it 's lighter and smaller than our graco stroller . OK , there 's 2 good things - It 's kinda light and kinda small . Still , I 'd rather carry my kid than use this annoying thing . You are much better off buying a good stroller or a moby wrap .
 The Red Bebe Amore stroller I ordered from Amazon never arrived!The shipping said 3-5 days . I ordered it on Nov. 29th and it still has not arrived . It was to be a Christmas present for my Grandson and of course I mean Christmas 2008 ! It never arrived . I shipped something to him from a better site and it arrived in time . Can I get a refund on the stroller please ? I am very upset that this has happened . It is rediculous to make claims of 3-5 days and then 6 weeks later it is not there!Thank you.Lu Pavel 714-403-8307
 I purchased this stroller under the BeBe Love name and it is terrible . The wheels are all over the place the latch broke the first time we folded it ... do not buy this stroller pay the extra now and buy a better travel stroller .
 I first bought the liners , thinking they would fit the normal bottle . After finding out they do n't , I looked a lot for these specific bottles , and just found them at amazon , any other store . I could finally use my liners ! The bottles are ok , not too different from the regular one .
 Be forewarned the Tempo line contains BPA in the bottles ! The ring touches the milk or formula -LRB- leakage of the neurotoxin can occur ! -RRB- . Why create a BPA-Free liner with a bottle that has polycarbonate in it ? I got fooled ... I do n't want you to as well ! Take care . Let 's keep our babies safe !
 I bought this kit for my 23 months old son , eventhough the product looks OK , I regret to say the fork and spoon came on pink color , I will not feed my son with a pink fork or spoon . Therefore this product became very expensive for just a case , as I wont be using it .
 The product is very nice and came in excellent conditions . My only star is that it did n't get stuck in my wall ... so I had to return it ...
 its one of the cheapest lambskins for baby which is why i bought it . But it 's hard and rough to sleep on . I later bought a natural mimosa tanned lambskin from kaiser of Germany and would highly recommend it . It is more expensive at around 90 $ and harder to find but safer chemical free and way way way softer and better quality . A little smaller though also . I use the bowrons on the floor to play on now and the other in my daughter 's bed .
 Please think twice before purchasing this as any type of baby bedding if it is not covered in polyethylene . Sheepskin has a direct link to SIDS/Cot death , it gives off toxic nerve gases -LRB- phosphorines , arsines and stibines -RRB- . Do a little research into that issue at least before purchasing this or any skeepskin product for your baby . Yes , it 's soft and luxurious , but is that worth the life of your child ?
 These nipple covers work great - but only ONCE ! So the `` Reusable '' label is not very accurate . When I first used them , they stuck on great and covered up everything . I had no issue with peeling them off either . However , 2nd time around they kept falling off since the adhesive wore off . Paying nearly $ 5 for a one-use product is quite expensive ...
 Pros : stick very wellretain stickiness even after washinghide the nipples wellcons : even though it hides the nipples you can see the flower shape protrude over 2 layer of clothes . Will not recommend .
 This product appeared to be very similar to a product I had purchased at Target . The adhesive is poor quality , the packaging is flimsy -LRB- Supposedly used to hold covers between wearings -RRB- , very difficult to get flat on skin surface . Threw away after 2 wearings . Total waste of money .
 I was very hopeful for these since they were affordable and had received excellent reviews . However , I was extremely disappointed after using them a few times . First , I could not take the plastic-y part off of the the top , which was just weird . Second , they did not taper well enough and through simple cotton shirts , I could easily see their outline . The whole point is to not draw attention to that area , and these just made me look like an alien . Only with fairly loose tops were they not visible.I will say that they covered me up nicely and I did n't have to worry about awkwardness . Except like I felt like a reverse Regina George but instead of circles cut out of my shirt , there were just visible circles underneath my shirt .
 still waiting for a return label so I can send these back and get my money . The nipple covers only make a bigger area to stare .
 Others reviewers said that it gave you a huge nipple bump and it does . I would have looked past that had they not been see-through too . If you are purchasing these so you can go braless more often , look else where .
 These are terrible ! I got these to wear with thin tops but that was a mistake . You could easily see the silicone cover . It looked like I had really weird poofy nipples . Remember the `` double bubble '' from puberty ? Not attractive ! I think the old school band-aid ones are better
 I have used silicone nipple covers for years but these are the worst . They are too small & thick to do the trick . Buy a larger round non-adhesive cover & you will be delighted ! You sometimes sweat while you wear them but not as much as if you were wearing a bra . Amazing under gym attire & other tight fitting tops that otherwise would look provocative with nips showing .
 They seem like they would stay put , but I never wear them because the form shows through all of my tank tops .
 There is adhesive on these , and it would be impossible to store them because of the adhesive . They do n't ` cover ' , they make big round circles under your t-shirt , even with a nice bra . Looks horrible . I hope the adhesive is n't toxic . Promptly returned . DO N'T BOTHER WITH THESE - you 'll regret it if you do .
 The first thing that gave me a red flag on this item was that the directions and warnings were not translated correctly . Actually , it was so bad I could see a possible law suit , but will leave that alone.Second , the packaging had more of a feel of something you would get at a `` porn '' shop and not something actually packaged for women.Third , they were wrapped in a plastic covering which was almost impossible to get off.And last , I am a 36D and like to wear thin , cotton bras and even though I have small nipples I always seem to have `` my headlights on '' . So I really wanted something so I would not always be giving a `` free show '' . The petals did attach and stick properly , but even through my bra if I `` got cold '' I could still see the high beams . I am happy I did n't spend much on these . Very unhappy with them . My friend told me to try the ones they sell at Victoria 's Secret , which I will.Would give zero stars if I could .
 Oh my gosh , even Bra Discs are n't this bad . These are like a cruel joke on women seeking a nipple concealment solution . They make you look like you have BIG , PROTRUDING , HARD , areolas .
 I have small breasts but rather large nipples . These things hardly cover you enough to stick on ! You can still see your nipples poking out while wearing them . I think if they were larger they might do the job ok . They did n't stick on me too well . I even wore them at night and they fell off and I hardly move in my sleep at all . On a possitive note they are soft and comfortable when they do stay on
 I wore these to a concert and LOST one ... . When they were on I could n't tell they were there ... I would not buy this product just because they do not stay on . : -LRB-
 These are not for the big busted !! I purchased these to wear with a slightly padded bra to hide my head lights . I put one on with my bra and a shirt and could hardly notice a difference between the two . I guess they are slightly better than nothing though . I will not purchase these again . The best thing is that I only spent like $ 6 on them .
 These do the job , but three complaints :1 -RRB- They are quite shallow - almost flat . I prefer a slightly more concave cup ; my skin perspired much more in these b/c there was no breathing room at all .2 -RRB- They are very sticky to the touch ! I have another pair that adheres just as well , but less sticky .3 -RRB- The edges are VERY thin , almost like cellophane ... I 'm not wearing super-tight clothing to need these , and the very thin edges sometimes get folded over and stuck together .
 Buyer beware . I purchased this to replace a pair that I had for over a year because the adhesive was wearing down . I purchased those from a department store and it costs $ 15 - $ 20 . The price for this was cheap so I decided to buy . Well , you get what you pay for . The company profile says they are a UK company but based in China . So the shipping took longer than usual because it shipped from China . When I finally received the product , it was poorly made . The adhesive is wrinkled and the silicone was so thin it did not provide any coverage . I also had to trim the adhesive around the floral design.I do not recomment this product . Pay the extra money and buy a better product .
 This was my first experience with nipple covers and since I 'd heard good things about them I thought I 'd give them a try . Sadly , I was not impressed for two reasons . # 1 They do n't stay on . Literally fifteen minutes after I put them on , after one or two uses -LRB- which only lasted at the most 30 minutes -RRB- , they would start to slide down . # 2 I have really small boobs which is why I figured these would work , but because of something -LRB- the material , weight , shape , I 'm not exactly sure -RRB- they made my boobs/nipples protrude through shirts just like they would without a bra but bigger ; the exact thing I was trying to avoid . I would n't recommend these to anyone because frankly they 're a waste of money . I 'd suggest doing some online research and finding a pair with better reviews .
 Very disappointed . I wear these all of the time and have never had a brand that just did not stay on . They are not reusable , as they never stayed put the first time . While sitting at my desk , I could feel them fall off , and when I stood , they fell on the floor !!! What a waste of money . Carol
 these are so noticeable thru sheer cloths , can see total outline shape of petals also.I returned them . `` go cheap go twice `` also , it was a real project getting the plastic sheet off of petals .
 These do cover you up but they have a sort of cone shape to them once they 're on and looks weird until they 're in your bra . At the end of the day when it 's time to take them off , you have to be extremely careful !!! They hurt so bad when peeling them -- even slowly . I found that I can just deal with wearing a padded bra on a regular basis because these hurt way too bad to take off .
 These did n't work for me . I ca n't really say if they are comfortable or not since I did not make it out of the house with them on . You can not see these through my regular padded t-shirt bras but I could see their outline through my fabric bras that have no padding , which is the whole reason I ordered them . I looked like I was smuggling flowers in my bra .
 I purchased these stickers for my son 's room back in February . They would not even stick to the wall , they eventually ended up being thrown away . I contacted the manufacturer and was promised that the stickers would be replaced early March . I have not received the stickers yet and keep receiving excuses that eventually Sandylion will send me some . Terrible company and stickers .
 My boys were sooo excited when I told them they could have `` Cars '' on their walls . We just received stickers for our daughter 's room and thought it would be a great , inexpensive way to decorate the boys ' room , too . The stickers for our daughter 's room stuck great - no problems , no `` re-smoothing , '' just stuck right where we wanted them to . These have been peeling off from the start ! There are only about 3 stickers on the walls , and I know the boys are n't pulling them off because they 're all too high for them to reach . Also , they get so upset when they see another sticker on the floor , that I ca n't imagine they 'd inflict such torture upon themselves ! Perhaps it is the texturing on the walls , but if that 's the case , then it 's a matter of quality and / or brand . We used CoCaLo in our daughter 's room - same texture , same paint , same everything , but hers are still there , and the boys ' are NOT . If you have any texture on your walls , find another type of sticker or be prepared to glue these bad boys on !
 This product is just simply a standard ice cube tray with lid , only with smaller rectangular ice cube compartments . Each cube compartment only holds 15ml , not 30ml as advertised.When I received these trays in the package of two , one was defective from the start . The lid would not seal onto the tray before freezing . The plastic on the lid was somehow defective and after trying for 30 minutes to get the lid to stay on the tray , I gave up and returned the product.If the the lid actually stayed on , and each cube compartment really held 30 ml -LRB- not 15ml -RRB- , it might be a good product.I 'd advise that you just buy a regular ice cube tray or a silicone one from Ikea and use that .
 The product description claims that each cube in these trays holds one ounce of baby food or breast milk . That is simply not true . Each cube holds one half of an ounce -LRB- 1 Tablespoon -RRB- not an ounce -LRB- 2 Tablespoons -RRB- .
 I purchased these trays from Whole Foods -LRB- same exact item -RRB- and I was really happy with them until the plastic started peeling off from the inside of the cubes . I 'm returning them because I 'm afraid the plastic will flake off into the baby food . I 'm really sad that I have to return them because I loved them until I noticed the peeling plastic . I 'd only been using them for about a month when this started happening .
 As other reviewers have noted , the tray does not contain 12 1 oz cubes , but 121/2 oz cubes . The four cubes on the end are angled in and have rounded corners so they are even smaller . Granted the packaging does say `` approximate '' but being off by 15 ml is not close enough to call approximate in my book . Having 1/2 oz cubes does not necessarily bother me , what does bother me is the inaccuracy of the product description.As for the product itself , I purchased it to freeze breast milk so that I could place exact portions into storage bags . When I first opened the trays I was pleased by how sturdy and heavy they were , but after using them I have found that I should not have been pleased . The plastic is so heavy it is impossible to get any flex . The only way I can get the cubes out is to run warm water over the bottom of the tray . Partially thawing my breast milk to place it in storage bags is the last thing I want to do .
 Ice cubes trays are better than this product . It 's a big task to take out the food cubes from the tray .
 I read the reviews and thought that the good seemed to outweigh the bad , but I was wrong ! These cubes are no where near an ounce each ! The whole point of purchasing the product was for easy grab and go for my breast milk . I put three cubes in a bottle , expecting to have 3 ounces , and it was about 13/4 an ounce . That is ridiculous ! PLUS the lids do n't fit correctly.I guess I can use them for regular ice cubes .
 These came warped . The lids do not even slightly go on the trays . Overpriced piece of junk . So right out of the box brand new they do not function . Stay away from these , they are a total waste of money .
 Do not like this product ... lids DO NOT STAY ON from the moment i un-packed them . They have not been in dishwasher . Also very hard to get frozen cubes out . I will no longer use this item !!
 I like that it has a cover , but the food is very hard to get out and the tray broke the first time I used it . The plastic is so hard when frozen that it becomes brittle . Still looking for a better way to freeze baby food .
 I bought this item thinking that it would serve as an organizer for my breast milk storage . Instead I ended up with two over-priced ice trays with a cover ! You are much better off buying breast milk freezer storage bags or containers where you can put the date , the amount and keep more quantity per unit.Do not waste your money and buy this as there are several better and more cost-effective alternatives for storing breast milk . I promptly returned this as soon as I opened the package . PS Amazon was very graceful about the return , which I appreciated .
 When I was looking for the Pure Komachi 2 Series Hollow-Ground Santoku Knife , I saw the Fresh Baby So Easy Baby Food and Breast Milk Trays as a `` Frequently Bought Together '' item and I was immediately drawn to the product . My SO needed a little something less embarrassing to enjoy my breast milk when we 're out and about so I figured that this is the perfect solution . I have been searching high and low for breast milk trays . When I received it , my SO was very disappointed that the slots in the trays were not breast-shaped . Buyer beware
 This company never shipped the item , never responded to my emails and was just plain disappointing ! Purchased the set off ebay , cheaper and actually received the items ! Wont use again !! ONLY GOT ONE STAR BECAUSE ITS REQUIRED TO POST THE REVIEW !
 I was excited to get these so I could freeze breast milk and homemade baby food by one ounce cubes so I would n't have to waste or defrost milk I did n't need . But I swear , even though it reads that the cube sizes are 1 ounce each , I can only get 3/4 ounce in each ... which is disappointing because now I will have to use 2 to cubes to get 1.5 ounces and so on and it 's just inconvenient . Make sure they are on a flat surface when freezing because the lid does not make it so the liquid stays in their own cube , would be nice if it did . And it 's kinda hard to get the frozen milk or food out once frozen . : / not sure I would recommend this to anyone sadly .
 My set of trays were given to me by someone who got them as freebies , but she did n't have a baby and thought I 'd make better use of them . Certainly making pureed baby food and storing it frozen in cube form is very convenient , but I do * not * find these `` Fresh Baby '' trays to be any better than using regular ice cube trays . I do find the trays to be more stiff than my other regular trays , so I have to let them sit on the counter for a few minutes first before I can twist/flex them to get the cubes out . So far I have n't had any problems with the lids snapping properly , as some others have commented , but I also remove the food from the trays after a couple hours when it is frozen and store the cubes in another container . Since I do that , it does n't even matter that they have lids . In my opinion , save your money and use regular ice cube trays instead .
 I received these trays as a gift . Love that they are bpa free and come with lids , however , each cube holds only 1/2 oz to 2/3 oz breastmilk -LRB- not 1 oz as stated online and on the product packaging -RRB- . As thawed breastmilk is only good for 24 hours in the fridge , this makes planning more difficult and can lead to wasted `` liquid gold '' . Will not be using for breastmilk storage
 I liked the idea of these trays , even if they are just fancy ice cube trays with covers . Unfortunately , the covers do n't seal well and pop off in the freezer .
 I really like using the little square glad plastic tubs rather than this item just didnt like how it was too much work trying to get the frozen cube out if I did n't want to defrost the whole thing .
 it 's an ice cube tray ... with a lid . if you are looking for two ice cube trays with lids this product is for you . otherwise if you already own an ice cube tray and some plastic wrap , you probably do n't need this .
 I wanted to love these trays . I have been nothing but disappointed . I could have saved money and bought other storage containers . The lids do not fit very snug . I make food , leave it overnight , and by morning there is frost on the cubes . Grr . I immediately transfer to ziploc bags for storage . I will continue to use them because I am not willing to spend any more .
 These are really just an expensive ice cube tray . I should have just bought a few more of the ones I have from Ikea - they have covers that fit , they 're flexible and they 're cheaper . The covers on these do n't fit and they are not flexible . I have a heck of a time getting stuff out of them . I guess I fell into that silly new parent thing - must buy all kinds of baby stuff .
 I admit it - It 's really my fault . I thought I was purchasing the silicon trays which would have been much more useful.The lids are a very tight fit and there 's absolutely no give to the plastic - so when you try to crack the frozen food it 's virtually impossible.I have to thaw the filled trays and turn them upside down to remove the food.I definitely regret this purchase . I could have paid $ 1 for a set of trays that work better .
 Maybe I am doing something wrong , but I can not , for the LIFE of me , get the food out easily from these trays . I have tried banana , avocado , sweet potato and breast milk . These trays are not flexible in the slightest , so twisting does not work . I have tried running hot water over the bottom to loosen the cubes , banging them on the counter -LRB- not such a practical idea when baby is napping -RRB- , prying them out with a knife - all to no avail . I can eventually get them out through brute force , but it is VERY difficult.Maybe they will get easier to twist after enough use . My husband is going to try tonight as well , and maybe his manly man strength can make it happen.Lid fits great for us .
 my biggest complaint with these trays is that they make tiny cubes , not 1oz cubes as they claim . it 's turned into a game in our house -- how many cubes will it take to make 5oz ? 8 ? 9 ? it 's inconsistent and hard to measure how much my baby is eating . i 'll probably buy different trays soon and get rid of these .
 Not much more to say - I can not get the lids to close tightly , a corner and even a whole side will stay up or pop back up on me , no matter how many times I push it back down , or run it under hot water -LRB- per the directions -RRB- . I have 4 of these trays and all are affected . Quite a disappointment . The trays are useless without a tight seal . Freezer burn would be immediate .
 I started out using these to freeze my breast milk because I thought they would be a good way to freeze small quantities . The size of the compartments is 1/2 an ounce . This method just turned out to be way too much work because I would need to freeze the milk in the storage trays and then transfer the cubes to another storage bag . My initial plan was that I would thaw the cubes in the bottle overnight . However , the cubes are too large to fit into some of the bottles that I have . Additionally , the number of cubes that would fit into the bottle was only about 2-3 ounces of milk . I ended up having to thaw the breast milk in a separate container and then pour it into bottles . Another problem is that even though I double bagged the milk it appeared as if some of my milk was starting to get freezer burn . Freezing milk in cubes is not a good idea for long term storage , but might be ok for short term storage . The trays seem to be sturdy and the lid fits really well . I plan to use the trays when my baby starts to eat solid food .
 The cubes are NOT 1 oz !!!! They are half an oz which now looking back i should have read the negative reviews instead of the good ones . Maybe if my child drank less but one whole trays worth of food is what my baby drinks in one bottle . I will be rummaging these and sticking with the storage bags .
 It is VERY difficult to get the cubes out of the trays . The trays do not bend well enough to easily pop the cubes out . Yes , of course you can run warm water over the back of the tray to loosen them , but this is NOT an effective way for getting frozen breastmilk out , as it begins to melt slightly , which is not good if you are planning to store the frozen cubes for the future.Also if you 're trying to make cubes that are exactly 1 oz in size , this is not the tray for you ; pouring in one ounce of breastmilk overflows the little compartment . It might work fine for baby foods to slightly overfill the compartment , but it is messy and extremely annoying with milk.The only positive thing I have to say about these trays is that the lids fit well and are easy to put on and take off .
 When I first saw this product , I was excited about it . It looked durable and I loved the silicon lid . However , the use of this product in freezing my homemade baby food purees is not great . The trays are very rigid ; there is no way to twist the product -LRB- like one would an ice tray -RRB- to remove the cubes . YOu have to let them thaw a little to get them out , and for many different foods -LRB- like prunes ! -RRB- this is disastrous . In fact , I still have a tray of prunes from when I first tried the trays ! I 've tried banging them on the counters and the only thing I have found to get the food out is to run water along the back of the trays , and leave them sitting upside-down for about 5 minutes . Most of the cubes will fall out , and you can usually bang or pry the last few.The lid works well and fits snugly . I really wanted this product to be great , but it is n't .
 I have n't tried this for baby food , but I can say that it does not work well for breast milk storage . The reason is because the plastic the tray is made out of is too hard to twist easily to make it release the cubes of frozen breast milk . In order to be able to get the breast milk out , you have to let it thaw slightly , which is n't good for breast milk if you are planning to keep it frozen .
 Just received the trays . There are two trays and one lid . Very disappointed . I ca n't return it because I broke the box before noticing the missing lid .
 Great idea , poor quality . Does not create tight seal so defeats the purpose . Warps in dishwasher , even on top rack . Freezer burn on baby food ... bad .
 When my son is calm , this product works great . However , when he is very active for whatever reason -LRB- ie. , wakes up hungry -RRB- , he does indeed slide down the pad and ends up on the crib matress . He has also knocked over the sides when he waves his arms around rapidly . Note he 's only 7 lbs . when this started . I feel I need to be around when he 's in this incline - I would never use it overnight .
 After my daughter got to be about a month old she kept sliding down . A few times she even moved up and her head was off the top of it . She 's also kicked off the velcro wedges . Oh , and if there is an accident , forget about it . The entire foam turns yellow . The covering is also really tough to get back on once it 's been washed . I was originally going to give it 3 stars cause it worked for awhile , but after reading my own review I 'm changing it to two .
 Tried to use it several times but my daughter hated it . I could tell that she was not very comfortable . It did not allow her to move her arms where she wanted to . Also it is very small in size . If she did like it , it would not have lasted very long .
 The first week I loved it , but then I discovered our daughter slides down . Also , the foam pad began to lose its shape . Save your money , until the manufacturer improves the product .
 I had high hopes for this positioner . I ignored earlier reviews warning about the `` slide '' factor . Unfortunately it is true . My baby slid down , completely off the positioner , and UNDER her blanket . Imagine finding your infant buried under a blanket . She was 4 weeks old , and thank God she was not suffocated . We have not used it since , and I can not recommend it because I consider it unsafe .
 The `` memory foam '' is really a term used to put a positive spin on the fact that the foam will have an indent from the babies head after a few uses . Also , after one wash , the foam did not fit in the cover . I recommend putting something over this to prevent the need to wash the whole thing . Also , the velcro is n't attached well to the removable side wedges . As titled above , this item is not very durable .
 The first night I tried this , my newborn slid down in between the bumpers . This product is dangerous .
 I wish I had done more research before buying this item . After talking to the hospital staff & reading parents ' comments here , I do not plan to use it for my newborn . SIDS experts do not approve of its use for the very reason many moms are talking about here ... it is made of soft foam and can suffocate babies . -LRB- especially given that the baby can slide down the incline and get there nose/mouth covered by the soft side cushions . $ 20 wasted for me !
 This product does n't get the job done . My son slid down it every night . I finally gave up . Also not matter how I placed the side things he always mannaged to roll onto his side . Once he got older -LRB- 2 months -RRB- if he was n't sliding down it , he was pushing himself up it . Then his head fell off of the top and got wedged in between this and the bumper ! That is when I stopped using it.It 's a great concept , just not practical .
 I thought this would be a great product for our new baby but he slides down so that his head is between the wedges and that makes me feel uncomfortable . He also is starting to wiggle around alot more and some times he wiggles his little head right off the top of the inclined to sleep bottom . This props his head back and seems very uncomfortable and unsafe . I use the side wedges attached to the sheets now but not the bottom of the sleeper . It worked good when he was days old but now he is 5 weeks and I can no longer feel safe using this product .
 My 3 month old slid down between the bumpers the first night I used it ... I almost had a heart attack when I saw her in the morning . This could be very dangerous ... babies can suffocate .
 I had heard many good things about these inclined sleepers but when I came in to check on my 1 month old he had squirmed down with his face stuck against the barrier . If I had not gone in to check he might have suffocated on his own carbon dioxide . I suggest rolling a receiving blanket tightly and putting under one side of the baby instead . It might save their life .
 My daughter is almost three weeks and because she is a squimer , she ends up with her head hanging off the back or side . I had to take it out , for me it was more dangerous .
 I bought this when my daughter was a month old and had terrible reflux . Not only did it not help the reflux , but I do n't feel it was safe and it did n't hold up in the washing machine . On several occasions , my daughter ended up sliding down in between the side positioners . She was very small , born just over 5lbs , and did not fit to well in this . Because of her reflux , I needed this to stand up to repeated washings . Even with putting absorbant materieal on top of this to try and protect it , she still spit up right through it . When I washed this item , it ended up being deformed . Save your money and find something else . This product is not grea.t The only reason why I gave it 2 stars is my daughter seemed somewhat comfortable in it , that it until she fell in between the positioners .
 While the product did what it was supposed to do and kept her sleeping in one position , I did not like this product and would n't recommend . I have a very fussy baby and had to eventually resort to swaddling her to get her to sleep . When I was using this the incline it actually made her slide down from her kicking and crying when she would wake up during the night . It scared me to death cause one night I put her to sleep in it and she was fine , then about 6 hours later I woke to hearing her crying on her monitor . When I went into her room to go get her to feed her , she was about a foot under the blankets cause while she was crying and kicking around , she scooted her body down it and under her quilt . She was fine but all I could think was about how she could have ended up suffocating under the blanket since she was swaddled and did n't have her arms to push the blanket off her face . I have n't used it since . Now I just swaddle her and tuck her in and I have n't had the problem of her scooting under the blanket or even moving down the bed slightly since . If you have a mover and a shaker like I do , I DO NOT recommend this item .
 I was convinced that this Incline to Sleep would help my babies breathe better at night . However , both them them just slid down the incline . This was not what I expected .
 This item was truley a great find until the first time my son spit up on it . Then came the challange of cleaning the sleeper . The outer cover and bolsters came through the washing machine and dryer both with no problems but the inner inclined pad was a different story . It folded over on itself and stuck together . Then after the dryer , it became even tougher to return to the outer covering . I would only recommend this item it your newborn does not EVER spit up and require cleaning of bed linens . Right !
 he would n't stop crying when we put him down on the inclined to sleep , so we picked him up , removed the item from the bassinet and put him back down -- he was fast asleep in less than 5 seconds !!
 Do your research before buying this . In my infant CPR class I was told that the SIDS alliance does not recommend this product . They said it was best to place your baby in a bare crib , using a sleep sack for warmth if necessary .
 Please read this from the AAP statement ! `` Avoid commercial devices marketed to reduce the risk of SIDS
 Not that it cost very much , but a waste nonetheless . I purchased this to help my son avoid a flat head , but only ended up using it for about a week.Since he is a March baby and we live in Michigan , the nights are cold so he would wear thicker sleeper pajamas to bed . The velcro sides that hold your baby in place would stick to his pj 's , he would slide down between the two sides and some nights would end up sliding right off of it anyway since he moved his arms while he slept . I was more afraid he 'd have his face stuffed into the side and would suffocate more than I worried about getting a flat head.One night he wet through his diaper so I washed it and I could not straighten out the cushion enough inside to fit nicely back into the cover.I will not be purchasing one of these for any future children I may have .
 We returned it because we really were unhappy with it . Our baby would slip down and it was akward for her to sleep in . We purchased the `` First Years Air Flow '' sleep positioner instead and love it .
 This product needs to be covered with a blanket , the mesh at the head seemed to irritate my baby , she slept better once i put a blanket on it . I also had to remove one side panel , it was too tight of a fit for her , she likes to roll to her side a little and could barely even turn her head . I know it keeps them on their back , but I would not buy it again .
 When my daughter was a few days old I went into her room because she was crying ... I found that she had gotten out of her swaddling , slid down , and turned . Her face was smashed against the side of the side positioners and she was having a hard time breathing . Took this product out immediately . A couple weeks later I decided to give it another try . It happened again . I would not recommend this for an active baby that likes to move at a young age .
 I bought this item for my daughter and I thought I loved it ... This product gets dirty very easily . I ended up throwing it away because the foam peice got MOLDY ! I was disgusted ... my daughter could have gotten sick from that . We probably had this item for about 3 months and I washed it atleast once a week . I do n't recomend this product .
 We bought this for our daughter because she has a larynx condition that causes the formula to pool in her throat . Our doctor recommended lifting her mattress up slightly . Well she 's still in a bassinett , so we bought this item.When we put it in her bed , I was hit by the chemical smell on it , so I checked out the laundering instructions . NOWHERE on the instructions does it say not to wash the wedge . Why would anyone assume you ca n't wash it ? It 's in a baby 's bed . It 's bound to get dirty , especially since it 's for babies with reflux and the part their head is on is mesh . So we threw the whole thing on the delicate cycle . My husband sat up for 3 hours waiting for the wedge to dry . When I checked her the next morning , the wedge was still damp , so I dried it some more . -LRB- Yes , the cover definitely shrunk too . -RRB- So we tried it again last night and she spit up on it . I sponged off the foam but I kept thinking , there 's no way I 'm getting all this , it will form mold inside this thing . Sure enough , I read the reviews and that 's what has happened.Between that , all the stories of babies sliding down or off the back of this , it will NOT be in my daughter 's bassinett tonight.I also think it 's very deceptive the way all the medical agencies are listed on the front of the box when it 's back sleeping they recommend , NOT this product .
 I bought this item when my daugther was first born and it worked great . Once she hit a month old and was moving around more , her head would slide off of the side even with the positioners in tact . I got pretty scared . Once they start to move more , I would probably recommend getting the wedge incline for the crib , or just purchase that in the beginning . It is much cheaper and you will feel more safe and secure when your baby is inclined .
 I am not too impressed with this product . It was okay for the first week , but then my son started to slide up or down and would not even be on it by the time he woke up , which defeated the purpose . The sides do not attach very well to begin with and definitely are not helpful if the baby scoots during sleep . Another problem is with washing it . It is very hard to get the cover back on once you take it off . It is like it does n't fit properly . My son is 5 weeks old and I stopped using this 31/2 weeks ago . Do n't waste your money !
 Do n't bother buying this `` pillow ! '' I used with our son for no more than 2 weeks ! After about 10 days he had figured out how to scoot down so his face was where his body should be . This made me nervous because of fear of SIDS with those pillow things . A few days later he started scooting himself up the pillow so his head was off the top . Totally useless ! Also , the cover shrunk dramatically when I washed it before using it .
 We bought this wedge because we needed to elevate our 3 week old baby 's head and make sure that she stayed on her side . At this early age , she managed to wiggle down and get her arms pinned above her head . We tried a couple of times to get it to work , but she woke up crying each time with her arms stuck . This definitely did not work for us .
 Both of my daughters slid right down the positioner . So I stopped using it right away . I do not recommend this product at all .
 My child had issues with reflux so I bought this to help him digest while sleeping . Two problems
 I registered for this item before my son was born because I was a nervous first-time mom who , like many , was terrified of SIDS . I wanted to make sure that my baby would be safely positioned on his back and would not inadvertently roll over during the night . What nobody told me was that my baby would not roll over as a young infant -LRB- because he simply was not strong enough yet -RRB- , and that he would also wiggle around in a sleep positioner and end up in a very different place than where I left him.I used the sleep positioner in a bassinet right next to our bed , and I frequently found my baby scrunched up at the bottom of the positioner against the base of the bassinet . Once , I found him with his head hanging precariously over the top edge . After that , I took the sleep positioner out of the bassinet . I used it for a grand total of 6 weeks . Knowing what I know now , I do n't think I will be using it for my next child . I know now that my young infant will be able to stay on his/her back without artificial aids . I know now that babies slide down inclined surfaces . And I know now that the SIDS Alliance recommends NOT using sleep positioners in your child 's crib . So I would recommend passing on the sleep positioners -LRB- unless instructed otherwise by your pediatrician -RRB- , and making sure your child 's sleeping environment is as safe as possible .
 Our daughter is now 14 weeks old and does not use this anymore but , when she did we had serious issues with her sliding . She would go in it swaddled with one arm free -LRB- as suggested by her pediatritian -RRB- and I would find her slid down to the bottom with her head between the bumpers . No matter how snug we fit the sides to her she always slid . Needless to say , I quit using it and she was fine without it . If you need to elevate your baby put a phone book under the mattress and save yourself some money .
 We had this for our son . He would constantly slip down and then his pajamas were up around his face which is certainly not safe . We stopped using it after about a week , so it certainly was not worth the money .
 I work with a lot of newborns in private homes , and have used this positioner quite a few times . I now refuse to work with it . I have seen many babies work their way UP the wedge , and then their head falls off the top of it . This seems very dangerous -LRB- if not uncomforatble -RRB- to me ! If you want a wedge because of tummy troubles , reflux , etc. get a wedge that goes under the mattress or under the sheet , or better yet , just put a thick pillow under the mattress .
 My newborn could not stay positioned properly on this . He slid down and ended up with his head between the 2 bolsters - a potentially dangerous position . I do not recommend this product .
 I purchased this sleep positioner for my not even 2 week old daughter figuring she would stay in it throughout the night . Being the neurotic new mother that I am , I woke up to check up on her . . I was horrified when I found her perpendicular to the wedge and the basinet . . It scared me to death and I will not use it again . . I already returned it after one scary night ... I just recently purchased the baby 's first years positioner . Have n't tried it yet , but I am hoping that this wo n't happen again !!
 I bought this product with safety in mind . However , when my daughter was a month old , I was woken one night to her grunting . I found that she had wiggled her way down the positioner and had only her head between the wedges . She was also covered by her blankets which she had wiggled under . I think a flat positioner would be a much safer choice .
 I was very excited to use the positioner and it really helped keep my little one in place . But , after the very first time in the washing machine , the foam insert began to crumble into pieces . Also , it is very hard to reassemble after washing/drying . Then , the second time through -LRB- the wash -RRB- caused a big hole in the middle of the positioner . It looked like someone took a huge bite , not to mention all of the foam I had to clean out of my washing machine . I would definitely not buy this item , and am going to look for more sturdy positioners .
 I 'm somewhat scared of this products safety . PLEASE , check with your doctor before you use it . I work in childcare and know that we are NEVER allowed to prop a baby in any way ! This is a licensing rule . Some of their rules seem silly , but they really do have reasons for them . I 'm not trying to knock the product , I just want your child to be safe . Please do your homework and check it out . Thanks !
 I asked my public health nurse about this before I put my baby to sleep with it and she said that there have been problems with these items . The SIDS alliance tells new moms that there is to be nothing in the crib with the baby AT ALL , no blankets , stuffed animals , nothing . These have pillows that have BEEN KNOWN to become detached and create suffocation hazards . The industry loves new moms because they can market so much useless -LRB- and in this case dangerous -RRB- crap using the fear tactic and make oh so much money doing it . Do n't buy into it.My nurse has been at this for a very long time and works closely with the SIDS alliance and told me that there is no reason for a healthy baby to use one of these but one big reason not to , IT CAN KILL YOUR CHILD . Just a word of advise from a concerned mom . Now that I know , I would n't use one and would recommend that no one else does either .
 My husband insisted on registering for this - so we did . We rec 'd as a gift and truthfully , I took it out of the box , washed it in Dreft so that it would be ready to use when I brought my son home from the hospital . My doc said not to use it and so I did n't - ever ... However , I have also been blessed with a very healthy baby that has n't had a cold to date - he is 71/2 months old now and too old to use it since he has been rolling over now for 2 months . I say ... Save your money and get something you can use !
 Beware of this product !! We tried to use this product at 7 weeks old as we were transitioning from his bassinet to the crib and we found him 2 nights in a row able to slide down from the incline and his head was pass the side positioners ! The third night we used the side positioners only as they can velcro to sheet saver we have attached in the crib and it worked better . This is a overpriced product and the incline padding is very dangerous for a baby .
 I do not own one of these , however according to studies done by scientists , sleep positioners for babies are not known to be any safer for keeping babies on their back and can even sometimes increase the risk for SIDS . Please consider researching sleep positioners before buying one !!!
 We were excited to use this product and it worked well until my baby scratched her leg . The velcro underneath the side attachments scratched my baby 's leg as she was kicking when she woke up from her nap . I was VERY upset to see that a product made for babies could do this .
 I bought this product based on the other reviews , but I have to disagree . The wedge is much too soft . A soft matress or putting the baby near blankets or pillows is supposed to be a suffocation risk . Well , based on that advice , this product did not feel safe to me . I washed it when I brought it home , and the seam fell apart . I would not recommend this product .
 This was one of the worst mistakes I have made so far in being a new parent . I TRIED to let my baby sleep on this thinking that it was a safe bet . Unfortunately , my baby moves in his sleep -LRB- as most babies do I would imagine -RRB- and when I checked on him , he had slid down the wedge and his arms were up over his head . I moved him up the wedge again and moved the sides down lower on the wedge -LRB- thinking this would help somehow ... -RRB- When I checked him again , his head was hanging over the side of the wedge . At that point , I removed the wedge completely and will never try it again . I definitely would not recommend this to anyone !!!!
 We have this positioner in the porta crib and the Air Flow positioner in the bassinet . The Inclined to Sleep positioner is n't our favorite because our 3 week old slides down in it while sleeping and wakes up crying and uncomfortable . -LRB- This does n't happen in the Air Flow which is 1/2 the price ! -RRB- The Inclined to Sleep looks comfortable , but not when the little one wakes up crying and uncomfortable !
 When we first brought my 6 week premature son home from the hospital at 1 week old , we tried this product . He wiggled around too much to stay in it . He also would not stay swaddled . I found him completely off it at the opposite end of the crib , when we used this . At that point , it became too dangerous to use because it could smother him if it flipped on top of him . I tried to use it one more time when he seemed congested , but he screamed when I put him down on it & immediately tried to wiggle himself off of it . Do n't waste your money on a product that can oly be used for the first couple of weeks on a child that does n't move around a lot !
 i registered and received this item , but returned it because i wanted to possibly use the baby snuggle nest , but ultimately had baby sleep in car seat for a while near me , and then when in crib she was swaddled and couldnt roll over , and as for the incline i purchased the crib wedge that is the width of the crib unlike the smallness of this one , which is great when your baby can finally move around in the crib . this basically is one of the many items aimed at the nervous new mom , but a waste
 Beware of this product ! My baby is only 4 weeks old and I awoke this morning to find that one of the side wedges had come loose . She had rolled over and become wedged between the incline sleeper and the crib bumper . For some reason I was able to hear her gasping for breath and found her struggling for air as her face was smashed against the bumper and her back to the incline sleeper.We have ofcourse removed the wedge and bumper - it is now a free and clear crib . Please think twice before using this product ! The velcro tabs that keep the side wedges in place are not strong enough to keep even a 4-week old in place . I 'm sending mine back to the company as a very upset mom !
 The side positioners helped however our baby would slide down and wind up in a most uncomfortable position in the bassinet ...
 When I saw that this was both a crib wedge and sleep positioner all in one , I was happy . I figured I would save money since I was planning on buying both things anyway for my son . Well , from the very beginning , he would slide down and end up off of the product . He did this every night . Finally , by the time he was two months it was in his closet . Obviously , since he was able to scoot himself down , the positioner did not keep him in place . This positioner is definitely not worth the money . You are better off just buying a plain crib wedge to help your baby 's breathing rather than this two-in-one disaster .
 I used this product for the first 2-3 weeks , when I was able to swaddle my infant and he did n't move around in his sleep much . Once he started to move , however , he would slide down the incline and his face would end up against the positioners - very dangerous ! I ended up buying a positioner that does not incline , however it does have `` open '' positioners -LRB- like an air vent -RRB- , so if baby does end up scooched down , he/she can still easily breathe . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this for my son to try and get him to sleep properly but he ended up finding ways to escape it . I tried this on him for three days but I would get up to find him slid out of it , giving me his mischievious grin . Luckily I was able to return it and get back the money I wasted . I think it 's useless . Babies are too smart for this . They will find ways out of it .
 I have been using this since we brought our baby home . For the first few weeks it was a useful item . We would swaddle her in a kiddopotomous , and put her in here and she would sleep very well . Around a month , she started getting wrestless about being swaddled so we used a baby blanket . She started outgrowing this at about 5 weeks - we would find her with her head hanging off the top of the incline . I adusted the side supports so it was a little more snug , and farther down so that her head would n't slide off . Within a couple of days I woke up to find her under the blanket with her head between the two side supports . This to me is more dangerous than allowing her to sleep on her tummy ! We were leary of potential suffocation ! Our baby is currently 7 weeks old , I feel this was a waste of money considering it was only useful for a month . This product needed to be made about 6 inches longer , and the side supports needed to be made with a mesh fabric for breathability just in case the baby wiggles her way down . Good idea , but needs improvement .
 I actually own this and used it for my son when he was an infant , but we co-sleep , so he laid on it in our bed . I was watching the news in my city this week and a couple who owns this same positioner had put it in their baby 's crib and during the night , he slid down and pressed his face into one of the side rests and suffocated . He was about 6 or 8 weeks old . An expert came on to say that not enough testing has been done on sleep positioners and it 's still best to keep your crib bare -- do n't even use bumpers because the baby can roll into those and suffocate . He said to use a sleep-sack or a light blanket only . I 'm going to just throw this away , because after looking at it and thinking about how an infant can move around , I see how it happened . I would just think twice before using it.P.S . If you 're worried about reflux , you can buy a wedge to put under the crib mattress or you can do what one book suggests and prop the yellow pages under the mattress to elevate the baby 's head a few inches .
 I loved the idea ... . My seven week old baby needs help digesting BUT I was horrified to hear her fussing and then to see her slumped down the inlince turned slightly to the side with her face smashed up against the bolster . Frankly , it is not worth it . I am more afraid that this could harm/kill my baby than if she were to throw up . Thank God I was in the room . I can not imagine what would have happened if I was not .
 We got this sleep positioner based on the good reviews it got , but I must say I am very displeased with this product . In fact , it scares the H@!! out of me !!! I agree with the review that it is made of cheap material and wears very quickly , but more importantly , the velcro wedges do not stay put on the fabric ... they actually come completely off in the middle of the night and we find my son sideways in the bed -LRB- happened more than once -RRB- ! As another reviewer mentioned as well , if the wedges do stay in place , will slide down the middle of the positioner and we find him at the very bottom ... so much for the purpose of the incline ! My 8 week old son sleeps in between us in our bed and I place the top of the positioner near the headboard and we sleep further down near my son 's feet , so he does not get any covers up near his face . My husband actually watched him slide down under the covers and then , luckily , bat the covers off of him ... I am so paranoid about SIDS !! This product is a great idea , but has some serious flaws . I may have gotten a bad one , as there have been so many rave reviews , but I needed to give my opinion and it looks like there was at least one other reviewer who had similar problems and she had to use blankets , etc. . . to make it work correctly ... for the money you pay for this product , you should n't have to rig it to work , especially when it comes to something for sleep !!
 CAUTION !!! I thought this would help my newborn sleep better and reduce the risk of SIDS . I was talking to the hospital after my son was born and the nurse told me to IMMEDIATELY discontinuing this product as it dramatically increases the risk of SIDS . I am furious that the manufacturer continues to make this product and does not put a warning label on it regarding the increased risk of SIDS . My hospital is trying to get the manufacturers to pull these sleep positioners off the shelves . Make sure you talk with your doctor before using this product !
 We bought this item and everything looked fine . Then we attended a Baby CPR and Safety Class at our local hospital and learned that this product might be preventing SIDS , but itself constitutes a suffocation hazard!Even the American SIDS Institute says on their website -LRB- sids.org -RRB- : `` Place infants to sleep in a baby bed with a firm mattress . There should be nothing in the bed but the baby - no covering , no pillows , no bumper pads and no toys . Soft mattresses and heavy covering are associated with the risk for SIDS . `` Please think , before you buy . Thank you !
 I got this as my older son , 8 , had the regular type of wedge . THis one does n't keep my new infant from going from a side position to his back , nor does he stay at the same height on it.Every night he slides down from his head being towards the top to his head being between the wedges . This to me is a tremendous suffocation hazard . I was very excited to get this as a gift and had even registered for it , but have been very disappointed with it 's performance . Also , the foam lost its bouyancy after less than a month . THere 's an indentation where I laid my son .
 My newborn baby kept on slipping down ! I bought it because she had a bad problem with spitting and I wanted her on a position that would decrease this habit so she could have a safer sleeping time . Well , there was no night that she would n't slip down , the little barriers on the side would come off easily and sometimes they will slip down with her . After a week it got very dirty from one of her spittings and I realized how hard it is to clean . The foam part got very nasty and I was so sick and tired of it that I ended up throwing it away ! Very disappointed ! It caused more stressed that what it solved !!
 I did not like this sleep positioner ! My daughter would wiggle out the top of it in her sleep . I found her with her head hanging off the top of it ! I threw it away that very day . We switched to one that was not inclined and now even if she wiggles out it wo n't hurt her breathing or her neck . The only good thing about it is the velcro on the bolsters sticks better than most .
 I registered for this product and received it at my baby shower . I thought it would be wonderful . I was wrong . My daughter who was 8 pounds 11 ounces at birth would slide down the Inclined to Sleep positioner . In fact , a few times I would go in to check on her and her head would be in between the two foam sides . SCARY ! This started happening after about 3 weeks of age . Until this age she was fine with it ... but by 3 weeks ... she was wiggling and moving too much to use the pillow part . I am thankful that nothing happened to her when she sild down the pillow . Because of this safety issue I would never reccommend this product to anyone . It 's not worth the risk .
 My 3 weeks old baby ends up with her head hanging off the back of this pillow or would slide down with her face in between the 2 positioners . It is dangerous.I found a use for the positioners : I use them while breastfeeding in bed on my side to hold my breast up to my baby 's mouth !
 We bought this product for our newborn and initially loved it . It kept him safely on his back and we had peace of mind . Then he started to move a little more in his sleep and we found him scootched all the way down to the bottom with his face in the cushions . The last time we used it was when we found him with his head hanging off the incline and he was crying . We then went to the flat positioner instead and seemed to eliminate this problem . If this product is purchased , I would also cover it with a receiving blanket to cover the mesh pad , it does seem to be a little rough on baby 's head without it .
 We used this during my baby 's first few days home , and have n't used it since . It seems like he would slide down , even with the foam sides in place . Now that my baby is 3 weeks old , he likes to sleep with his arms above his head and the foam sides seemed to block him from getting into that comfortable position .
 I do not recomend this product . My baby boy keep sliding down and end up several times with the support that are supose to go under his arms , right on his face . This is a sofocation hazard .
 I bought this for my second child . We have had a family member experience losing a child to SIDS , and we thought this product might put our mind at ease . It did just the opposite ! Just as other reviewers have commented on , my son would slide down and I would often find him between the wedges . It scared me so much I stopped using when he was just days old . Besides being potentially dangerous , it was just not made well either . If your baby spits up on it , it 's very hard to clean the foam portion of the product as well . I would never recommend this product to anyone . We have been using the basic two sided wedge we had with our daughter now , and feel MUCH better about our little boy sleeping safely now .
 I bought this product a week or so after bringing my newborn daughter home from the hospital . I am a first-time mom and was really anxious to do everything by the book . Perhaps other babies do better with this thing , but my daughter had a will and mind of her own since day 1 , and she absolutely hated being constrained in any way . She did not like being swaddled , and would always try to free her arms and legs . It was frustrating . My advise to new moms would be
 We bought this for my son -LRB- he had bad reflux -RRB- . Anyway I will lay out the pros and the cons for you : Pros : The inner stuffing -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- seems to be made of decent foam.The CONS : This product barely lasted 2 months although we intended on using it much longer.The sides have an awful covering and the velcro does not work . My son rolled right off after the velcro became dislodged . We found our son with his head buried in the side of the positioner/The cover does not wash well . When we had to wash the cover , we would use the hand wash cycle in the washer , then tumble dry on low . The cover always seemed to get smaller and never went on right after the first time that it was removed.We were desperate for a sleep positioner and decided to buy this one . It was a complete waste of $ 20 . Do n't waste your money . Poor workmanship and cheap materials -LRB- with the exception of the positioner itself -RRB- make it a hazard for baby .
 All sleep positioners and wedges are unsafe for use with babies . The SIDS alliance specifically states to avoid using these products in order to reduce the risk of SIDS . I bought one for my unborn son and while I 'm bummed to be out $ 20 , I 'm glad I learned of this before I placed my precious little boy on one of these positioners !
 I liked the idea of the incline in a positioner , but it turned out to be rather dangerous for my baby . I made sure the sides were firm against his body to position him , but he still slipped so that his face ended up against the foam sides . We 're lucky he 's still in a bassinet in our bedroom , or we would n't have heard the muffled cries . HORRIBLE !
 The price was expensive for something that does not work . My son kept slipping down and the heartbeat noises turned off after 15 minutes . Every time it turned off my son would wake up !
 For all the things we had heard about it being a suffocation hazard at a later age , it actually had potential even in the very beginning . Our little one actually used to slide down it as the night progressed , leaving her in between the wedges by the time she would wake . We tried tightening it to her as much as possible , and she still scooted down it . After a few too many attempts of this we stopped using it altogether . Maybe our baby was just too squiggly , but honestly I just found it dangerous . I think it is a great idea , but the product needs some work .
 Our daughter kept sliding out of it and the wedges would n't stay in place . I love the idea , but it just did n't work for us .
 My three month old outgrew her positioner that came with her co-sleeper recently and I thought that this would be a logical replacement . I even thought the `` tempurpedic '' type pad would prove beneficial . Not in the least ! Each morning she wakes up having slid down to the bottom of her bassinet . Thankfully we swaddle her and/or put her in a sleep sack so blankets are n't an issue . This particular item is only great in theory . I have used other posirioners in the past that never had this problem .
 This was a perfect design for our baby when he was a couple of weeks old , but then , as he began to fidget and wiggle , he slid right off of the wedge .
 I purchased the ` rest assured ' sleep postioner for one of our twins girls & was given this ` inclined to sleep ' from a friend , so decided to use that for our other twin girl . I have to say I do not like the inclined to sleep at all.When I place my daughter on it she manages to slip down the angled pillow , so when I go in to check on her she is scrunched up at the bottom of it . Kind of acts like a slide . Also if the baby spits up & you have to wash it , then it takes a long time to dry the foam insert.Our other twin daughter has been using the ` rest assured ' sleep positioner & I love it , so I just went out today & purchased a second one so they can both have a safe good nights sleep .
 I thought that I would need this for my first child so I added it to my registry.I got it and only to used it occasionally for the first two or three weeks . I found that my son did n't care to sleep in it and I felt guilt about someone spending the money on it .
 I do not have this exact item , but I did have 2 sleep positioners until I threw them away . I used to think they actually reduced SIDS , but they actually increase the risk . The SIDs Alliance does not recommend these or any form of soft bedding , blankets , or bumper pads . The nurses at the hospital where I had my children would not allow us to use anything like this in the hospital . Our pediatrician says do not use these . My state 's child care licencing laws prohibit the use of anything soft in cribs , including bumper pads . I have no idea why these are still made .
 I bought this for my acid reflux baby , but no matter how we positioned the wedges , she would slide out , roll over -LRB- at only a few weeks -RRB- , or worse , end up slid down on her side with her face smashed in the positioners on the side ! Also , all the respositioning wore out the Velcro in a few weeks , so the positioners slid around a bit . Maybe with a calm baby this would work , but for our wiggly girl we 're switching to a different version of the SnuggleNest .
 A friend recommended this product because it helped his baby sleep at night . It never worked for our daughter . She slips right off of it and ends up in a puddle at the bottom . I 've arranged the foam positioners as tight as possible around her little body and even taken her arms out of the swaddle and put the positioners beneath her armpits - she still slides down . Save your money and use two rolled up receiving blankets like they do in the hospital .
 My Husband and I got this for our Acid Reflex Baby and it did NOT help . When we put her on it she would slide right off . The material is not that soft . It also did not keep her from rolling over . I would NOT recommend it . If you have a Acid Reflex Baby go to www.colicshop.com this site can help with that and Colic Baby 's as well . Hope this help 's !
 I like this item . When I brought Maggie home we swaddled her and put the sides snuggled up against her . She quickly started moving and constantly kicked off her blanket . After 8 weeks we put her in her crib and I separated the sides a little further and tucked a blanket around it - using hospital corners - This stopped her from squirming down . We have used it every night - for the past 11 weeks .
 This was fine for the first couple weeks , then I realized that it actually did n't do much help . Sometimes it would slide up or down and just was n't long enough for him -LRB- and my guy is a short guy ! -RRB- . I then just used the trick that they did in the hospital and rolled up a couple of baby blankets and placed one on each side of him . Worked perfect !
 We used this product several times in our pack n play . Thankfully , we only used it during our baby 's daytime naps because we were able to monitir him carefully . He actually would slide down the slope and end up with his face in the wedges . After the third attempt with this product , we discarded it and used the first years product instead .
 My friends who are parents suggested that I register for this item . It worked for 1 week , after I threw it across the room because my daughter would n't sleep in it , it 's now in the closet . I 'm sure this works well for some babies , but you should put it in the bassinet so they 'll get use to it . That is if it 'll fit in your bassinet .
 In theory , I thought that this was a good buy since it would keep the baby on her back when sleeping . I tried this the first night my daughter slept in her bassinet . I had her feet positioned at the bottom and moved the side support wedges so that they were around her waist . A few hours later , she was wailing uncontrollably ; when I went in to check on her , she had wiggled up so far that her head was over the top wedge therefore painfully extending her neck . I removed this from her bassinet immediately and will not use it again .
 I am so surprised that this product received rave reviews . The wedge is much too soft , it offered no incline or support for my 6.5 lb son . I washed the cover once , and it pilled instantly and never fit over the foam right , so I tossed the wedge part . I gave the product 2 stars because I 've been using the triangular sleep positioners . While the velcro on the positioners never stuck well to the wedge , they attach quite nicely to the terrycloth sheet savers that I use . 6 months later , and I 'm still using the sleep positioners .
 What was pictured when I bought this dude diaper bag was NOT what came in the mail . I had to return it .
 This is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . To enough room for diapers etc. .
 What was pictured when I bought this dude diaper bag was NOT what came in the mail . I had to return it .
 This is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . To enough room for diapers etc. .
 It 's only 10 inches x 10 inches in width and length . Most of these hampers are at least 14 inches square . So small it 's barely usable , I 'd be taking clothes out before I 'm ready to do laundry . Read the reviews at target.com too . I 'm returning it which is sad because it 's really , really cute !
 OK , this Goodnight Bears theme is so cute , I have the whole set but was dissatisfied with the lamp . The base is plastic which could break plus the base does n't have a slit for the cord to go through so if you sit it on a flat table it leans alittle crooked which makes it easier to knock over . It would work great if you have a table with a hole in it ! Also the light bulb socket , the metal , gets extremely hot and It should n't be used in a child 's room when they could get burned like that even if you put the lamp out of reach , children get curious and find ways of getting to things !
 Hello . When I placed my order I was needing to extend a gate from the standard size to 47 inches . When I read your `` Product Features '' I understood I would be getting `` Two metal extension kits for openings 425/8 - 481/8 inches '' but that was very incorrect . I received literally two -LRB- 2 -RRB- bars as the `` extension kit '' needless to say I was very disappointed . I think it would be valuable to your customers if you included the information necessary for purchases . So , for me to cover the entryway I actually needed three -LRB- 3 -RRB- of your metal extension kits ... Unfortunately , I spent the money for a rush order so the costs and hassle of a return will be just that ; a hassle . I was very disappointed with my purchase and I ca n't use it.Product Features * One metal extension kit for openings 371/4 - 423/4 inches * One wood extension kit for openings 353/4 - 411/2 inches * Two metal extension kits for openings 425/8 - 481/8 inches * Two wood extension kits for openings 411/4 - 47 inches * No more than 2 optional extension kits recommended per gate
 Point
 We first ordered the gate based on the photo that was shown because it was exactly what we had . I soon realized that an extension kit was required AND special spindal clamp . It took my husband and his friend 45 minutes to install the gate . I 'm not sure I would purchase this again but there really are n't too many options for bottom of the stairs .
 We purchased this bag based on reviews and were very disappointed . The bag that touts itself as childproof never closed once open . I emailed them and they said we must have one of the few defective latches . There is no latch it is a snap on that never snapped due to the hard plastic casing it is in . I had initially asked my husband to put together a kit from what we had , bandaids , sterile wipes , neosporin etc. he should have done that and saved our good money . Useless useless product .
 This item is filled with bandage and wipes and dont forget the STICKERS . Do not call it FIRST AID KIT . it is a waste of money . you are better of go to your drug store and pickup mixed bandage and wipes and you might get the stickers free . what a waste .
 We are expecting our first baby any day now , so I ordered this after seeing it offered -LRB- and receiving good reviews -RRB- on all the online baby store sites . I wish I would have known that a good portion of the `` pieces '' in the 117 piece set included some cheap stickers , and the case itself ! The rest are mostly filler like cleansing wipes and band aids . You only get ONE -LRB- yes , one -RRB- of each of the useful things such as burn cream , hydrocortisone cream , and sting relief . You are better off just compiling your own first aid kid by purchasing items from the drug store . The reviews and descriptions I read made this seem like it was a must have for parents with small children . In reality , I 've seen these same items in any standard first aid kit -LRB- and those had more of the useful items -RRB- . One other minor thing ... the product picture makes this look as if you get two separate cases . It is actually just one case .
 I was aware before purchasing what items the medibag contained -LRB- it says in the product description -RRB- , so I was not disappointed in that aspect ; I purchased it mainly for the case anyway . Yes the case is cute and practical and can fit quite a few first aid items in it . But you would think being made out of a hard plastic that it would last a good while ; that was n't the case with the one I received . Not even a month after purchase one of the sides has already broken off and the other is coming loose . I still use it , I just ca n't carry it by the handles any more . I do n't regret the purchase because the contents have been useful and the case is still good for storing and keeping things organized but it probably was n't worth the $ 13 . I would n't purchase again .
 I noticed that most of the reviews on here are from people who purchased this as a gift for an expectant mom . As an expectant mom myself and someone who just received this as a baby shower gift , I have to say that I am not impressed . The bottle itself is big and from afar looks cute . If looked at up close , everything in the bottle looks cheap . Once you open the bottle , everything feels like cheap lightweight plastic and some pieces have sharp edges . There is no way I would EVER give this as a gift let alone use any of this stuff on my own child or someone else 's child . Please do yourself a favor when spending money on someone when looking for a baby shower gift 1 . stick to the baby registry if the mom has one 2 . just because this bottle has a lot of `` goodies '' -LRB- toddler cups that are small , bottles , bottle brush , brush for hair , rattles , etc. -RRB- inside does n't mean it is good quality . Put together your own gift basket with a few good quality items that you yourself would like to receive . This bottle is really just a waste of your money as no mom is actually going to use or keep this item . And for what some people pay for this thing -LRB- as I have seen it sold else where up to $ 50 -RRB- you can do so much better in the gift department . This is going in the trash !
 I purchased the Elegant Blue Baby Bottle Bank on Amazon through another seller as a baby shower gift . It looked like a great idea and I was sure the new mom was going to appreciate it ! However , when I received the product , I was shocked to note it was made out of cheap plastic and the edges of many of the items inside were rough . There was no way I could hand this over to somebody as a gift , especially when there was a newborn involved . I returned it immediately and thankfully , without any hassle . I really have to say - I would not recommend this product for your own child or that of any other . Please buy something else .
 I bought this because I wanted to try wool but was not crazy about hand washing . This was felted and machine washable , but it cuts into my baby 's leg . Not worth it .
 I ordered this item along with others when they were on sale.After 36 hours I received email from Amazon saying that they `` are unable to offer this item for the incorrectly posted price . Therefore , have cancelled order for this item '' . It was a baby shower gift ! And I have a Prime membership -LRB- was supposed to receive item tomorrow -RRB- . I 'm very dissapointed with Amazon !
 I ordered this item at a very attractive price , about 85 % off
 I bought the 2006 model of the Combi Dakota , and I love it . I gave it to the in-laws so they would have a booster seat to chauffeur the little one around , and they love it . My father-in-law was actually gushing about how easy it was to install and use -LRB- my father-in-law does not pay compliments lightly -RRB- . You can quickly and easily adjust the shoulder belt with this seat . The shoulder belt adjuster pulls the shoulder belt down a couple of inches so that it fits over your child 's shoulder and not over your child 's throat . The 2006 model has a really nice plastic fold-and-lock clamp with a cord that can be adjusted by pressing a single button . Just press the button , slide the adjuster up or down the cord , release , and you 're done -LRB- the child can be in the seat when you do this -RRB- . The cord can be moved to the left or right side of the booster seat -LRB- unsnap the cover , move the cord , re-snap the cover -RRB- . The seat is small and sturdy enough to throw into a duffel bag and check it in with your other luggage when you fly so you 'll have a booster seat at your destination . When I did this on a recent trip , my in-laws made absolutely certain that I would return this seat to them because they did n't want to mess around with some other seat . So now in 2007 , I purchased -LRB- and subsequently returned -RRB- a second Combi Dakota booster seat.If you click the purchase button , you will be buying the 2007 model . Not as good as the 2006 model , not by a long shot . The shape is mostly the same . By thumping on it , it sounds like the two models are equally sturdy . The big -LRB- HUGE -RRB- difference is the shoulder belt adjuster . Like most booster seats , you use your car 's lap and shoulder belts to strap in the kid . The 2007 model replaces the cord with a strap that comes up through the center back of the seat . It 's a thin strap , so maybe your young one wo n't feel the strap behind his back . The adjuster clamp was replaced with a simple molded plastic clip . Inserting the shoulder belt into this new style clip is hard enough , but adjusting it is time consuming and tedious . To adjust the height of the shoulder belt , you must remove the shoulder belt from the clip , loosen the booster seat 's strap from the clip , and then tug at the strap literally six different directions to make your best guess as to how far the clip should be adjusted , and then some how hold the strap at this position while re-tugging the slack out of the strap . Re-insert the shoulder belt into the clip . Repeat this procedure until you get the shoulder belt adjusted over your child 's shoulder . Repeat this procedure if another child uses this booster seat . Repeat this procedure if you move the booster seat to another car.You can see the 2006 user 's manual at the Combi web site -LRB- combi-intl -RRB- . I could not find the 2007 user 's manual on their site . The 2007 user 's manual that came with the 2007 booster seat had illustrations of the new adjuster strap , but the verbal instructions adjacent to the illustrations still describe the clamp and cord used in the 2006 booster seat . This makes it sound like you can adjust the 2007 model by simply pressing a button and sliding the adjuster up and down a cord -LRB- this is not true for the 2007 model -RRB- . Print out the verbal instructions above and paste them into your user 's manual -LRB- should you choose to purchase this seat -RRB- . There 's no way I 'm going to use the 2007 model . There 's NO WAY I 'm going to give this seat to my in-laws . Whenever we fly with our child , we will borrow back the 2006 booster seat.The 2006 model was made in Romania . The 2007 model is made in China .
 We were very disappointed in the size of this seat not the quality . Quality seems fine but I do n't know what kind of car the reviewer owns who said you can put three of these in a back seat but they were way off base . We have a simple Cosco High rise and it is at least 2 inches narrower than the Combi , we also have two Britax Parkway and a third combination seat -LRB- ca n't remember the type -RRB- . Our cars are a Volvo V70 and now a 2006 Honda Civic . We can get two Parkways and the combination seat in the back of the Civic . We bought the Combi -LRB- to replace the High Rise as it looked more comfortable -RRB- for short trips . Although two Parkways fit , it is difficult to fit the head rest -LRB- when 3 seats are in the back -RRB- for one of the Parkways when it is extended for our oldest daughter . The bases widths are not the issue with this configuration.The Combi however is widest of all the seats we own now and pretty much useless to us because it is so wide . The seat is built well and comfortable enough but definitely do n't buy it because of the one review saying it is narrow .
 I bought this dresser thinking it was a similar style to a $ 1000 one that Pottery Barn Kids carries . While the look may be similar , it stops there . Firstly , this dresser does not resemble white in any way . If antique white means ivory or cream , why do n't they just call it by either ? The size is also diminutive . The drawers are very shallow and will not accommodate a growing child or their accumulation of wardrobe . While the outside packaging seemed secure enough , the inside revealed many damaged parts . The assembly directions have to be the worst part of this dresser . The instructions very often skipped steps or assumed you had already performed the tasks necessary to connect so and so piece together . Also , the directions fail to adequately identify which piece is which - making the assembly a tedious and frustrating endeavor and I have put together many pieces . The pros of this dresser are that it is definitely better quality than your average IKEA piece . While it is still constructed of particle wood , the parts are adequately thick making it solid enough ... though certainly not comparable to Pottery Barn 's furniture . Aesthetically , it is a pretty good looking dresser .
 Great idea but I 'm not sure what tiny size of weewee these were measured for but definitely did not fit my baby 's . I would be soaked for sure in 2 seconds if I used these .
 Ready . . Aim . . Fire . . A small cone soaked in pee being launched across the room , is what you get when you use these . What a mess . Get a wee block they work so much better , they are n't as flimsy .
 I bought these for my newborn son who peed everywhere , every time we changed him . These get one star for being really cute and a good idea in theory . However , unless your child stays perfectly still while being changed , these do not stay put . They were too small to cover my newborn son 's privates without falling off with the slightest movement . Also , the one time that it stayed put long enough for him to pee in it -LRB- he basically started peeing right after I put on the teepee -RRB- , it was not absorbent enough to hold all his pee and it dripped down onto him , the changing table and his outfit . I would not recommend spending the money on these . We just use a preemie sized cloth diaper over him during each change and when he does pee , that generally catches it all .
 We did n't find this useful at all . Just a fun concept :-RRB- Practically speaking I would rather suggest placing some facial tissues very gently to cover your little one 's wee wee while changing diaper . For us that works much better than this .
 Do not waste your money ? It does not even stay so u can as well use your hands to stop pee
 Not really functional . My son does n't pee too often while changing , so I lucked out . He does pee every time I bathe him , but we are already in the tub , so I do n't worry about this . These are more fun than functional .
 This falls into the -LRB- rather large -RRB- category of ` useless clutter people gave us ' leading up to the birth of our son . If you 're thinking of getting this for someone as a shower gift , DONT . Save your money and/or get them something they actually want off of their registry .
 These are really cute and a good idea if they actually stayed on . It falls off 2 seconds after I put it on .
 This is an ok product , but my baby was really too big for them at birth . He would immediately kick them off . I think they are cute , but not really functional .
 This was a distaster purchase , I regret buying it and not giving enought time to research on it , it didnt serve purpose , what a waste !
 This is a cute idea , but as the baby becomes active the tee pee falls off . Do n't waste your money , just use a baby wipe or towel .
 These are one of those things that new parents like the idea of , but throw out the window in a matter of days because they 're so inconvenient . Just use a rag or a wipe if you 're worried . I do n't use anything and have gotten peed on maybe twice ever . And getting peed on as a parent is inevitable anyway . This product is just not worth it .
 This is a very cute and fun item , but not functional at all . This could be a good silly shower gift , but the reality is that it does n't work . It 's impossible to hold the peepee teepee in place while changing the baby . Once baby squirms the teepee falls right off . Takes more energy to try to keep the teepee in place , than to just quickly change the baby .
 I had such high hopes for this product , after realizing my son turned into a little fountain at every diaper change . Each individual tee-pee is quite small , and I find it hard to hold it over the right spot while doing the actual wiping and diaper changing at the same time . It just does n't stay in place when you have a squirming baby . I find folding up a paper towel and putting it over him is just as effective and easier to handle .
 We tried to use these a few times , but now they just sit in a drawer . They 're too small and do n't stay on when the baby moves and kicks during a change . We have a dedicated diaper-duty washcloth for the purpose now . Cute idea but just not functional .
 These are indeed a very cute idea , but they do n't really work . Ideal if your baby sits perfectly still at a diaper change , but my baby never did ! -LRB- In fact , I do n't know of any who do . -RRB- I spent more time trying to keep this thing in place , and then the minute it slipped off , he peed anyway . It 's all part of the joy of having a baby boy ! Better just to work quickly , and you 'll get quicker with practice .
 I got these as a gift . They are cute and funny , but useless . They do n't stay on while you wipe your baby . Also , if it does stay on , the pee just leaks on to baby 's sides . So , we just place a washcloth over him and it absorbs the pee much better :-RRB- .
 These are absolutely adorable , but they do n't stay in place between baby 's wiggling legs . I use a washcloth or drape a cloth diaper over baby 's legs - works much better and absorbs much more pee pee than the tee pee !
 We bought these thinking that we 'd use them instead of the many washcloths that we were using as covers during diaper changes . They are tiny - they do n't stay on and are expensive for what you get . We are back to using washcloths .
 These are of no use . My baby is not the kind who would stay still during diaper changes . It falls off and doesnt stay there . Not worth buying at all . I was too hopeful with this item , but had to return it the other day !
 Visually this is a cute mobile , but the music play time is so short that it was n't functional at all for our baby . Also , one of the bugs frequently gets caught on the pole , bringing the whole mobile to a stop .
 Really cool mobile , and the baby loves it . But the running time is so short , I end up standing beside the crib to rewind in 15 times . Disappointing .
 I ordered two packages and was so disappointed in the quality of these washcloths , especially considering the amount of money I spent . First off the seams on half of the washcloths were not sewn together correctly . They were just folded over and sewn , so that one edge of the washcloth is n't straight at all . -LRB- The other half of the washcloths were sewn together just fine . -RRB- Plus , the first time I washed them -LRB- normal cycle with other towels -RRB- , one of the washcloth 's seams completely tore off.I would have given it one star , but to be honest ... they are very soft and thick and I really like them - except for the fact that the seams are all messed up .
 Just thought I 'd let people know that this is one long stream of plastic tubing . You need a pair of scissors to cut your bag and you need to tie a knot at the bottom . So this is n't the convenient diaper bag you want when you have a messy diaper in front of you and need to dispose of yucky stuff quickly .
 I purchased this product because my toddler hates when I rub sunscreen on his face . I thought this would be like a diaper wipe where the product applies easily . This is basically a cloth dipped in thick and creamy sunscreen , it takes the same efford and mess as applying it with your hands . The only difference is that this is a lot more expensive -LRB- 6 applications for $ 10 , while a whole bottle of sunscreen cost about $ 5 -RRB- . On top of it , my son got a really bad reaction from the product , it is definetely not made for babies ' and toddlers ' skin .
 I ordered this stroller because the price was right and it looks pretty durable . Assembly was simple . It is very difficult to steer , the wheels are plastic and the front two have no swivel option . I took it for a test drive around the block and it was horrible to maneuver going up and down hills . Seems to work okay on the flat areas . I received it yesterday and have decided to sell it already !
 Do n't buy this Stroller moms.This was my 4th stroller for my daugher due to frequent trip in flight and this is worst out of all ! 1 . Nobody talked about the `` No turning Front wheel '' and it makes impossilbe to drive this thing around .2 . It is just too big and it will not fit your regular trunk so unless you have minivan , this will not be option .3 . too , too , heavy it is no easy close and open!There are good things , like ride and roll very smooth on straight as long as you do n't have to turn so much and it is good price for the stroller .
 The fabric and stitching around the mirror is fine . Well constructed . It 's the mirror itself that is the problem . It 's a plastic faux-mirror material that does n't reflect in a linear fashion the way a glass mirror does . Akin to a fun house mirror - not quite as bad , but enough to warp your face and surroundings , give you a head ache and make you feel a bit nuts while looking at it.I would never let a child -LRB- baby -RRB- of mine look at him or herself in this mirror . It may induce autism or some other psychological disorder . Crazy baby syndrome . I feel it 's important for a baby to see an unwarped reflection at this stage of development.There are other plastic mirrors on the market that reflect much better than this one .
 I hate this nursing pillow . When I put my baby on my lap , on the pillow , the pillow wanted to slip forward constantly . The baby kept falling between me and the pillow . I am a small person and it does n't stay in place . I would have liked the Boppy pillow better , since it goes around your belly . I wish I had n't gotten this pillow and ca n't return it as I got it before the baby came . Now I have to donate it , hope the next person finds it useful . Waste of money .
 This pillow is way too soft ! My baby sinks into it and it provides no support . At first I thought maybe my daughter was too little , she was about 7 pounds when I first used the pillow . Now she is over 13 pounds and still sinks into it . It was a complete waste of money . Do n't waste yours !
 I thought it was going to be a great help but the thing slips away from your body and it does n't work , at least not the way my baby nurses . Not all babies are comfortable laying perfectly perpendicular to your body , it 's hard to get &#34; tummy to tummy &#34; that way . The sides should be longer so that it actually wraps around the waist . Maybe using a non-slip cover would be better but still ...
 The baby kept falling between me and the pillow . It does not match with my body , I am thin person and I really ca n't use it in any way . Money throwed away .
 I got this because I felt like the boppy pillow was way too expensive . This pillow really ca n't be considered a nursing pillow , especially for moms nursing right after having the baby . The arms are so short that it does n't go past your post-pregnancy belly , and does n't give you any support for your arms at all . I found that it would slide off of my lap and was just a waste of time . It ended up as just a place for the cats to sleep . Also just an awful horrible idea to not have removable covers , but the one redeeming quality is that you could shove it in the washing machine and it would come out undamaged
 Does n't fit quite right -LRB- we have the same stroller the advertisement uses -RRB- . Very flimsy , and does not stand up to any sort of wind -LRB- even the slightest breeze -RRB- . Very disappointed !
 Ordered the BROWN , NAVY arrived ... returned it ! If it was the right color might have kept it . Also wished the color options were more available in lighter colors like pink or khaki .
 I purchased this for my Phil & Ted 's sport stroller and it 's really just a bulky fanny pack not so much a drink holder . You can not tighten this without it getting tucked under the top shade which makes it very hard to get anything out of the cup holder . If you ` hang ' it from the handlebar then it 'll sway alot which is really annoying . This is NOT designed for hot drinks or cups of any kind , this is strictly a water or soda bottle holder . -LRB- bottles with caps -RRB- I guess if you were to use it as a fanny pack then it would be worth the thirty bucks but I 'm not at all impressed by this . I 'm also a little horrified that such a trendy company would make a bag that doubles as a fanny pack . What 's going on with that ?!?
 I thought this would be a funky accessory to have - practical and versatile . No.The pockets are pointless - I 've tried to walk with the sport stroller with water in the ` handbag ' attached to the handlebar and it kept falling out , so both the water and bag ended up in the basket under the stroller . It was complete waste of 30 dollars - should have tried the BOB version - it could n't be any worse !!
 I do not like this product at all . It 's not very safe and the tray is a real inconvenience . My 2 month old son fell out of it when I was about to fasten the tray in . I was lucky he was not hurt because I was there to catch him . I do not recommend this product .
 Problem is with its motor . No matter on what speed i select out of 5 options ... it swings/cradle at the same fast speed . Speed control is not working . . it work as only on/off switch.Because of its FAST speed , my baby afraid to use the swing . Its completely useless for me ... as it does n't have noticeable speed differences.Don ' t go for it ...
 This is my third child , and third swing . I have had a traditional swing , another cradle - n - swing , and this one . My favorite was the fisher price cradle - n - swing , but it was an older model ocean wonders that I do n't think they sell any more . It was slightly different from their current ocean wonders model .1 . -RRB- The Papasan cradle swing that we have swings WAY too fast . As my baby has grown her weight has slowed it down a bit , but even at 16 lbs , it still swings too fast .2 . -RRB- Additionally the motor makes a clunk , clunk with every time it reaches the height of its swing -LRB- when it changes direction -RRB- .3 . -RRB- The automatic timer for the lights and butterflies turning goes off too fast .4 . -RRB- The toy tray is difficult to remove and put on , but it has to be removed to put her in the swing . -LRB- I 've pinched my fingers several times removing it . -RRB- 5 . -RRB- The seat does not incline enough for an older baby to be happy playing in it . She is 4 months old now and wants to sit up , and the seat is too reclined for her in its upright position .6 . -RRB- The headrest pillow should be removable , not just adjustable . In any position , it has always seems to just push her head unnaturally forward , so I ended up just cutting it off .7 . -RRB- Yes , it has several songs , but it always starts on the same songs , so she hears the first few songs a LOT more than she hears the last few.It is not a horrible swing , it 's just that there are a LOT of swings out there in this price range . I am sure that you could find one that does not have some many annoying features . The worst of the flaws is that it swings way too fast , especially when she was first born -LRB- and she was almost 9 pounds -RRB- !
 It seems like this is a great product but a few things are driving us crazy -LRB- which is not what we need right now -RRB- . The swing stops swinging after you turn on the little mobile . Something about the extra power or gearing needed to turn the mobile and get the swing going seems to fail . We often here our baby girl start crying to look over and see the swing stopped swinging -LRB- although you can hear the motor still running -RRB- . The light also goes out after a certain period of time . There must be a good reason behind this but we find it to be impractical , I wish there was an option to turn the timer off . The build quality seems good but a swing that will not swing well ... does n't get my best score . I have contacted the company and await reply .
 This thing is a hazard waiting to happen . It should have a 5 point harness , especially for the sitting up position . My baby is only 15 pounds -LRB- 5 months -RRB- and managed to hang over the side in the reclined position . It also should have come with an electric plug . It eats through batteries like crazy and it 's so big you are n't going to be moving it from room to room often . If you use the mobile or the music on it the swing will slow down and almost completely stop . The cover can be taken off to wash , but it is a pain to do so .
 We just ` down graded ' I guess you could say . As we have been using a Fisher Price Cradle swing ` natures touch ' . Which was much more expensive then the fisher price magical mobile swing . Our 16lb 3 month old wears out the batteries in the natures touch within a week of using . The fisher price magical mobile swings much better . Our baby actually swings on the number 1 setting in the magical mobile swing . Unlike the natures touch cradle swing , we had to turn up to 4 and 5 to keep him going . I would reccomend you do not spend twice as much on the ` new and improved ' version of swings . The side to side swinging action on the cradle swing is nifty , but not enjoyed anymore by the baby then the normal back and forth motion . The open top of the magical mobile swing is so so so much better then the natures touch . With the natures touch we had to get baby out sideways or forward . Which would almost always wake him up . With the open top on the magical mobile we can pick him up un-disturbed and put him in the crib . He actually enjoys just sitting in it when its not swinging ! He would get bored and upset quickly with the natures touch swing when he was sitting in it . The magical mobile swing supports him better , and is easier for him to sit up in . The natures touch was sorta of a joke , it did have a ` sitting up ' position , but was not supportive enough . I hope my review helps ! I wish we would of just gotten the regular old style swing like the magical mobile in the first place ! * -LRB- I 'm finding myself replacing the new fan-dangaled baby gear with the tried and true baby gear like i used with my first son -RRB- ... I guess if I was a new mom and did n't know any better then I might of liked the cradle swing ...
 Broke after 2 months ! Does not work at all . No movement sound nothing . It was hardly moved in the 2 months . The sounds like the music and nature sounds are really electronic . Not soothing at all . The blue birds on the mobile get stuck all the time -LRB- before it broke completely -RRB- and would click and wake the baby . Thanks Fisher Price !
 That is all I could say . Our first baby is on the way in a few days . We received this swing and I assembled it right away with lots of excitement . The swing looked really nice and we loved its look and the materials . When I put the batteries in it and turned it on , it started making a horrible noise . What a disappointment ! I am sure that not only such a thing would not help the baby sleep but it would actually disturb him more!We went to Babies R US today to see if the one that we received was defective . Unfortunately , the store 's environment is always noisy and you do n't notice the motor 's loud noise but when you bring it home , it is so disturbing . This time I listened to the same model and some other products carefully . I noticed that almost all of the motor-enabled swings were making a horrible noise . Of course a Graco model had relatively less noise but it was still very high.Now I wonder how people could give 4 and 5 stars to this product . Are they deaf ? Are they 100 percent noise resistant ? Is it that they do n't care about their baby at all ? or this is another case of review-manipulation in online shopping web sites buy some hired marketing people ! Whatever it is , I am not going to pay even 5 dollars for this type of nerve wracking swing for my dear baby .
 I thought I 'd like this swing after seeing all the rave reviews ... but . My swing makes a very loud clicking noise everytime the ligts and mobile are on . My son likes it , but I hate the noises it makes . Also , my two year old sat in it once and now it squeaks . I know he is above the weight limit , but I buy fisher price because its normally durable . I was sadly disappointed in this item and would not recommend it to anyone . I am trying to figure out how to return mine . Save your money . DO NOT BUY THIS SWING !! I found out there have been fires ... YES FIRES started from this swing . Nevermind the loud annoying clicking , but fires ? The swing dosent work . bottom line .
 For the 6 mos . that I was able to use the swing , it was great ! I loved the various speeds , sounds , etc. , what a life saver!Unfortunately , after using it for only 6 mos. , it will no longer work!THE OTHER UNFORTUNATE THING IS THAT AMAZON , WHO I PURCHASED IT FROM , WILL NOT DO A THING ABOUT IT !!!!!!! I WOULD THINK TWICE ABOUT PURCHASING THIS ITEM THROUGH AMAZON .
 I purchased the Starlight swing for my infant son . In the picture the item looks blue . I just opened the swing and it is actually purple . It should specify somewhere that this item is purple .
 considering that baby spends 10 minutes a day in this thing , it is cheaper to find a baby sitter ... 10 minutes a day makes it 12 hours of babysitting for the price of this cradle
 Well , I am so glad that the thousands of your reviewers got the little swing , like it or not , they got it !!! I , however , ordered this product on 10/31/08 ; verified `` Thanks for your order '' email that day . Received another verified `` Your gift has left the arena '' email , dated 11/08 . Arrived @ granddaughter 's home late November and was surprised to find that she did not get delivery of the swing . To no avail , my attempts to find out where the swing is through Amazon.comllc and Fed Ex , which I paid $ 18.00 for delivery , met with some very and ongoing stress , as the # given to me for the order could not be accepted via their customer service site . ANDS I never received a tracking number , so Fed Ex was useless via their automated service . So , tomorrow I attend my only granddaughter 's baby shower without a gift for my first Great Grandson . AND I have Amazon.com to thank for this !!!
 IN EUROPE NO ONE IS PUTTING THEIR BABIES FACING UP . BABIES SHOULD BE ON THEIR STOMACH MOST OF THE TIME IN ORDER TO MAKE BRAIN CONNECTIONS . BESIDES BABIES SHOULD BE ABLE TO GO TO THEIR TOYS . THIS MOTION THING BELIEVE IT OR NOT FRUSTATE BABIES AND MAKE THEM BELIEVE THAT TOYS ARE COMING TO THEM . BABIES NEED TO MOVE . NOT THE TOY .
 After one wash -LRB- done according to the care instructions -RRB- the top of the cushion was completely pilled up and the underside batting had holes . We plan to contact Fisher Price regarding the issue .
 When i first got it and set it up , I wasnt sure if the product was working properly . My daugther was only 2 weeks old , when I first put her on this . I was surprised that the cradle hardly shook . It kept making a rattling noise , it would stop and then shake a little and then stop ... When i took the baby out , the cradle would swing vigorously , inspite of setting in speed 1 . Then yesterday , the mobile began to make a rattling noise . I think mine came with a faulty motor . I am going to return this item .
 I was really excited to see all the great reviews on this swing - and honestly , it is a great swing . My daughter loves being in it . When she was about 4 weeks old , we bought this swing and it was a lifesaver . Unfortunately , this swing only goes one speed , even though it says it goes 6 . I called customer service and they told me the turnaround for a new swing would be 6-8 weeks because they had none in stock . That is really frustrating , I must say . So I opted to let it go and just deal with it . I wish I had n't - now the option to turn on the starry sky along with the moving mobile works sporadically . I had read previous reviews about the motor smoking so I 'm wondering if this is the start to a faulty swing ... : -LRB- I would 've given this a 5 star rating if they could 've replaced the swing within 2 weeks at the most - but 2 MONTHS ... just not acceptable .
 This is a great looking swing and I wish I had a better review . It has great features - if they worked ! The lights and music stopped working immediately and then the swing stopped swinging . It shows a bunch of speeds but there is really only one and I had to turn it all the way to the top speed to get it to move even a little bit . Then that just stops working after awhile , too . Fisher-Price replaced the motor once and it still did the same thing . Definitely NOT worth the money ...
 I heard really good things about this swing and was excited to find out that the starlight model can be run with batteries or be plugged into an outlet . But there are just too many negatives :1 . The seat has a strange angle that was never comfortable for our little one2 . The speed control on the swing started malfunctioning after about a month and it started to speed up uncontrollably3 . It stopped working after just 3 months4 . It was pretty loud . We compared it to the floor models in the store but the noise seems to be `` normal '' for this model and not some sort of defect.Wouldn ' t recommend it .
 We loved this swing and so did our little one . The problem was that it barely swings now , even in the highest setting . This is swing # 2 for us . The motor went out in the first swing and now even though out baby only weighs 11 pounds this swing barely moves . Great product for about 3 weeks - frustrated now .
 Bought this product twice and had to return twice . Motor only works at one speed and slows down when mobile and light are on . Do n't know the problem but I would be careful with these fisher price swings . It seems there is an issue with a lot of them .
 I set up the swing , turned it on , and then came the loud motor . I cant believe fisher-price makes somehitng this noisy . Too loud for new born and to be honest , me .
 I compared this swing to the fisher price snugabunny swing and I prefer the snugabunny . This papasan cradle swing is slightly smaller and the motor must be weaker because it barely swings my 11 lb baby at all . Both swings have about the same amount of motor noise , it does n't bother the baby and when I 'm watching tv I do n't notice the noise . I definitely appreciate that both swings come with an ac adapter , much cheaper than replacing batteries .
 We purchased this swing since it got such wonderful reviews from so many people . It is an adorable swing with everything a child could wish for . Except mine . He hated being in it . He is six weeks old and loves his bouncer but could not stand being in this swing for more than a couple minutes at a time . The motor is a little loud and he would startle when it was started up . Honestly , I 'm not quite sure why he did n't like it , except to say that it does provide a lot of stimulation , so be careful if your child is easily overwhelmed . This review is n't here to bash the swing , just to say that some kids like it very simple and do n't require all the gadgets and gizmos . He loves his plain old bouncer . We subsequently purchased a FP open top take-along swing which we 've had better success .
 I bought this swing after the one I had saved from my 41/2 yr old the FP ocean aquarium broke the music started going really slow . I recd this and on the fastest speed was really slow , I called FP they sent me a new motor still goes super slow so it must just be the way it is . My daughter will not sit in without crying and she will only sleep in it if she is alseep before I put her in it.I love the fact that it can plug in and that the music does not shut off and its realy pretty but I am not happy with it and I now dont know what to do . I still have the ocean swing and they are now set up side by side in my living room . I keep hoping she will adjust to the slower speed but its been 3 weeks and its not happening!So if you dont mind a slow swing this is the one for you !!
 -- have had this swing for 6 months -- i am a bit disappointed in the swing , but its also been a good swing in some aspects . After only 2 months in use , there are little ` picks ' fuzzies all over the fabric and they are very rough and scratchy so I have to continually remove them . the tray is WORHTLESS ! I can not even hardly get it on or off , the snap is ridiculous so we do n't even use the tray at all . I wish it had more songs , it seems they are mainly outdoor sounds . the pillow does NOT come off and it propped my babys head at an odd angle , chin to chest , so i try and move the pillow and i usually have the pillow rested ON her head since it isnt removable -LRB- she didnt notice , was resting on TOP of her head lol -RRB- . this swing is pricey and have somme bad design . i am about to purchase another swing , that sits baby more upright and acually has a tray we can use from cosco or something around $ 50 bucks that to me , is more worth our money NOW , since she is 6 months old and ready to not lay almost flat all the tim like she does in this swing . but i got THIS swing because it plugs in to the wall which is GREAT
 We bought this swing for our child and she loves to sleep in it . However , the swing is highly dysfunctional and we have had to take it back TWICE . I will not get the same swing again .
 What a disappointment ! 1 . The swing is unstable , it moves from all his joints . My baby is about 10 lbs . The swing 's feet are lifting from the ground when it 's on -LRB- on the lowest speed -RRB- . The design is poorly thought
 I loved this product with the pictures online and the concept for my new little boy on the way looking up at the stars , rocking , etc. . . But then I acutally saw the swing the checks on the canopy are purple - NOT BLUE !! They make the pink one -LRB- obviously girl ! -RRB- and then I figured that the blue one would be boy - but purple !! -LRB- not so much boy !! -RRB- The other option is to go with another swing that is pretty neutral such as the nature one , but why ca n't they make one for a BOY !!
 So we bought the Fisher price Tree party swing and did not have it not even four months and my daughter gets upset and tells me the motor went out . She was careful after reading the reviews to not use the lights and music on the swing as to make it last longer . I called Fisher Price and they want me to send the whole swing back so they can replace the motor ... when I ask them if they were paying the shipping on this ... they informed me no it would be at our expense . I than ask if I could just send the motor back they once again informed me no . My grandbaby loves her swing just to sit in but I finally told my daughter just get rid of it ... I went to WalMart and bought her one that works ... I miss the old days of the hand crank ones so much for this all pretty stuff cause we are paying more for junk ... One mad Grandma.Fisher-Price Tree Party Cradle 'n Swing
 I love that swing can move to swing back and forth or side to side . Having the option of using either the wall outlet or batteries were great . We bought this for our daughter in 2011 and she used it for a few months . We put it away and just took it out for our 2nd child . We plugged it in and it worked for a week or so . Then it stopped . After some research , I found out this is a common problem with the swing . The motor and power plug needs to be replaced . Seems to happen after taking it out of storage , but not necessarily . Batteries worked , but I am constantly changing the batteries .
 For the price of this cradle/swing , I 'd hoped for a lot more quality and reliability than I got . First , the stand seemed a little wobbly -- you really need to make sure that the feet are as wide as possible when setting it up as they do n't lock into an optimal position . Even worse , however , is that after less than two days of use , the lights , sound , and mobile stopped working . Calls to `` customer service '' were a complete waste of time and I ended up returning the item . While the netting and other features appeared attractive and desirable , I 'd have to recommend purchasing a less expensive Papasan cradle/swing .
 This swing almost killed our daughter ! At first we loved this swing for our newborn daughter , until at about age 4 months , she grabbed the netting and started sucking on it . The netting tore in to large pieces in her mouth . She had no teeth at this point . I heard her making choking noises and was horrified to find her mouth full of the fabric . She had swallowed some of it , and other peices were caught in her throat . She used to nap in the swing . If I had n't been right there , she absolutely could have choked to death . Although we notified Fisher Price , and the CPSC , we never heard any follow up . We sent the netting to Fisher Price for them to analyze , but they never gave us any comment or explanation . The swing is lovely , but please remove the netting ! It is an absolute death hazard !
 My baby loves , loves , loves this swing . We love it because it swings two ways . If he gets fussy swinging one way , we turn him around and swing him the other way.Now , the reason for the two stars
 I want to start this by saying that swings are not something that you can buy before you know what your baby will actually like ... but what I do know is that this swing was entirely too slow for our son and he could only be in the swing for about 5 minutes before he started crying . We purchased it based upon all of the good reviews but ended up purchasing the Fisher Price Snuggabunny swing today which goes way faster and our son is content and sleeping in it as I type this . Again , it 's hard to purchase a swing that is appropriate for your newborn without knowing what he/she will like , but if you get the Starlight Papasan then you are definitely limiting yourself to basically one speed with is just SLOW . Hope this helps anyone who is trying to buy a swing !
 After debating between this swing and the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Swing , I decided to purchase the Papasan Cradle Swing based on the large numbers of positive reviews on this site.The seat is extremely cosy and comfortable and overall I think this is a good product , but it was just not for my baby . Our son has been sleeping in the Ocean Wonders bouncey chair since we brought him home , which holds him up in a more upright position . He hated the deep , nestled position that the Papasan swing makes you sit in . If your baby is also used to sitting in an upright position , he may not like this swing.A couple other notes : - The mobile is poorly designed . Your baby can really only see the bottom of the rotating animals for the most part.-The 2008 model of this swing is suppose to have an AC adaptor which was another reason I wanted to buy this swing . The model I received from Amazon was an older model and did n't have this feature.-The music/sound shuts off automatically so you have to keep getting up and turning the music back on.I am going to try my luck with the Ocean Wonders swing which holds your baby in a more upright position .
 Very cute and love the light show option . Returned this item almost immediately however due to the excessively loud clicking and motor sounds when swing is operating . I could n't sleep through that and would n't expect my child to . It even drowned out the music !
 I 've used this swing with 2 of my 4 children . I started using it in January of 2010 . The first motor went out 2 months later in March . The customer service was fantastic . I got an english speaking person that did n't argue with me and had a new motor out to me in less than a week . It worked fine for the next few months and then we packed it away b/c our son did n't need it anymore . I unpacked it for our newest baby in September . I 've been using it for 21/2 months now , and the motor went out AGAIN . I call fisher price again and they explain that while my swing is out of warranty by just a couple weeks , they will go ahead and extend it and send me the third motor this swing has had for free . Hopefully this motor will get us through until our daughter is done with the swing . So the product is inferior , but the customer service has been really , really good . The very first swing I ever had was the cheapest and the only one I did n't have problems with . It was a graco . Get one of those .
 The product only has one speed . Fisher price sent us a second motor but we still have the same problem . The swing is cute but it goes to slow to soothe the baby . It barely moves at all : -LRB-
 We bought the Starlight Papasan Cradle Swing after the motor in our Nature 's Touch Papasan Swing stopped working . We loved out Nature 's Touch , so I did n't even look at the reviews for this one . I was so disappointed after putting it together . When it is on it 's highest setting , it only swings as fast as the slowest setting on our Nature 's Touch , which is not enough to keep our 3 month old happy or asleep!I called the company and they said that there must be a problem with the motor , so they sent out a new motor housing -LRB- for free -RRB- which I got within 2 weeks . It swings the same amount , so barring a really strange coincidence -LRB- two duds with the same problem -RRB- it 's just the way it is.I 'm going to try to sell this one and get a new motor housing for our nature 's touch , which will be $ 35 .
 The swing is fabulous WHEN it functions properly . Fortunately , the swing mechanism has not given out on us ... but the mobile does n't turn anymore , just makes a VERY large clicking noise when turned on -LRB- like the belt to turn it is broken or something -RRB- . Since the light is connected to the mobile , we ca n't use the light function -LRB- which is so sad bc when it worked the first few days , it was such an awesome feature to the swing -RRB- . So ... essentially what we have now is a swing with a net around it . Maybe its Fisher Price ... bc our previous Ocean Wonders swing -LRB- full-size -RRB- died completely -LRB- would n't turn on at all -RRB- . We also owned the travel-size Ocean Wonders swing and took it everywhere with us . However , after a few months we found out it did n't `` travel '' so well -LRB- the liquid in the swing arms started to leak out !! -RRB- . Anyway , I contacted the company about the problem with the Starlight Papasan Swing . They told me I had to send back the entire seat and netting to get a replacement even though it was n't my fault and was still within the warranty period . I realize it is the company 's way of savings itself from people who think they can fraud them ... but not only to I have to hassle with shipping -LRB- find a box bc I threw the original away -RRB- , but we will be w/o the swing for who knows how long . Oh ... and did I mention that I am responsible for paying to send the swing back ????? It sucks this swing does n't work properly ... I would n't be going through so much trouble if the thing did n't work on electricity as well as batteries . I think it is the only side to side swing on the market that plugs in ... and that is HUGE for me bc batteries are so expensive -LRB- especially at the rate these swings eat them -RRB- and batteries litter up our landfills with toxins.Fisher-Price Papasan Cradle Swing - Starlight
 I requested this item on my baby registry . It is beautiful and is very easy to assemble . The main problem I have is the speed , which is almost as important as the construction of the swing . There seems to be no middle groud between not moving and light speed . The instructions actual say that if you have a ligher childer , which I did , that you should put a towel behind the swing to create some drag and slow it down . I did try beacuse I wanted to make sure I exhausted all methods of using the swing . The tray does not come off easliy and my daughterr never enjoyed this lovely swing .
 I had this product for less than an hour when the music started skipping and the swing was making a grinding/clicking sound . Whilst on the phone with customer service the swing started billowing white smoke . Had to drop the phone , unplug everything and get a fire extinguisher just in case ... Fisher-price put me through to another service rep and graciously offered me a replacement or a refund and a $ 25.00 coupon and told me that they have never heard of such a thing and would ` get to the bottom ' of this anomaly . LIES ! This apparently has been going on since at least 2005 . It 's just a matter of time before an infant is killed !
 I have had this swing a little less than 2 months . I bought it for my 5 month old because she would n't sit in a traditional swing and I thought this looked like a comfy place to nap . It was a lifesaver til a week ago and and the motor burned up . I called Fisher Price and the part is on backorder til mid - May . I guess I just got a lemon because everyone else 's seem to be fine . I am TRULY disappointed in Fisher Price . They usually exceed my expectaions . I paid $ 150 for this and it lasted til the water got hot and thats about it .
 I must admit , this is the third one of these swings that we have had . The first two did not function properly , they would not swing side to side . . but the third one was a charm ! My daughter loves this swing ! The seat is very soft and padded well . The headrest is a must ! At first she did not care about the light show at all , but now that she is three months she loves the light show and the butterflies , they make her smile ! The only reason I get ANY sleep at night is due to this swing . I just keep it on side to side with the lowest setting and she can sleep up to eight hours without making a sound . The music choices are nice , and the natures sounds are great ! I would recommend this swing to anyone !!! I would also recommend getting through -LRB- ... -RRB- because their price is the best , and they are really nice if you need to return a defected item . Hope this helps you decide !!!
 Do not buy this product !! It is overpriced , and it broke after 3 months ... only used it once or twice a week . . this basicaly broke after less than 20 times of usage
 My son did love this swing and I loved the fact that it plugged into the wall . And then the motor broke . I used it for six months . My son was n't ready to stop using it but I opted to use the crib full time at this point . I would have liked the opportunity to sell it , but who wants a broken swing ? All the other features work
 This swing was great for about three weeks . Then it started to stop running . The motor ran , but there was no movement . This happened once in a while , but the baby really loved it , so I dealt with that.And then the whole seat came off ; the screw holding the seat to the motor slipped through the assemply . They drilled too big , or it wore through . Either way , the bolt and nut were connected , and still dropped out onto the floor , and the baby in the swing fell with it.The ONLY reason I am giving this two stars is because of the fast response from Fisher Price in fixing the problem by refunding me . They are good with customer relations , unlike Evenflo . So , Thanks FP for fixing the problem . I just am sorry I had one to begin with .
 Bought this with great expectations after reading the other reviews . Problems were evident immediately , though .1 . The swing is MUCH too fast on the lowest setting . My 1 month old son starts to scream in terror after 5 minutes in the swing as it picks up momentum . By choosing a cheap driving mechanism , Fisher Price has no control over the actual speed of the swing . If they implemented a gear system , they could - but it would cut into their profit margin .2 . The motor is quite loud when starting up - pops and clicks . Once it reaches speed , it 's quiet - but the swing is too fast at that point to be comfortable .3 . The seat cushion is VERY thin and cheaply made . It has barely any cushioning material and can hardly be called ` papasan . ` All in all , very disappointed with this product . It could have been better and frankly terrifies my son .
 A friend gave me this swing , and it worked fine until today . The swing just stopped swinging . Everything else works fine , and I 've recharged the batteries completely , so I know it 's not that . The mobile still spins , and all the music still plays perfectly , it just does n't swing ... . I even opened it up to see if something was loose , but after doing some research online I 've noticed people are buying replacement parts for $ 53 , which is n't worth it for me to fix ... I 'm guessing this swing worked for about 6 months total , so if you 're planning on using it for multiple children , or buying used , do n't waste your time with this one !!
 We bought this swing per reviews and my son was born over 7 pounds and the swing was so fast I thought he was going to fly out . Plus trying to get a newborn in and out of this swing is a nightmare because it 's so low and the way it 's designed makes it very hard for someone tall to lift the baby out . Poor design . I think I should have bought a Graco like our first child .
 They do n't explicitly say this on the box , but I think it 's important everyone know that this product only works on batteries . Of course , I figured this out after I brought it home and assembled . My first thought was `` Why would any company , ever , make on of these without an AC adaptor ? Who wants to spend money on batteries over and over again ? `` I returned this product and bought a Graco that I `` m happy with .
 I bought this for my daughter and the firs thing that happened was the mobile started to make a horriable clicking noise that scared my daughter and then the swing stoped working and sometimes it didnt ever work at all ! Then when I tried to get a credit back for it Amazon was not corperative with me and they only gave me 50 % back . I would not recommend this product to anyone or this company to anyone !!!
 It is an adorable swing but that is the only good thing about it . My 11 week old CONSTANTLY slumps forward in it . CONSTANTLY . She has great head control , it 's just the design of the swing , I swear . When she falls asleep , she slumps forward . Sometimes it will just be her head that is slumped forward and sometimes she is folded in half at the waist . It totally defeats the purpose of why I bought a swing ! I ca n't leave her alone in it for more than 5 minutes because it freaks me out to find her slumped over in it . I ca n't go into the next room to get on my computer to do some much needed work or go into the kitchen to do dishes because I constantly have to go lift her head back up . She 's fine while she is awake , but every time she falls asleep , it 's the same thing . I ca n't relax while she is sleeping in it . She sleeps great in it except for me having to practically wake her up to move her into a better position . What a waste of money . My son did well in his swing and I could even trust it enough to catch a much needed nap while he slept in it . With this one , I ca n't even walk away for 5 minutes without that sense of urgency making my heart beat fast and feeling rushed to get back and check on her . I try to position her butt in it different ways to try and create a position that will make it hard for her to slump over , . but nope ! This is the swing that I have
 The product pictures look like this item is solid colors ... it 's not . The `` cream '' area is actually a puke-pale yellow star pattern and the `` purple '' area is actually a purple plaid pattern . IT 'S F-UGLY !!!!!!!!!!!!! AND the motor makes a horribly loud clicking noise . Even with the music volume turned all the way up , you still hear the horrible noises the motor makes .
 Do n't get me wrong ... I did n't buy a swing just so it would look nice in my living room . But , this swing is AWFUL to look at ! The fabrics do n't coordinate at all . Looks like there were several fabric scraps thrown together . Purple , light blue , creme , and orange floral . Ugh!The swing worked okay , but was very loud and made a clicking noise when it was on . I could n't stand the clicking or the appearance so I sent it back . I purchased the `` My Little Lamb '' swing -LRB- from the same series -RRB- and we 've been very happy with it . It 's quiet ... and cute !
 I bought the `` my little lamb '' cradle and swing for my now 3-month-old son when he was about 1 month old . I decided to pay a little than other swings cost because it looked so comfy and has great features like the mobile/mirror on the top , all the songs , different rocking speeds , and so on . It seemed like he could use it for several months , since it claims to be designed for newborns and older babies.At first , it was a complete lifesaver . My lo had n't been sleeping well during the day unless I was holding him , but in the swing he could get about an hour -LRB- sometimes more ! -RRB- nap in , leaving me free to catch up on work of various sorts . There was a manufacturing defect with one of the legs -LRB- the little knob to lock it in place is not properly aligned -RRB- , but that does n't affect the overall performance -LRB- or , in my judgment , safety -RRB- , so I did n't return it.However , now that my guy is a little older and heavier -LRB- about 14 lbs -RRB- , the swing is not all it was cracked up to be . The swing arm does n't generate enough power to really get him moving , and on a couple of occasions has ended up at a complete standstill , even with fresh batteries . Now , the little mobile at the top does n't work properly -- the motor grinds loud enough that it 's annoying to me , if not to him . Mind you , this is less than two months old.I am now looking for the receipt to take it back , since I paid a lot for a swing that does n't function even three months without defects . I would not buy this same swing again . It looks great , but does not have quality construction to match the pretty features .
 We borrowed our friend 's Fisher Price papasan swing -LRB- made in 2006 -RRB- for our first child and then bought the 2009 version for ourselves when our second came along . The 2009 version barely swings . You can hear the motor work for a moment and then nothing happens . What a disappointment . The 2006 version was totally different -- it worked like a charm at calming our colicky newborn . If you get a current version of the papasan swing , my advice is to buy it at a local store and make sure that the motor functions before throwing away the box . The key is that every single setting for the swing should work -- from slowest setting to fastest setting . You should not have to set it four steps up to make it work .
 Like all the other positive reviews this swing will entertain your baby as well as lull it to sleep.However I do n't know about you but I do n't like purchasing D Batteries every week . I have twins and two of these lil lamb swings . We go through batteries like you would n't believe . Why did n't they include the option of plugging in a wall charger or some kind of AC Adapter . I would have given 5 stars but since you ca n't plug this into a wall outlet I 'm only giving it two stars.Summary : Will put your kids to sleep , but it will also kill your wallet by making you buy batteries every other week .
 We received a used Fisher Price Aquarium Swing as a gift . Our baby liked it , but the music did n't work and the mobile would n't spin sometimes . Also , it was eating batteries and we saw that was going to get expensive ! So , after much research , we decided on the Starlight Papasan swing because it plugged in and had the neat little light show . I ordered this from another retailer -LRB- walmart.com -RRB- . I was so excited for it to arrive . My husband put it together and we placed our daughter in and turned it to high , just like we always do with our other swing . It BARELY moved and she 's only 10lbs . It 's about half the speed of our Aquarium swing . The swing did not have 6 speeds , it had one slow speed . My daughter cried in it -LRB- she likes to go fast , little speed demon -RRB- ! Thinking I had got a bad one , I returned it and ordered another just to go through the whole process again . I read reviews on here about the high speed being scary and maybe Fisher Price got a lot of complaints and they changed something . That is all I can figure.Also , here are some other negatives : * It 's pretty ugly . It 's not as neutral as it looks online and it 's purple . -LRB- Would have gladly overlooked this if it had worked -RRB- * I actually do n't like the attached pillow . No matter how I positioned my daughter it seemed to push her chin even more to her chest , which is scary because that can restrict little one 's airway!We 're really at a loss now as to which swing to purchase next . We wish that our Aquarium swing plugged in !
 Bought this swing because we had a much older version that was given to us , it ran on batteries and we did n't want to keep buying batteries that needed to be disposed of , so we got this as it had an AC adapter . Our 2 month old liked the old one well enough , and it looked to have a good overall rating here , so we got the updated version.Out of the box it took a little bit to assemble . I knew it had a bunch of foo-foo baby stuff with it
 We got this swing before baby was born because we were following the advice of the book Happiest Baby on the Block , which lists swinging as one of the `` Five S 's '' that help newborns sleep . -LRB- The others are swaddling , holding the baby on his or her side , shushing and sucking . -RRB- The book 's advice was generally good , and helped us get through the so-called fourth trimester . Swinging and rocking were especially helpful in getting our baby to sleep for the first few months , but this swing was just too slow and gentle to be an effective way to help our baby sleep . Our son NEVER fell asleep in the swing , and after the first few weeks , he did n't usually STAY asleep in the swing either . Friends of ours have an older -LRB- at least 5 years old -RRB- aquarium-themed model of this swing that moves much faster , and this was far more effective in soothing our baby to sleep and keeping him asleep . I wish we 'd shopped Craigslist , bought an older model , and saved ourselves a few bucks and much sleep in the process!Here are the basic pros and cons comparing this swing to older models of same : Pros , compared to older Fisher-Price cradle swings : - Adorable - the colors are cute and muted , not bright and garish as they were in most of the older models , so the swing wo n't look like an eyesore in your living room - Baby likes the light show . The star shapes projected onto the canopy were definitely interesting to our baby . - Can use AC power or batteries . Older models just used D batteries , which was n't as convenient for us.Cons , compared to older Fisher-Price cradle swings : - Swing is just not fast enough if your baby is at all fussy . I was so surprised when we put our baby , swaddled , in our friend 's older model of this swing for a few minutes and he just fell asleep . I wish our swing could have done this ! But because it was so slow , even at the fastest speed , we had to hold our baby and rock him to sleep in our arms every time he slept for the first few months , which was exhausting . While I like holding him and rocking him , I did n't want to have to do it every single time he slept for months ! The whole reason we bought a swing is to avoid this exact problem ! This is the most fundamental flaw of this product , in my opinion . If you have a very chill baby , who sleeps easily , perhaps you wo n't have the same problem . - There are two recline positions which hardly differ at all . The older swings had a greater range of angles at which you could position the seat , which makes the swing useful longer - once baby starts grasping at things , you can use the swing to sit him up for quiet time playing with toys he can manipulate with his hands . In the newer one , since baby is essentially lying flat in either position , this use is not possible . - The overhead toys are n't very interesting . Two of the three toys are very bland , low-contrast star shapes that were n't interesting to our baby . The little bear with the nightcap toy was the only one that caught his attentionOverall , if you 're getting this product to help baby sleep , look elsewhere - unless you have a baby who is very chill and falls asleep very easily , you 'll need a swing that moves faster than this one does . If you just want something that 'll look good , and you only plan to put baby in it for a few minutes at a time to enjoy the light show and music , then maybe you would like this product .
 We bought this swing for my now 8 week old . She loves it . Loves it . The motor just died - I reached out to Fisher Price and they are willing to sending us a new swing - in 6 weeks !!! 1 -RRB- A baby swing should last more than 8 weeks . 2 -RRB- What am I supposed to do for the next 6 weeks ? 3 -RRB- She probably wo n't even want it at that point ! Especially if she has been without it . When I looked this swing up on the Fisher Price site , I noticed there are A LOT of people with similar experiences . Buy something else . I wish I had -LRB- and I may still have to -RRB- .
 We purchased this swing in August 2011 -LRB- our third son was born July 2011 -RRB- . First off , it is adorable , love the lights , but the motor is incredibly loud ! The first week was fine with the swing , but then it started to slow . With our 9 pound , three week old son , this swing was not strong enough to rock him unless on full speed , and even then it was mild . About two months later , we would often have to give the swing ` pushes ' , or restart it , to make it swing again . Now , a few days ago -LRB- end of December -RRB- , the motor has completely died and it will not swing anymore . The lights and music still work and we have tried plugging it into different outlets , but no luck . I have noticed quite a few other reviews talking about faulty motors and calling Fisher-Price for replacements . I will give that a try and update about the response.Also , he does grab the netting and suck on it a lot , which makes it get caught in the mobile making an awful clicking noise . I 've seen a few other reviews talking about the netting and it falling apart creating choking hazards . . contemplating whether it is even worth it to have a replacement motor , or just scrap the swing along with all of its problems .
 it makes noise after very little use , cracking and does not swing very fast ... for the money it is a waste , I had the previous models and they were cheeper and better ...
 This swing was very nice to have for the first 3 months . It gently rocked our baby and the star lights provided a nice calm atmosphere . Once our daughter began to sit up , this became an instant DEATH TRAP . The problem is that it does not contain a shoulder harness . If your baby is able to sit up while being rocked , she can easily find herself hanging over the front of it while it continues to swing ! Luckily my wife and I kept a very close eye when using it and we were able to help her right away . If you are going to buy this , please use caution and make sure you check on your baby often .
 we bought this swing thinking that it would be a great for our daughter as a matter of fact it was great for about a week until my daughter weighed around 8 pounds and it was too much for the swing and it just Creeked and squeaked ! All I can say is very dissapointed in fisher price I guess they are just not as good as their name used to stand for
 Got this swing months before my son was born . Everything worked great at first and the lights were adorable . Has many options for swing speeds , options of having music off or music on with lights or not at all . The swing adjustment is great , my son preferred the side to side swinging . My son loved it and put him right to sleep in the side to side position My baby used it a total of 5 times , FIVE TIMES . And now the only thing that works is the swinging motion . The lights nor the music no the mobile will turn on ! I noticed the music and lights lagged to turn on , but it finally gave out . and it only took 5 times . I will be calling to see if its recalled or they have a replacement part they could send me . HUGELY disappointing !!
 I was very excited to use this swing after my baby was born , but unfortunatelly the happiness did not last long ... Before my baby became 1 month old , the swinging function stopped working . All other functions still work fine , except the most important . It was a shame , as my baby loved to stay on it . I bought this item several months before the baby was born , but still I contact Fisher Price both here in Scandinavia and in USA , not to get a new swing , not to get free repair , but to BUY a new motor , as I know there is a Fisher Price spare parts page on internet that has this motor available for sale . We would cover all the costs , including shipping , but nobobdy wanted to help us . Actually they did not even try . The office in USA send us to the offices in Scandinavia , but when we took contact with those , we simply received an e-mail that said
 I just bought a second of these for other daughter Having bought the first more than a year ago . On the first daughter 's advise my second daughter was told by her , `` This exact swing -LRB- Fisher-Price Starlight Papasan Cradle Swing - Cocoa/Pink -RRB- was a HAVE DO HAVE . '' Only gave 2 stars to the rating would list as something important under negatives for all the people who get this swing -LRB- really deserves 5 stars -RRB- . PLEASE NOTE
 The Papasan Starlight Cradle Swing has great songs & nature sounds , I love that it swings in two directions , that the 2nd seat position is comfy and almost lying flat -LRB- my 2-month-old baby only naps in her swing and I wanted something bed-like that was comfortable -RRB- , and I also like the light-show on the overhead mobile ; however , this swing was not FAST enough ... it barely moved my baby - even on the highest setting !!
 My two month old enjoys this swing and it usually puts him to sleep . I have to watch him very close though because if he leans forward his head comes out of the headrest and he ca n't get seated back . The first time I was scared to death to look up and find him folded over with his head halfway down the side of the swing . I have since tightened the safety harness -LRB- he was wearing it that time too -RRB- but he can still get knocked out of place . I know some parents let their babies sleep in the swing but I fear that is a putting a baby at risk for positional asphyxiation or falling out if someone is not watching very closely .
 I love , love , love this swing , as does my daughter , for the month that it works . First swing stopped swinging after 25 days , loud motor from the start . The second swing lasted 29 days , but had a very quiet motor until the last couple of days . We did use the swing more than average because my baby has such bad colic , but never expected it stop working after just a month . Amazon has been great with returning and getting us a new swing , but for the few days that we are without sure makes things difficult around here .
 I absolutely loved this swing , as did my baby , until it stopped working ! It was only about 5 months old when the motor stopped working . So disappointing !
 this swing was recommended to us by a few friends and a publication as a solution to infants that only fall asleep in arms . we were very excited to purchase this swing and put it together right away . everything was so cute , the little mobile , canopy and the music was soothing etc. however we were very disappointed to plug it in and find that the swing function in either direction was minimal . we used brand new batteries , tried just plugging it in , giving it a swing to get it going -LRB- as often is the case with swings -RRB- switched directions and nothing helped , with or without or 10lb baby this thing has no umph!we were very sad to pack it up . we 're still using a loaner old Graco battery model just during the day . it must be 2 + years old and has more vigor in its rocking motion than this one . dont add all the frills until you get the fundamentals down !!!
 I purchased this product for my grandson after reading the reviews posted . I thought for the monies and reviews it would be a very good deal . NOT !! I only have had the product for one month and the it is not working properly at all . The swing will not swing and the knob is broken . For what I paid for this product I expected it to last for more then one month .
 The swing is lovely - colors are great but it 's tight fitted - no space . My grandbaby was only 3 months and it was snug . The head support it sewed on therefore you ca n't remove it . The tray is a chore to take off and put on . The lightshow was great but the knobs and music worked at random . I returned it .
 One speed , not 6 . Ca n't hear music over noisy motor . Angle baby rests is poor . Would not recommend !!!!!
 We used this swing the first few months , but not that often and after a while while the motor became so loud that we just stopped using it all together . Very cute , but the motor is of poor quality for the price ... things would turn off on their own and have to be restarted - I would just go with another one .
 I opened the package and spent time putting it together . I am 37 weeks pregnant so it wasnt hard to put together at all . It is a very beautiful swing however , as soon as I plugged the swing in , nothing worked . I called and went through trouble shooting with the representative , and still nothing . I was then told to purchase 4 D batteries to see if its the motor or the plug in adapter . I refused to go purchase batteries for something that doesnt work when I plug it in so , what I did was I took the plug in adapter and used it to see if I can make something in the house that takes the same adapter work . It worked . . so that let me know it was the motor . I called Fisher-Price and they said the motor wasnt available until Saturday and I wouldbt be getting it for another 7 to 10 business days after it arrived . I just hope I dont have my baby until then and yeah they are replacing it but its a pain in the butt to have to wait longer for something that didnt work when I received it .
 I purchased 2 of these swings for my twins ! What a complete waste of money ! After 2 months , both the swings have completly stopped working ! Contacting customer service was a waste of time . I am now going to have to purchase 2 more swings and I can tell you that they will NOT be fisher-price !
 I loved this swing , I should have read the reviews before registering for it ! With in the first month of using it , the mobile did not work anymore . Fisher price expected me to take it apart and trouble shoot it ... When on earth did I have time for that . We started using the portable bouncer/swing . I pulled this swing out to use on my second child . After using it 3 or 4 times it decided not work at all . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY A BETTER SWING !
 1st one that came had a broken motor , it did n't work at all . Second one that came worked correctly for about a month . It now clicks loudly when the mobile spins , and the swing stops swinging at random every day . Do n't waste your money on this 130 $ piece of garbage .
 It worked ok for a couple of months but soon I started seeing some of the issues other reviewers saw - creaking and the loud clicks whenever the lights are activated . Guaranteed to wake a sleeping baby . Why FP has n't fixed this known issue is strange to say the least .
 I LOVED this swing and was so happy when I bought it , but after using it for one month , the motor died . I was very disappointed .
 I am not at all impressed with this swing . We previously had the fisher price ocean wonders swing and I loved it . Infact , we owned two of them and the only reason I did n't buy another one is because they are nearly twice the price we paid previously when our now four year old daughter was a baby . I figured that this cradle swing would be a good choice because of the reviews and the fact that it is the same maker but all of the speed settings are the same whether it is on one or the fastest setting and even the fastest is super slow . Also , the swing is loud . Our daughter loved the ocean wonders one and to get this one in comparrison is such a dissapointment . I rate it two stars because it does n't soothe her the way I thought it should because of the slow speed .
 This is a very cute swing with nice music , but even on the lowest speed , it is way too fast for a newborn baby . I end up pushing the swing with my hands so that it swings for a few minutes on its own inertia until I have to push it again . Maybe for older babies the first speed is ok , but not for my 3 week old . Also , they should really make an option to plug it in and perhaps making the colors of the mobile more vibrant .
 We used this swing for HOURS per day when my baby was a newborn . We used it until she outgrew it , and tried to get out , and then it was scary . The tray was n't very helpful at keeping her in , and in fact was difficult to put onto the swing itself . It was frustrating that you had to take the entire tray off to get the baby in or out , and I was always afraid that I would get my daughter 's leg stuck underneath the tray . When my daughter was about three months old , the tray fell off , because I had n't totally latched it -LRB- which happened a lot -RRB- because it did n't quite match up with the little plastic notches . She almost fell out by reaching for a butterfly , and that was the last time that I used the swing . I also owned the Fisher Price Rainforest swing , and that tray was always on there , you just swung it out of the way . I do not know why they did n't do that on this model . Both swings were able to be plugged in which I HIGHLY recommend . Regardless of rechargeables , it was sooo easy to just plug her in , and let her swing . She loved both the swings , but I absolutely HAD TO HAVE the pink one . The butterflies were so cute , and she loved looking at them . I just wish the tray had been better and then I would have felt more secure about using it for longer than I did . I paid a pretty penny for this pretty swing , and for the value I should have just stuck with the rainforest swing , which I had to sell so that I could get the pink one . The pink papasan was quite a bit more expensive than the rainforest , but this was my last child , and I wanted everything to be PINK ... I just wish they would have put the quality into the pink one , instead of just the sugar and spice !!!
 This is super cute , but it 's just not safe . Only put baby in it once.The Harness is only 3 point : The harness to hold the baby in is pretty much useless . We have a graco swing that has shulder straps that is much safer . The straps on this swing are only around the waist of the baby and allows for too much wiggle room.Too Loud : When the swing operates it is very noisy.Unstable : The design of the swing lets the seat hang suspended in mid-air . Other swings have two bars holding the swing seat up and it just seems safer . The seat on this swing wobbles back and forth and makes me too nervous to put baby in . Make sure you have the legs of the swing spread apart as far as they will go.SLOW , Does n't change speed : The speed is slow . I do n't really notice any change in the speed regardless of what level I put it on.VERY CUTE : I got this because it was so cute , but all in all I 'm not going to keep it beacause of the safety risks . I 'm just going to stick with the graco we already had . This swing is adorable and I love the canopy and mobile , baby loves it too and tries to reach for it and I 'm afraid she 's going to fall out because of not having shoulder straps . The projection is neat . But I ca n't use it because I just do n't think it 's safe .
 Just arrived on Dec 07th 2011 :1 . very noisy !!!! ... the motor is very noisy sound .2 . the music wont work if swing operated .3 . keep ` clicker ' soundDONT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 We purchased this swing a few days ago for our 6 week old son to use . When the swing arrived , the adapter was not working . We decided to go ahead and order a replacement adapter , and used batteries until the adapter arrived.We immediately noticed that the swing could not handle having the light , music , or mobile on at the same time as the swing . Even with everything else off , though , the swing could barely move if our child was sitting in it . He is only 9 pounds , so it 's not a weight issue . Since we had already ordered the adapter , we decided to wait and see if that solved the issues.Well , I received the adapter this morning and hooked it up , hoping that the swing would now work . I was disappointed . Even with a brand new adapter , the swing can hardly move if our son is in it . And by hardly move , I mean it might swing an inch or two each way ... if we 're lucky.If I could give this swing 0 stars , I would . It does not perform its function at all .
 I just received the product , but there is one detail to connect the charger to power the swing does not work , apparently is damaged = -LRB-
 Was disappointed in the swing performance . My daughter borrowed an older FP model that my grandson loves . The starlight model barely swings and inexplicably changs speeds . The timing on the lights does not work well either . I would return this if I had saved the box .
 My fist swing was Fisher Price `` My Little Lamb '' which was battery operated . After the motor died I got a replacement one from Fisher price . This lasted me through kid # 1 , kid # 2 got to use it a couple of months and then the replacement one on my first swing died too . As the first swing was well out of warranty at this point , and a swing is a must , I -LRB- shame on me !!!! -RRB- decided to punish myself with yet ANOTHER Fisher Price swing . The logic was simple ... this one plugs in removing the influx of power supplied to the swing unlike the battery operated one . Well 3mo later and this one has died too ! My baby is only 15lbs ... never again ... never again !
 Loved this swing , but ... . Mobile makes a awful clicking noise , and wakes the baby . Called fisher price and they could replace the swing , but it takes 4-6 weeks , no thank you . There has been many other people whose swings do this too , I would recomend not buying this model . Thank god amazon returned my item with no charge !!!
 I hate this product . I purchased this swing gleefully ! I was sold on all of the bells and whistles ! I rushed home and my BIL spent an hour putting it together . This toy totally struck out!Strike one
 FYI
 I loved this swing for about 5 minutes . For one , I liked that it plugged in . Also , it was very girlie . After having two boys , I was looking forward to the pink explosion in my house . :--RRB- Once I actually used it , though , my love quickly faded . It has six speeds ... That should say it has six speed SETTINGS . It actually only swings at one speed . It has 4 music settings ... The two `` songs '' are tinny and crackly at best . The twittering birds and storm sounds are okay - better than the music - but even they are n't very clear . The butterfly mobile only works half the time . Trying to use the mobile with the lights is also hit-or-miss . We 've used it for 6 weeks now and the motor is starting to make a clicking sound . My husband is an electronic technician and when he took it apart , he said it was very cheaply made - poor connections and wiring . He declared it a total loss . So , we spent almost two hundred dollars for 6 weeks of swinging action ... Updated at 4 months
 This review is for the Starlight Papasan Swing . We recieved this as a shower gift and I was very excited about it based on the reviews . We tried putting my daughter in it when she was a couple weeks old and she hated it . We tried again when she was 6 weeks old and at that point she would tolerated it for about 15 minutes . Soon , she started to like it and would stay in it long enough for me to get some stuff done around the house , up to an hour . But , she was never the kind of baby that would be lulled to sleep by the rocking.Now she is 5 months old and she is totally over it . She really likes to sit up these days and this swing only has two positions . The more upright position does not allow her to fully sit up . Also , she can now grab on to the mobile and when she does it makes the most horrible grinding noise . I have stopped using it and it is just taking up space in my kitchen until we figure out what to do with it.It seems like a lot of money for something that we were able to use for less than 5 months . If you are going to get a swing for your baby I would go with one that goes from reclining to allowing the baby to sit fully uprightMy last complaint is about the music . it is the same few songs playing over and over and over again . It gets so annoying . They make it sound like it has a lot of songs but it really does n't . It has a more upbeat version then a more lullaby version then a bunch of irritating `` nature '' sounds . .
 Swings too hard . I bought this when my baby was about 4 months old , and she is a big baby -LRB- has always been above 95th percentile in weight and height -RRB- . but this swing moves big range even at the lowest setting , which can be a safety concern . My baby hates it . She cries every time i put her in there . Also , the seat is too tiny , very small space . I was so glad that i was able to return it .
 My baby loves , loves , loves this swing . We love it because it swings two ways . If he gets fussy swinging one way , we turn him around and swing him the other way.Now , the reason for the two stars
 Pros : * cradle can swing both ways * Swing speed is nice and slow for newborns the reason I was replacing my graco swing was because when baby is very small the swing would swing sooo fast I was scared that baby would get sick . The graco swing was perfect for when my first daughter got bigger and slowed te seinf down.Cons : * Despite any pros this swing should not be purchased because it is not safe for baby . I came in to the room to check on my My 1month old who I had put in the swing , she was bent all the way forward with her torso hanging off the side of the swing folded in half with her head down by her feet . Very scary and very dangerous for baby 's breathing ! * there are no shoulder straps , like on the graco products , which add to this baby falling out issue * The head pillow , while looking comfortable , is at an awkward location that never seemed comfortable for my baby . I would have rather had the option to just remove it , but it was permanently attached . * the tray is detachable , which I did n't like . The graco tray lifts up on a hinge and then closes for easy install , so u use the tray every time . This adds extra security .
 Just bought and got the swing delivered yesterday . The motor is too noisy , clunk , click , clunk , click . I could n't stand it and I saw others said the motor is supposed to be quiet , I will return this one or exchange for another quiet one .
 When I ordered this product , I was hoping that my baby girl will enjoy it . I was so excited when my baby likes to spend time in it . This happiness only lasted two days before the mobile , lights , and music stopped working . I am a little bit concerned about the quality of this product . I have to return the swing and consider another type of swing for my baby .
 I returned this item twice . I never swang all the way to the other leg . Only had low speed . Does n't work like a natures touch swing I saw . Easy to return with amazon though .
 This swing looks great by its looks , but when you put it in to action , it does the opposite of what it is supposed to do ... `` Wake the baby '' . . The Swing is great for all its features , but the motor is very noisy . . I thought may be the piece I received is defective , but after reading many review figured that this noise comes standard with the swing ... I ended up repacking the swing the same day for a Return ... Not a good buy for such a high price ...
 I got this product and It is beautiful . Everyone in my friends and family liked it . I was proud on my selection . Though very proudly when I was demonstrating how good my swing works to my friends , it failed awkwardly . I tried to change port and do whatever possible - it did n't turn on.Then I used Battery -LRB- luckily I hade a dozen of required batteries I bough one year back for Pop-up -RRB- It worked - I really disappointed . It was weekend I did not get to talk consumer support . Next day I borrowed Power Adaptor from my friend -LRB- he has ocean aquarium -RRB- and it worked . For me damage was already done.I do n't Expect FP to use the parts which go off in just less than 2 Days.Would I have it purchased in Online - I would never would have thought twice in returning this.One good note on consumer support courtesy - Lady I talked , ordered Adaptor for me -LRB- which will take up to 14 days to reach me as she said . Better than having nothing -RRB- . But kind of product and complaint they have , they should have 24/7 support.Second 14 days are too much to get the fix done.Lesson I learned - I will never buy such big items -LRB- in size -RRB- online and will try to avoid Fisher Price Product .
 I bought this swing for my sister as a baby shower gift her baby was born November 6,2010 a couple days ago it quit swinging the music still plays and the stars light up so Iam guessing the motor went out on it .
 We tried this out at a friends place for my 3 month old son and he loved it . . we immediately bought it the same week . He continued to love it and spend the maximum time on it to my relief . But a month later , the lights , music and the mobile toys stopped functioning . So we called customer service who was very polite and immediately offered to send us a replacement motor . WE were happy at the good service . After the motor arrived -LRB- without instructions , as promised by the customer service rep -RRB- , everything else started working , but the cradle didnt rock ! Patiently I called them again and was promised another motor . When the motor arrived , it was pink in color , with pink butterfly mobile and lights . . the rep did not bother even asking us if we wanted pink or blue and sent a pink one ! so I had to call them yet another time and am waiting for the next one !!! Other than the fact that my son has not been able to enjoy this swing for about 2 months now and that he is soon going to outgrow it , we are tired of all the unpacking and fixing that we have had to do !! every week after work , we are trying to fix the Papasan !! What is the point of having a wonderful product and polite customer service if they have no idea what they are doing ?????
 We ordered this swing based on the many positive reviews which stated this swing is very quiet and much better than other competing brands.The swing arrived yesterday . Assembly was straight-forward and did n't take long at all . Then the problems began.The swing motor is pretty loud - loud clicking and whirring noises the entire time the unit is operating . We can hear the swing operating in the next room , over the sound of our living room tv . We have been drowning out the obnoxious motor noise with the built in songs and sound effects . So far we have found that the volume needs to be at least 3/4 to all the way turned up to get our one month old daughter to ignore the motor noise.Today , we set the swing to side-by-side motion and the motor started making a horrible clicking noise and would n't keep the swing swinging.So , basically we can only use the swing in front-to-back position with the songs and sound effects blaring . Fortunately for us , the swing is able to calm our daughter down despite the noisy motor . However , based on about 24 hours of owning this product i 'm not confident at all that this product will last as long as our daughter needs it to . If this motor does go out i will not be buying the same swing again .
 I bought the swing 6 days ago . Arrived 4 days ago and after only 4 days of use the swing is hardly swinging . The swing has about 6-7 settings for the speed and from day one they all acted exactly the same - SLOW and it got slower and slower over time . Last night I noticed it is so slow it is basically not swinging any more . Also the seat that holds the baby has become lopsided and my baby keeps sliding to one side of the cradle . Returning this ASAP and looking for another Swing .
 I tried this sling with my first , who hated it , and now with my second who is ambivalent . I , on the other hand , ca n't stand it . I read SO many reviews and this was apparently the best reviewed sling out there . Do n't believe it . Go try these on with a doll if you can before getting it.My daughter is 8lb . She does fall asleep as soon as I put her in the sling , but it is SO DIFFICULT to put her in/out . I feel like I 'm going to break a limb wrangling with this.Also , it falls off of my shoulder all the time - I have the `` correct '' size according to the site -LRB- honestly , baby would n't come near fitting if it was smaller -RRB- . This is completely against the point of a sling , to have it slip off my shoulder every couple minutes.Finally , I ca n't stop worrying that my baby 's chin is pressed against her chest . I 've tried so many readjustments and put a towel under her to lift her up , but it just does n't work . Same issue with my first . In addition , the fabric always covers her face no matter how I move it . This should not fold in half , it needs less fabric in the front or a cut-out where the face goes or something.I did like this sling for the hip carry until she gets too big , but it is just NOT worth the money . Please think long and hard before buying this .
 Very disappointed in this bag . Weird material . No zipper . No way to hang it on my stroller . Not enough pockets . I returned this item .
 The Boppy Prop Up Play Pad is a horrible investment . I have a 3 month old daughter & decided to invest in this toy to make tummy time more appealing to her . She does n't like to be on her stomach , but for developmental & health reasons , I know it 's important . So I shelled out the $ 24.99 plus tax and feel gypped . You would get the same benefits by putting the baby in the middle of a travel neck pillow on top of a quilted pillow sham and using some of the rattles & teethers most babies have too many of already.I even bought the blue instead of pink version so if I have another child & it 's a boy , I wo n't feel like I 'm turning my boy into a sissy . I 'm hoping I can return this darn thing .
 hi gentles ... when i saw the picture of this product on the web , i said '' Wow it ` s look so soft '' but when i got it ... i changed my mind by 180 dgrees ...
 These are nice sheets , but do not buy for Graco Travel Bassinet/Crib . Too small for mattress . The mattress does lay flat . It would be nice if the company would describe what cribs it fits in .
 I got it for $ 12 , it 's totally not worthy it . The picture is misleading . There 's only one strawberry pattern on the corner , not like the picture shows many . Also , when I unrolled this product , the cotton debris fall over on everywhere .
 It is generally hard to guage if a towel will be high quality and soft just from a description . This towel set is definitely not great . I bought it based on the original price which seemed high . It is also smaller than I 'd expected . I do n't recommend it .
 I have yet to find a table that this chair fits on . The clamps are only 2 '' wide , which means the only table it will fit on can not be more than 2 '' thick . Also , it wo n't fit on a table with trim underneath or a designed edge . We traveled with this chair and tried it on 6 different tables and it did n't fit on any of them . I 'm sure it would be a great chair once you find a table it will fit on .
 Watching the video on cpsc.gov , this can only be a 1 star item . To top it off , the company is Anti-American or at least Anti-American Parents.However we have recently received some reports , from the USA only , of users of older metoos either inadequately clamping metoos to tables , or attaching them to inappropriate tables , and sometimes both .
 I purchased two `` metoo '' chairs for my twin girls . Clearly neither Phil or Ted are engineers . THE CLAMPS SUCK !!!! Why would you not employ standard `` C Clamp '' technology on this chair the fixed flat portion of the bolt results in friction with bottom of your targeted surface which makes it virtually impossible to tighten well . Standard `` C '' clamps employ a floating heading that sets still while you tighten the clamp . The addition of the rubber sleeves is even more dangerous since it introduces a softer cushion that easily slips . The fact that the `` Lobster '' has been introduced shows this chair was not the `` ultimate '' product . Phil , Ted , you made a pretty lousy product ; what are you going to do about it ?!!!!!
 I do n't know how no one else has had this problem . We have it completely connected to our table , it does have a lip so about 1/4 of an inch gap is left between the bars running parallel to the table . Every time I stick a child in it , the screws loosen a little bit and it sags , so I always make sure to retighten the screws before I stick my baby in it again . The first time a child fell , it was my friend 's 18 month old who started bouncing up and down in it and it completely became loose and fell off with him falling straight back onto his head . I figured the boy was too heavy so just with my 17 pound baby I was careful with it . This morning I tightened the bolts and put him in it and a second later he was on the floor . The black pads on it had completely become unglued so the chair slipped right off the table . I 'm trying it without the black pads , but it still loosens every time ! I 'm so frustrated with this stupid thing ! If anyone know what I 'm doing wrong , please tell me !
 The Consumer Product Safety Commission issued an alert on 5/6/11 concerning some models of these chairs . You should visit their website and read the alert prior to purchasing them . `` CPSC is urging consumers to stop using some metoo clip-on chairs immediately . '' There are fall and amputation hazards .
 my baby is around the 25th percentile in size for a 6-month old , and the harness on this chair was ridiculously loose even when fully tightened around her . that is my primary reason for returning this . the secondary reason is because the design is very poor : - the seat cover is permanently fixed to the frame which makes it a challenge to clean - the seat has minimal padding and the back is low . the inglesina version is padded and the seat back is taller . - the parts of the frame that come into contact with the top and underside of a table seem poorly thought out compared to Inglesina 's version . the inglesina fast table chair has much larger grips that hold the chair to a table . it is overall heavier but i feel like it has a much more secure grip than the Metoo .
 This product is GREAT when it fits the table you want to use it on . However , the table has to pretty much have no lip , not be made of glass , and not be too thick . We purchased this as a traveling high chair for my daughter and unfortunately , I ca n't tell you the number of times that the seat has not fit on restaurant tables or tables at houses we 're visiting . It 's no use to buy such an expensive chair when we literally could not use it half the time . We 're looking into other options that have mechanisms that will give us more options in terms of the types of tables we can use it on .
 This product injured my toddler when it dumped him from our counter top . I think this product has been subject to a recall for precisely this reason .
 I received the wrong product but did not notice it until the day prior to the shower .
 The paper size is half the size of the regular ones . It 's good for on the go , but not good for daily use at home .
 These wipes are nice ... kids like them and they really get the job done . BUT , be careful that you child does not over use them . They have tons of alcohol in them , and little ones will get a rash if they use them too often -LRB- so will adults , unfortunately -RRB- Also , kids want to use them on their face and this can cause a rash as well , which is very painful and hard to get rid of . Personally , I stopped using them because there are more gentle wipes on the market that wo n't cause as much discomfort .
 These are wonderful to help in potty training and getting everything clean , but do NOT flush them as the packaging cleary states you can . 400 $ later on a plumbing bill , and papmpers refuses to even acknoledge that their products could have caused this . My daughter never used more then the reccomended 1-2 wipes per flush , so that wasnt the problem . I would not reccomend this product unless you plan to just put them in the trash . And since I 'll be putting them in the trashcan , its actually better to just use the sensitive baby wipes which do n't have all the added alcohol/chemicals in them .
 Nowhere in the item description does it mention that this rug has been treated with flame retardant chemicals . But it comes with a sticker on the back that clearly states that is has flame retardant . This is absolutely absurd . Both wool and leather -LRB- the only two `` components '' of this pelt rug -RRB- are naturally flame resistant . There is evidence flame retardants may be dangerous and harmful , especially to infants . -LSB- ... -RSB- Why then is this advertised as a baby sleeping rug with no mention of the flame retardant chemicals used ? We bought this as a sleeping pad for our 4 month old daughter , but unfortunately she will not be able to use it due to the potentially hazardous chemicals that were not mentioned in the product description .
 I bought this monitor thinking that it has more range and more ghz so it must be better - not . It is in constant interference with our wireless connections for our computers and with our wireless telephones , which are also on the same frequency . Like babyfriendly suggested if this is for indoor use , get another monitor because ours was constantly clicking and static . * Sigh * wish I would have known this before I spend my $ 50 .
 Although I 'm happy with the range this monitor gets , the clarity is so awful you ca n't hear your baby crying even if the monitor is a few feet away from the sound . I 'm highly dissapointed and ca n't believe Fischer Price could even sell a product with quality this poor .
 Used this monitor for about a week , very dissapointed . It has a lot of static , can hardly hear baby . It may work good for a little while , and then if you use microwave or cell phone it has a lot of static . Could n't use for out 2 level house .
 Just like other reviewers , this monitor prevented us from using our laptop on our wireless network ... can you say `` BUHBYE ? '' I 'm really disappointed FP would sell such an unreliable item .
 I bought this thinking that it certainly had to be worth the $ 50 . It 's sadly not.I think it worked for about a night , after that it was a nearly constant clicking of interference that sounded like somebody was slapping the receiver in the baby 's room and it 1 -RRB- Woke us up in the middle of the night and 2 -RRB- Was so loud , we could n't hear the baby!After trying every suggestion -LRB- plug it into a different outlet , move both receivers to different locations in the rooms , etc etc etc. -RRB- we threw our $ 50 into the trash ! That could have bought a lot of diapers !
 This is a nightmare for parents that need sleep . Reliable in providing static at all volumes .
 I too thought that with 2.4 GHz this would be a great monitor - WRONG ! I can not believe how much static you hear on the lowest volume ! I thought maybe all monitors sounded like this until I started reading reviews . Do not waste your money !
 This is the worst monitor ! I have the Fisher Price 900 for my first child and bought this thinking it would be just as good . It claims there will be less interference , but this is not true . EVERYTHING interferes with it . We bought a new telephone thinking that would help , but the wireless router interferes with it as well as the microwave and both of our cell phones . I wish I would have known before and I would not have bought this monitor .
 We just got this monitor as a gift and while we can hear the baby amidst all the other noise the monitor makes , we also hear constant static and a loud clicking sound even if the monitor is only 10 feet away from the base . Unfortunately we were n't given a gift receipt so this monitor is going in the trash .
 We use our monitor primarily at night . During naptime we are on the same floor as the children so we do not use the monitor . My experience with this product is limited to the nighttime use . That said , I ended up discontinuing use of this product after a few days . One night our daughter woke up and cried for an unknown number of minutes before we were able to notice . Another night I actually shut the unit off and slept on the couch outside her room.This monitor has a great deal of `` white noise '' . It produces so much white noise that there is very little difference between the sound you hear when it is properly tuned in and the `` static noise '' you hear when the base is off . We actually like a little white noise at night so normally this would n't matter . Howeever , the white noise masks the audio coming from the room as well , which means that you have to keep the volume up very high to overcompensate for the noise.The audible range seems to be very sensitive to ambient noise , but strangely the sounds you want to hear -LRB- baby crying , perhaps -RRB- are somewhat muted . We were able to hear heat rushing through the heating duct with this monitor , despite the microphone being on the other side of the room from the vent . However , the sound of the kid stirring in bed or crying was quiet in comparison to the ambient and white noise . So , again , you have to keep the volume up very high to hear what 's really going on.By far my biggest gripe with this product is the static it picks up . Most devices pick up noise , but this is by far the most sensitive device I have ever owned . Very short bits of static would interrupt our whole night . This problem is exasperated by the fact that , due to other flaws in the product , we ended up keeping the volume up very high.This product can not be recommended . I have had much better success with cheaper models . I 'd rather drill a hole through the house directly to baby 's room than use this product .
 We bought this monitor over 18 months ago ... It has so much static and interference it is horrible . but since we paid so much for it we have gotten used to it ... Sad but true , I now sleep to the steady sound of static and clicking noses that misteriously appear out of nowhere from the monitor . But 18 months later now the monitor just stops it has red lights like it is on and when my toddler is crying you can see it but not hear it ... I have had enough . . this is a terrible product and now we in search of a new monitor . We have a tri level house and I need a good monitor so I can hear my child not static or nothing . . Save your money buy a different product something that will last ...
 As soon as I turned it on there was this horrible clicking noise . It did n't matter which channel that I put it on . The clicking was so loud that I could n't even hear any sounds that came through the monitor anyway . I would not waste your money on this one .
 I am not typically compelled to write reviews , but this monitor is such a piece of junk I felt I should write in an effort to prevent others from making the same mistake by purchasing this . The interference is absolutely terrible . We could n't hear the baby even when she was nearly screaming . FP should take this off the market .
 Just plugged it in for the first time , and it clicks unless the user is about 15 feet away from the base unit . I am so frustrated that I just bought this and have to return it right away . This thing really is a total piece of junk . Avoid at all costs .
 The background noise is really bad . My 900mhz fisher price is much better .
 A reviewer below says this monitor provides reliable static all the time , at all volumes , on both channels . We found this to be true , as well . The FP customer service was ** outstanding ** though . They sent us a label to return it , along with a voucher for the retail price that can be used on any Mattel product -LRB- FP , Hot Wheels , Matchbox , Barbie , etc. -RRB- . I ca n't say enough about the customer service ... I just wish the monitor had worked .
 Like other reviewers have said , there is a ton of interference on this monitor that is quite disturbing at night.We registered for and recieved the 2.4 GHZ monitor because it boasted further distances.At first , I thought it was a problem with the monitor , so I called Fisher Price and they sent me a new one after I sent the original in . Within a few days , I had another new monitor that did the same thing . When I called back again , I asked if I could get a different monitor that was on 900 mhz . I had borrowed a Sony 900mhz monitor that worked fine , and the CSR confirmed that it was likely the 2.4 that was finding interference with our wireless network or something else in the neighborhood . She is now sending me a refund for the monitor and a label to send it back . Kudos to Fisher Price/Mattel for great customer service ! I am now going to try the Private Connections monitor instead .
 I bought this chair for my granddaughter thinking it would not take up as much space as a highchair and it would be like the type I used for my son . His was a plain one that fit snug up to the table . Unfortunately this one does n't fit close to the table and leaves close to a 2 '' gap that food falls down through and the dogs can poke their noses up into , which in turn distracts her feeding . Also , she wo n't be able to sit close enough to the table when the time comes for her to feed herself because of that gap . The seat belt is too loose and hard to adjust . Plus if you tighten it too far then she sits even further away from the table . Bringing it to restaurants to use instead of the one there is time consuming and cumbersome . The legs swing down and open up if you do n't hold them securely while carrying it and then you have to push up the cover to find the release buttons ! Using the carrying bag is useless as the legs can fall open and lock in the open position . In my opinion , I would not recommend this seat . I wish I had saved my money and bought another type of seat .
 We loved this product from the start , until it started to fail . The mechanism that allows you to remove the chair from the table kept getting tighter and tighter on one side . Eventually , it would not budge and the chair had to be sawed off our table . I contacted the manufacturer , Chicco , and they gladly shipped me another chair . Sadly , 4-5 months later , the new chair they sent us did the same thing . Now I have another chair stuck on my table.It is very disappointing because we love the product otherwise . It is great having our daughter sit at the table with us . I also love the low back on the chair because it makes a great hair-styling chair . The back is too high on the high chair and I have difficulty getting at my daughter 's hair to put it in pigtails and trim her bangs.Like I said , it is too bad because the concept is great , but the design is poor .
 I attempted to use this seat on 4 different tables and it only successfully hooked onto one of them -- ironically the one in my home !!! Two of the tables I tried were dining room tables that had a wooden piece running underneath the length of the table for insertion of table leaves . This interfered with the seat 's attachment and the seat could not be used.The third table we tried was a booth at a pizza place . The seat was able to attach at the end of the table , however once in place the adult diners were not able to sit down because the seat 's attachment rods did not allow enough room between the booth seat and the table for an adult leg to slide through and sit down . Even if the adult slid in first the attachment rods interferred with the adult 's leg room . Again the seat could not be used.Also beware that this seat will not hook onto tables with at tablecloth . It does n't tell you this on the box so I did n't find out until I read the enclosed booklet.Needless to say I am returning this ASAP !
 I received this item as a gift , after mentioning to a friend that I had loaned my Graco Travel Lite clip-on highchair -LRB- see below -RRB- to someone and never got it back . My husband and I were immediately baffled as to how the Hippo could be marketed as `` portable '' and shown on the box being easily toted in a carrying bag . Sure , it can be placed in the bag , but only after being completely disassembled ! Disassembling it requires pushing in little buttons that are buried under the fabric of the seat . The legs do fold inward without being removed for somewhat easier carrying , but they do n't lock in the collapsed position , so they constantly swing back out while being carried . Even with the legs collapsed inward , it is awkward to carry , especially while also carrying a diaper bag , purse , and BABY . The chair does seem comfortable , though , thanks to lots of padding and fabric . However , the fabric must be removed and machine washed to be cleaned , and there are a bunch of snaps that must be reckoned with to do so . My husband and I disliked this chair as soon as it came out of the box , but thought we would give it a chance . After one use traveling with it , we vowed never again . I am about to order a new Graco Travel Lite , which was my very favorite baby product with my first child . The Travel Lite is truly portable , folds easily and FLAT , is a breeze to carry , has a removable tray -LRB- which the Hippo does not ! -RRB- , and has a vinyl seat that is easily wiped clean . I strongly recommend the Graco version to anyone who is looking for a portable , clip-on highchair . We loved our Graco and ca n't wait to receive our new one !
 FALLS ON THE FLOOR , BABY DOES NOT SIT UP CLOSE ENOUGH TO THE TABLE.WASTE OF MONEY , DO NOT BUY .
 I bought this item after reading the good reviews , but I really have n't been happy with it from day one . I find the item to be a constant chore in cleaning . With any normal child , the cover is going to get dirty -- I have to wash it 1-2 times a week depending on what I serve -- spaghetti and bananas are the worst.It 's difficult to take the cover off the bar around the back because of the angle and I have to wash the hippos , the bars , the table surface and everything in between with soapy warm water and a sponge . I use Simple Green and wipe down the table top after every use , but food inevitably gets trapped under the hippos and will dry there and along the table 's edge where I miss on occasion . Therefore , everything has to get a good cleaning 1-2 times a week !! I use a dustbuster for crumbs as well . It 's a chore -- I have found it to be more work than I bargained for . With all the washing the cover has now gone through -LRB- I air dry -RRB- , the seams have now torn in one spot . -LRB- One thing I do is to place a children 's placemat underneath the hippos and then attach and lock in place . This way the placemat takes a beating from the constant cleaning -- 3x a day -- and not my table -RRB- . Furthermore , how the heck am I supposed to take that to a restaurant ?? It does n't just come off the table -- you have to unlock and seperate the three pieces and put them back together again -- unless I have missed something and there is an easier way to break it down , but I do n't think so!The one last drawback is that my daughter can weasel herself out of the chair . I have tightened the belt around her tummy to what appears to be a very uncomfortable point , but she can still prop her foot on part of the chair that latches to under the table and get out . She has nearly climbed onto the table more than once . I can never turn my back on her for fear that she will climb out and end up on the floor from a three foot drop.Needless to say , I was n't terribly impressed or happy with the chair and will start looking for a booster seat that will sit on a dining chair and is made of plastic .
 I was excited to try these because I liked the idea of getting my son something that let him put his legs together . I am tired of seeing him so bowlegged due to the diapers . And since I like the other Huggies styles , I was very enthused . Until I went through 5 diapers , everyone of which leaked . Leaking of urine was the biggest problem but after a BM came out the legs , I gave up . I tried everything possible to make these work , but they leak . Maybe in the smaller sizes , but size 5 on a 22 month old definitely did NOT work . Also , my son is in 50 % percentile for height and weight , so skinny legs were not the problem.No more Natural Fit/HugFlex for us !
 After many disastrous leakage experiences with their smaller-size diapers , I decided to give Huggies another try because I have a very active toddler , and these certainly did appear to be stretchy and comfortable . Unfortunately , this comfort comes at the expense of utility . My daughter was no sooner running around in the first diaper out of the pack , when I saw the entire contents of her diaper coming out the sides and up her back . Just like the smaller sizes , this version does not hold anything in !!!!
 When my daughter was first born we used Pampers Swaddlers , because that 's what they gave us in the hospital . Since the Pampers were so expensive , and they sell Huggies at Costco , I decided to try a small bag of Huggies to see if they worked . As I was holding my daughter and nursing her , she peed straight out of the side of the diaper , all over me . I thought , Oh , I just did n't close it well . Nope , she did it again the same day.I recently got sick of spending so much on Pampers Cruisers and thought , hey , Huggies now has this `` Natural Fit '' diaper , maybe they 're improved . Sigh . My poor daughter peed right through it at the playground , leaving a huge puddle in the middle of the play structure , which I then had to frantically try to clean up before the other toddlers crawled through it.Maybe it 's just my daughter , but these things are n't all that absorbent I 'm thinking .
 I only used mine once . It got ripped up on the return flight trip . Do n't know if its the manufacturer or the airline 's fault .
 My husband and I searched for something convenient to carry our sons Britax Marathon carseat . We purchased this item because it had wheels on the bottom of it and thought it would be convenient and easy to carry on and off the plane . Number 1
 I used this on 1 vacation in 2 very small terminals . As previously reviewed , this bag is about as durable as a kleenex ! It is a struggle to get the car seat in and awkward to roll and manuveur . And for all purposes it is completely disposable since it falls apart after one use . The only advantage the bag has is that as far as I know , it is the only one of its kind -LRB- with wheels -RRB- .
 waste of money . does not fit most car seats and the info on the package does not specify this .
 We bought a car seat protector -LRB- not this one -RRB- and took it along with our infant car seat to the local police station to have it installed , since we 've read that 70-80 % of car seats are improperly installed -LRB- no thanks to the crummy manuals they all seem to come with -RRB- . The officer who installed the seat said that after-market products like this are absolutely not recommended -- the only thing that passes muster with the public safety folks is a piece of rug pad , which also helps the base grip the seat in addition to providing some protection of the upholstery . Does n't look great , but it 's better than thinking you 've installed your seat correctly when it 's actually not entirely safe !
 We own two of these and they have never been easy to use . We tore holes in the first one trying to insert the seat . We have kept it though . We bought another and on our second trip the zippers broke off . We would not buy this one again . We do have large carseats - they are both Britax Marathons .
 I agree with other reviewers -- too flimsy . It survived the first use -LRB- barely -RRB- , but I wound up with a hole in the bag because it was dragging on the ground as it rolled -LRB- the bag is not supported by anything except right where the wheels attach -RRB- . But the zipper partially broke that trip , and by end of the first trip , the zipper had completely come off the track so that it had to be taped up by the baggage handlers to keep it around the car seat . It might work okay for a small car seat , but we have a larger Cosco Alpha Omega Elite , and it was a struggle to get it in and out every time . I just bought a Safe To Go Wheelie car seat travel bag with wheels -LRB- for only $ 10 more -RRB- and the seat goes into it easily , it has a base that 's got some support to keep it from dragging , and seems a bit sturdier . I also got a sunshade for $ 6 that 's a lot smaller -LRB- about the size of a softball -RRB- and more convenient than the Safefit protector .
 By the time we had wheeled our Britax Roundabout from the parking lot to the check in desk at the airport the fabric at the bottom of the bag already had two holes in it!The flaw in the design is that there are only two wheels . The mistake we made was that we thought we had it angled so that only the wheels were on the ground when in fact we had to too vertical and the fabric was rubbing on the ground too . This resulted in two holes in a very short amount of time . If you make sure that only the wheels and nothing else are touching the ground then you might still have an intact bag at the end of your flight . but the material is way too flimsy and the slightest mistake on your part will result in holes . We have duct taped our holes and are still using the bag , but are kind of dissapointed.If the material was much stronger then this would be a good product .
 I have used this bag a few times and it works well in some ways . My Britax Roundabout fits spaciously -LRB- as long as it is positioned backwards -RRB- , and the wheels on the bottom are genius . One major flaw is that the clips that attach the backpack straps to the bag are positioned so they dig into your shoulders when you wear the seat on your back . It is extremely painful , so I have not been able to continue using it as a backpack . I 'm now looking for some terry cloth arm bands people wear on their wrists for tennis , and I 'm going to try to use those to cover the clips . If I could , I would return this bag for something more comfortable . In the meantime , we attach it to a rolling suitcase and pull it on its wheels , which works sufficiently well , although it is a bit awkward and tippy . I have not -LRB- yet -RRB- had the fabric tearing problem that the majority of other reviewers complain about . Maybe I just got lucky with gentle airline handlers .
 This cover is awful ! I used it once and it barely survived the round trip from Sacramento to Seattle and back ! I have an Eddie Bauer car seat , which this cover just barely fit over . But I thought at the price it was , it was the best I could get , so I bought it anyway . All of the zipper parts are made of plastic , the zipper pulls came right off , and the zipper itself somehow literally melted ! -LRB- either in the car or the plane , I am not sure -RRB- The straps that you use to wear it as a back pack pulled off as the hooks on them are also plastic . The material is a cheap light weight canvas and it tore during travel . When pulling it on the wheels , parts of it drag on the ground and it almost immediatly wears through the canvas . When reversed to use as a sun shade , it does n't stretch far enough to fit over the whole car seat and protect it-for one-the wheel part was in the way and rubs on the car seat-I do n't want the wheels that have been all over the airport on my babys seat ! Not to mention it leaves parts of the seat exposed , which get hot . I ended up cutting out the sunshade part since the rest was completely ruined . Hopefully I can at least make use of it now and stetch it further to cover the whole seat . But the travel days for this bag are done after one trip ! You 'd be better off wrapping your baby seat in plastic bags and duct tape ! Save your money ! Buy a different cover and steer clear of this junk !
 I travel on my own quite a bit with my baby . This car seat carrier was a life saver on my last trip . The wheels were a huge help . But after only one trip , the bottom material tore . There 's got to be a better way than buying a new one per trip .
 I think this product is a very good idea , however , it did n't hold up very well at all . After one round-trip flight it 's useless . There are several large holes and the zipper does n't work anymore . It did n't roll well either , the bag kept scraping the ground -LRB- where some of the holes came from -RRB- unless I held it at an awkward angle.I also had a hard time getting my daughter 's carseat in it in the first place . The Evenflo Triumph was too big and our other seat , the Cosco AlphaOmega , fit , but not without some work.It might work well for getting the seat through the airport for use on the plane , but I definitely would n't recommend it for checking your carseat as baggage .
 ** Update from my earlier review -LRB- below -RRB- ** After contacting customer service , they sent me a new bag at no charge , no questions asked . I do n't know if I will use it or sell it , but I do feel that that was an impressive response from the company and would therefore increase my star rating if I could . ___ Original review : This bag is a great concept , but the quality is very poor . Similar to other reviewers , I used this as a wheeled bag for only one trip and had two very large holes on the bottom when I reached my destination . However , it most likely would have still been usable had the zippers not fallen off when I was taking the car seat out!Save yourself some money and find something else . What I wound up doing in desperation that worked really well was taking a shoulder strap from my carry-on bag and looping it through the car seat so that I could carry it like a purse over my shoulder .
 Just for other customers to know , it does not fit our Evenflo Triumph DLX Convertible car seat . But the product itself looked fine , and has a side pocket to put the straps in , for airplane travel . I considered keeping it for the car seat reflector part of it , but the wheels made it combersome for that use
 This bag was big enough to fit my carseat -LRB- unlike the Eddie Bauer bag also available on this site -RRB- but after our first trip the entire bottom is ripped out . Do n't waste your money , use a garbage bag instead . If I could rate zero stars I would .
 I used this bag flying from Orlando to Dallas via Atlanta . I did not check the car seat , I only used the bag to pull the car seat from the car to the airport and through the terminal . By the time I got to Atlanta it already had 4 holes . I read the earlier reviews which were mixed and thought I would try it . I had the same cover on my baby registry and needless to say I removed it from the registry as soon as I got back from my trip ! It is a great idea , but the fabric is just not tough enough .
 I purchased this item thinking it would suit my needs for a family vacation , I was wrong . I had a direct flight and carried the car seat to be stored on board . After my flight I noticed the bottom of the bag was completely torn . One of the straps snapped apart as I was carring it on my shoulders . The seat kept slipping inside the bag while I was rolling it . By the time we got home the bag looked like it had been through war . The material is cheap and apparently it does not suit all car seats . It was a complete waste of money !
 This Safefit bag received 2 holes on its bottom during its first flight and 1 more on its return trip . I 'm not very impressed with the quality of the material . A checked car seat at the gate never received as much damage as this bag did .
 Despite claims that this product would fit most car seats we found out at the airport that it did not fit our Evenflo car seat . It was a struggle to fit the seat in the bag , and even then we could not zip the bag closed all the way.Once the seat was mostly in we tried to roll it but the wheels are so small and the handle so lame that the seat kept flipping.We got so frustrated with it that we threw away the bag at the airport security checkpoint and strapped our carseat on top of our rolling suitcase instead , using a $ 0.49 bungee cord I had the foresight of bringing along just in case.I would give this product zero star if I could for false advertising and poor design .
 We bought this bag to use with our Britax Marathon carseat , and it worked great the first time . We loved the wheels , since our seat is quite heavy . It really is a great concept . However , it is a terrible product ! The second time we used it , we noticed that the seat slid around in the bag a lot , causing it to tip off the wheels and drag on the ground . At the end of our trip , not only did this dragging cause the bag to rip on the way to our car , but it ripped our car seat ! The bag 's fabric is pretty flimsy , so for our third trip with this bag , I reinforced the whole bottom of the bag with heavy duty iron on patches . Thankfully , this got us through that vacation and at least to our car . When I unzipped the bag to remove the seat , the zipper pull came right off ! I would recommend spending money on a bag that you carry , especially if you really like your carseat .
 After spending over $ 30 for this item , we used it only twice and it ripped on the bottom clear across . A seamstress said it could not be repaired and commented that the fabric was not very durable or strong . Would not purchase again or recommend to others .
 After one trip -LRB- 4 flights -RRB- with this cover it had several small holes and one zipper fell off . It was only used to carry on the car seat , so it was never checked as baggage , therefore , not overly handled . Very disappointing and on the final flight I did n't even use it because of the zipper . Save your $ 30 and buy a regular luggage carrier .
 We were really looking forward to using this on our first trip with our baby . It worked great at the beginning of the trip , wheeled wonderfully through the airport and down the aisle of the plane but after just one use , started to rip all along the bottom , which in turn damaged our brand new car seat . What this bag needs is a heavy duty plastic guard on the bottom so that it wo n't tear if it rubs the ground . I am only giving this item 2 stars because I think it is poor quality for the price , which is quite steep considering it barely made it through a single use ! I would be willing to pay $ 50 for a better quality bag . If redesigned with a rubber guard , I would give this item 5 stars .
 This is a great concept for families who frequently travel , but in the few short weeks we have owned the protector , we have had TERRIBLE experience with it ... We have used the protector for only TWO roundtrips . By the end of the first trip , the canvas had torn at the bottom where the wheels are -LRB- a metal bar is now partially exposed -RRB- . During the second trip , the canvas had worn a hole and our carseat -LRB- an Evenflo Triumph 5 which was purchased on the same day as the protector -RRB- became damaged where the hole is . In addition to the hole , one of the zipper pulls ripped off . It also has not been easy to put the car seat in the protector . What should be self-explanatory really is not in this case -LRB- instructions would have been helpful -RRB- . We purchased the protector to protect our car seat investment ; however , it has backfired on us and now we are left with a defective product and a damaged car seat .
 I bought this bag based on the positive reviews , hoping that this bag would last for our trip to NYC with our 8 month son . For the first part of the trip , the bag worked great for me - I was able to fit our Britax Roundabout in with no problem and as well , even some diapers and a blanket . The wheels also worked great ! However , on our way home , my husband carried the bag through the airport but faced some major problems - he is taller -LRB- 5 `` 11 `` ft -RRB- than I -LRB- 5 ' 2 `` ft -RRB- and because of this , was unable to smoothly pull the bag since his height meant that the wheels were lifted off the ground . Also , we noticed that the bag started to tear along the bottom only after one use !! Due to these problems , my husband ended up carrying the bag . I would pay more money for a quality product like this since I think that the concept is great . However , after much research , I decided on buying the Go Go Kidz -LRB- $ 89.99 -RRB- made for Britax car seats . It lets you wheel your baby in the Britax Roundabout . I have not tried this item yet but look forward to it .
 The Safefit cover could n't even handle one trip ! When we received the carseat from baggage claim the zipper was completely gone and the material was torn in several places . This product is a major disappointment !
 I was excited to finally find this product , as I had been looking for a carrier to assist me in traveling by plane with my 11 month old 's car seat . The main feature that appealed to me were the wheels , so that I could pull the car seat through the airport.Unfortunately , during the first leg of my trip , the zipper broke . The teeth of the zipper appeared to be broken where they rubbed against the ground either while rolling or by the conveyor belt at the airlines . Then , when I picked the bag up after my return flight , I found that there were holes torn in the sides of the bag . I was shocked that the fabric seemed to tear easily , as the car seat inside it was not large or sharp-cornered . I was extremely disappointed with the performance of this product . I had been hoping to get years of use out of it . Instead , it is trash after it 's first use !
 We had this bag , the zippers broke after just two uses and the edge drags on the ground when wheeled , which made the fabric rip .
 Like several other reviewers , our cover ripped after one trip . It 's easy to see why , if you use the wheels and handle -LRB- exactly as they 're designed to be used ! -RRB- , the bottom of the case drags on the ground . There is no reinforcement along the bottom , and the thin canvas -LRB- think windbreaker -RRB- ripped.Though I do have to say that I contacted the company and they promised to send a new one right out , without requiring me to return the ripped one . That was great , though I 'm hesitant to plan to use it again . Maybe this can just be a disposable cover , one-use only ?
 The fabric on this product is HORRIBLE . We have used it twice and it has to be thrown out . I understand that when the bottom drags that the fabric wears out faster but that does not explain the other holes that are over the entire bag . What a waste of money !
 One of the straps broke immediately as we tested the item with the car seat in it . We took it on our trip anyway since we did n't have time to return it . Other than the strap issue , it performed well -- this thing is really useful . -LRB- We took the suggestion and duct-taped the bottom , so we did n't have any failures in the fabric . -RRB- If so many other purchasers had n't complained about quality , I would say our situation was a fluke . Anyway , if you decide to purchase this item , definitely get it a few weeks before your trip and try it out .
 OK traveling to the US form Europe I thought this would be a great item . After just wheeling it through the airport the bottom developed a hole . The second leg of the trip a zipper broke . The next leg and the other zipper broke leaving it useless . For the return trip I put 4 hefty cinch sacks over the seat and that worked better !
 Latches were very affordable , however , some have broken after installation , or become damaged closing doors . Others seem to fail when door is opened , while others work fine .
 I could n't get these latches to work properly . The latch would engage when the cabinet is open a couple inches , but when you close the cabinet all the way , it does n't stay latched . Maybe I am doing something wrong , but it was too frustrating so I 'll pay more and see if the other choices are better .
 These type of latches used to be the only thing you could buy . We thought that since they were cheaper , we would give them a shot . So we installed them on the cabinet below the sink where we kept all our cleaning supplies , as do many other people . Everytime we went for the Dawn or dishwashing detergent , we would forget they are on there and it would get jerked out of our hand because we did n't unlatch it . They are aggrevating , but once you are used to them okay for the adult . However , my little son can still get the cabinet door open just enough and then get his little hand in there and still bring out detergent , bleach and other items that will fit through the opening . We used the magnet latches on everything else . A little more pricey , but worth it . Be sure to get more than one `` key '' .
 I purchased this carrier with the double stroller as a matching set . It looks nice , the pattern is fine although I do not like design of the sunshade.But ... . the latch button -LRB- red -RRB- where you `` click '' in the straps over your infant , is impossible to press in to unlatch . It also has a plastic puzzle lock . I do not understand why it has a puzzle lock and it is very cheaply made plastic.I returned the carrier because it is not usable with this lock .
 We have a BIG toddler , and I truly commend the spaciousness of this model ... BUT ... Here are the reasons why I am now looking for a new highchair :1 -RRB- The chair pad is SO hard to clean ... it 's not your average toss-in-the-washer pad . So ... you can try to constantly spot-clean , but it gets dirtier , and dirtier , and dirtier . Then the flies start eyeballing your highchair .2 -RRB- When you place the positioning of the seat lower , and your little one is a bit hyper -LRB- or perhaps still has a wobbly head -RRB- , they will hit their head on the large , round side-hinge thingies . -LRB- This is my scientific name for them . -RRB- Seriously , I do n't think our highchair could get much more gross . But before it does , I 'm getting a new one . Perhaps the Fisher Price `` Zen Highchair . ''
 We are borrowing this chair from grandmother . It is pretty , but the WHITE print seat padding is highly impractical ! Shows stains quickly . Do n't buy this color ! ALSO , my 18 month old learned quickly how to remove the tray and throw it on the floor -LRB- food and all -RRB- letting us know he was `` all done . '' Look for one that latches more securely .
 I 've been using this for just over a year now and I wish every day that I had bought a different highchair.Two major problems : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The tray insert does n't cover the entire tray base . This means that every single meal you end up washing both of them . Also , the cute little flower decals are a disaster during the puree stage -- the food gets stuck in there and it 's miserable to try and get out . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The chair pad does not wipe clean . I 've really given up trying to get it clean after every meal . I get the globs off and put it in the washer once a week . It 's a very pretty and soft material , but it 's very impractical for small children.Minor problems : -LRB- 3 -RRB- The harness is really hard to open/close . In any instance when you need to get baby out quick , it 's not possible . The five points are all separate -- 5 separate straps that come together at one point . You ca n't close the waist straps without the shoulder straps also closed . This is really a pain with older babies . -LRB- 4 -RRB- At the out-of-the-box height , the hinge for the legs of the chair are at the same height of the tray . This means that baby can put their dirty fingers all over the hinge and that 's yet another thing to clean after every meal.The height is great , I love that I can fold it up and toss it in the corner , and it 's very cute . But it 's such a miserable pain to clean .
 We were so excited for this high chair to arrive - we desperately needed one that folded , and we knew this model was relatively light . Both of those things were true - it does fold quite flat , and it 's very light , which makes it easy to move about and carry from room to room . I also appreciate how light the tray itself is , which makes it easy to hold with one hand when I have to pop it off while I 'm holding my son.However , we 've found that it 's not the ideal chair for our very curious 18 month-old . Our son figured out how to remove the tray cover within seconds of first sitting in the chair , rendering the cover completely useless.He has now , after about a month in the chair , figured out how to use his foot to push in the release handle so the full tray pops off . He also figured out how to pop the side handles off.Because the bar in between the legs is fixed in place and attached to the snack tray , it can be difficult to get him in and/or out when he 's squirmy.It 's unlikely that a day goes by when either my husband or I do n't say something along the lines of `` I really hate this chair '' ... . usually when we 're picking our son 's lunch up off the floor because he flipped the tray again.I think this would be a fantastic high chair for child that is n't quite as exploratory/active - my son beats up on everything - but if you have a child that likes to `` tinker '' , you may run into some of the same problems we have .
 This chair -LRB- unsafe design ! -RRB- does n't deserve any star at all!At first it was n't bad . As my baby get older , however , she was easily able to unbuckle the so called 5 point harness . The slightest pressure can get the button undone.Long story short , my baby fell out of this awful thing and we ended up with broken collar bone . Absolute nightmare ! Absolutely the worst piece of crap ever . -LRB- I normally do n't use this kind of language -RRB- Save your time and money and stay away , by all means , from this very very very poor product .
 This seat is everything a new parent is looking for in a high chair
 I purchased the Rittenhouse version in August , 2009 . My child is almost a year old now.Pro 's : It is easy to get my child in and out of the highchair . The seat has an adaptable 3 to 5 point harness . It is easy to fold and put away . It has a snap on tray that makes cleaning quicker -LRB- provided that the areas the snap-on tray does n't cover did not get dirty during the last feeding -RRB- . The snap-on tray warped in my dishwasher , making it unusable . Graco immediately sent a free replacement tray of a firmer substance when I complained.Cons : The big downside to the chair is the cleaning . The cover takes a couple of minutes to take off , not seconds . It does not wipe clean . Attempting to wipe it clean is very similar to trying to clean a person 's lap of toast crumbs and peas while seated -- there are creases in the fabric , it moves with the sponge , it is not vinyl , just fabric . Even if you wipe off the solid crumbs , the stains on the seat as well as the top of the chair padding -LRB- beet juice , yogurt , tomato sauce covered hands flailing around , you get the idea -RRB- do not come out with wiping and they look terrible . As a result food builds up in the crevices between washings as do stains . It washes well in the laundry but must air dry . If you are comfortable machine-washing the cover in the evenings , this highchair is wonderful . If parenting is a bit more hectic for you and you prefer wipe it clean technology , buy another chair . I wish I had .
 Ok , so I really like the way this highchair looks but I 'm returning it to Graco do to a major design flaw !! My baby keeps getting his arms stuck between the leg joint and the seat !!! He 'll be eating , reach down and then he ca n't get his arm back up which results in a screaming unhappy baby ! I 've been rolling up kitchen towels and wedging them in the gap . Graco was very good about sending a prepaid label and giving me a full refund but they need to change this design asap !
 I am very disappointed with this high chair . I did n't think I could be more disappointed in a high chair since the Baby Trend one we had for our third child chipped at the wheel supports . This one is worse . It 's a very classy design , and folds up nicely -LRB- if you have as many arms as a Hindu Goddess -RRB- . When it is folded up , there is no place to store the tray . The legs are wider than normal and block every path around the chair . We have a generously sized kitchen and eating area , and it is just too big . When the larger tray is off , there is a permanent little tray wich is convienent for breakfast feedings . The problem with it is we ca n't push the baby up to the table for family meals . It has to sit to the side of the table , making the baby look quite pathetic and lonely . What I really need is an old-fashioned high chair with an easy to clean plastic tray that can store easily . It was handy when the baby was littler and needed to recline . Since we 've grown out of that stage , we need something that can convert to a youth chair in time . Maybe we will bring this one to the grandparent 's house or keep it for when friends with babies come over . I 'm done with it .
 I originally ordered the safety first kensington bc of its beautiful looks , wipeable seat and small fold . When I got it together it did n't fold as compact as I needed so I ordered this graco in rittenhouse . I thought based on positive reviews id love it even though it was n't my first choice . First thing I noticed is it is significantly heavier than the s1 . The fabric is super cheap feeling . It 's white and black which looks like cream and black on the photo and does n't really make sense bc the frame is cream . It ` snot made of a even slightly wipeable material . Its plan fabric which would stain horribly . It 's way too short and the seat sitting area is not very deep and looks way uncomfortable . Needless to say , id rather the other take up room in my teeny tiny kitchen than put up with this garbage . If you want something better quality with a beautiful look go for the safety 1st kensington from babies r us .
 Impossible to clean . DOES NOT COME WITH SECOND COVER . You cant remove the straps to clean them so they become filthy . Adjusting the straps to higher on the shoulders is impossible because you cant get into that part of the chair . This is a horrible highchair . Dont be fooled by the cute fabric .
 I read many reviews on this high chair before purchasing but none prepared me for the poor design leading to an UNSAFE high chair . I can live with inconveniences like the waist strap being too low , the foot rest being too far back etc. but I ca n't live with safety flaws .1 . When my 7 month old son sits in the chair he can reach the red buttons that collapse the seat -LRB- for storage -RRB- when he pushes the red buttons and then pulls on the front of the snack tray -LRB- which he does when he gets excited for another bite -RRB- the seat begins to fold up flat .2 . My son got his arm caught between the chair and the support legs every time we put him in it . I tried to stuff towels in the gap to keep his arm from getting stuck but they did n't stay -LRB- he wanted to pull them out and chew on them -RRB- I contacted Graco and they took the highchair back and refunded my money which was helpful but I would not recommend putting your child in this high chair .
 I purchased this item through Amazon after reading the reviews . The product does n't stand up to it 's reviews . The seat cover fell apart after the first hand wash . When I called the customer service the DOTS design that I have paid extra for is unavailable . The alternative that I have ordered , which they have claimed is readily available is not shipped to me for 2 months . There is no follow up . When I called them a month later I was told that even the alternative is on back order , but it will be shipped to me in 3-4 days . Another month , a phone call and after changing to another design I finally got the replacement . Ofcourse the replacement cover does n't match the chair now .
 This is a very good , modern , chabby chic-ish looking high chair but it has a tiny seat and is very wobbly . I returned it immediately so I do n't know if it can weather the baby-storm .
 I have not tested the high chair het , because I can not get the glue off the tray.This ridiculous glue was used to stick a paper display on the larger tray . I havesoaked it , , , scrubbed it and still the glue remains on it . What can I do ? I will notuse chemicals .
 I just got this in the mail and have to return it because it does not have the leatherette cover . Who has time to machine wash the cover after every feeding !?
 We bought this chair without doing proper research and due diligence . However , I hope this review saves other parents from making the same mistake we did - buying this cheap crappy product.The whole make of the chair feels poor , crappy and cheap . It 's a pain to strap the child because the straps are not well designed . The whole strap system is poorly designed , and takes holding multiple components so they do n't slip out , while you are aligning stuff to click it.The height adjustment on this chair is a joke . You get about 4-5 inches worth of height adjustment on a 3 feet tall chair , and that too slips down without notice.Base is too big for the real seating capacity the child is getting.The tray is not designed to prevent stuff from falling over . Not deep at all , not sufficiently big.I highly recommend staying away from this product line . Also , forgot to mention that for the price , you should expect a better build quality than flimsy plastic . Unfortunately that is not the case .
 I bought this when pregnant for my now 2yr old thinking it would be a space saver for our smallish kitchen as is folds up for storage . Turns out we never used that feature because we use the high chair too often to bother with folding & storing , only to drag it out & unfold it a few hours later . It is really a pain to move it around the room or just reposition , which we need to do all the time . It has an awkward design with huge , splayed legs that we always seem to manage to trip over or kick with our toes -LRB- pain -RRB- . Rolling it is like trying to drag a stubborn horse , almost as if it has a free will and is literally trying everything to keep from going where I want it . I usually end up dragging other furniture or toys along with it as they get snared by the 50 ft `` wing span '' of the legs . I hate it . But I am NOT buying a new one for baby # 2 -LRB- due in Aug -RRB- b/c I need my money for other stuff . This will have to suffice . If I had it to do over I would get the Peg Perego , or another highly rated chair , not this freakish thing .
 actually - the chair seems fine so far ... I just wanted to complain about the stupid label on the removable tray . Obviously the Graco design staff wanted a label that 's easy to remove `` peel off '' , but for some reason Graco used a cheap label and adhesive that tore off in tiny little strips . I mean I have n't even used this product yet , and I 've already spent 10 minutes dealing with the problem of taking off a label.Seriously ? spend the extra penny and use a better label !
 This is a good looking high chair at first . Once you try to use it it 's a whole other story . Here are my main complaints in no particular order : The cover is NOT machine washable ! Who in their right mind would feed a baby or toddler anywhere near something you ca n't really get clean?Where the crotch strap comes up there is a cut out on the pad which is the perfect place for small bits of food to get stuck . Disgusting.My baby , on numerous occasions , has gotten her arm stuck between the giant tray and the hinge things on the legs of the chair making her panic and scream and scaring the heck out of me.The wheels have a mind of their own.The floor space needed to have the legs all the way open on this thing is enormous ! Who cares if it folds up really slim , you 're never going to put it away in between meals anyway . You 're going to trip over it and curse yourself daily for buying this and who wants to do that in front of the children?I 'm going on my fourth baby and this might be my least favorite piece of baby equipment I have ever owned . Too much thought went in to making this fancy and not nearly enough thought went in to making it practical .
 I read many reviews on this high chair before purchasing but none prepared me for the poor design leading to an UNSAFE high chair . I can live with inconveniences like the waist strap being too low , the foot rest being too far back etc. but I ca n't live with safety flaws .1 . When my 7 month old son sits in the chair he can reach the red buttons that collapse the seat -LRB- for storage -RRB- when he pushes the red buttons and then pulls on the front of the snack tray -LRB- which he does when he gets excited for another bite -RRB- the seat begins to fold up flat .2 . My son got his arm caught between the chair and the support legs every time we put him in it . I tried to stuff towels in the gap to keep his arm from getting stuck but they did n't stay -LRB- he wanted to pull them out and chew on them -RRB- I contacted Graco and they took the highchair back and refunded my money which was helpful but I would not recommend putting your child in this high chair .
 Was very disappointed by this highchair . The underside of the tray is rough and abraded my son 's legs . The cloth cover gets very dirty in process of a baby eating and requires daily washings . Same with the straps . Returned ours and got the portable Fisher Price and have been much happier .
 The highchair does it 's basic function ; the issue is with the footrest which does not tilt with the back incline and the castors on the legs are a pathetic excuse for being so as they do n't function while locked !
 This highchair has everything ... but a foot stool ! How can Graco forget such an important part like this ? Our kid does not like his feet hanging in the air . He has resorted to kicking his feet out and grabbing on to the edge of the table bottom part with his toes because there is no foot stool . This is an utter failure on design and I may consider purchasing another highchair that actually has a foot stool . BTW , that picture may look like there is a footstool but , there really is not .
 This chair is a LOSER . The storage compartment door falls open and has room for nothing more than a small bib . The straps come loose and are very diffucult to adjust and clean . Food gets stuck in the crevices and the chair does not come apart so you can clean it -LRB- reminds me of the Prima Papa Highchair which also has too many crevices for food to get stuck in -RRB- . The tray was tight against my son 's stomach at 1 year old and he is a little fella . The hooks to detach the tray from the seat are made of soft plastic so they bend and break ... the tray also gets stained easily from spaghetti sauce and fruit ... very porous , cheap plastic . It is heavy and cumbersome , has no shoulder strap and I would never take it out of the house . The only good thing about this seat is that the tray is useful if you turn it upside down on the floor and put snacks on it .
 I liked the way the seat folds , and it is easy to travel with , however the tray locking clasps are very weak . While in the seat , and pushing on the tray , my 9 month old actually broke one of the claps that holds the tray in place . I replaced the tray , and then broke one of the clasps myself taking the tray off of the seat . If you are using the seat directly with a table and not using the tray , this booster seat is fine .
 The day my husband and I purchased this booster , the clip that holds the tray in place while in the folded position broke off . What a dissapointment .
 We bought this without really taking time to research it because we were in a rush over the summer and needed a booster to use at a relatives house who does n't have one . I wish I read the reviews first , because I would have bought the `` on the go '' booster instead . Oh well , that 's the beauty of heindsight I guess . : - PThis seat serves it 's purpose.PROS : Hard plastic seat and tray is easy to cleanStraps , once assembled and fastened , stay tightTray is removableFolds up for storageGood for light use , I would n't use it everyday - read the cons and you 'll understandCONS : Tray is HARD to remove , you have to grasp and pull the sides JUST SO to get it to pop off -LRB- I have to struggle to stiffle an array of 4-letter words quite often when trying to take the tray off -RRB- It 's cumbersum to set up and fold down and you 'll need both hands to do both -LRB- we use the `` on-the-go '' booster at my mother-in-law 's and I can open it with one hand , plop my daughter in the seat , strap her in , and strap the booster seat to the chair easily -RRB- . First you need to untangle the straps , make sure they 're going in and coming out of all the right places , THEN you can put your toddler in first and attach the booster to the seat next or vice versa . The removable tray is nice , but again , a struggle to take off more often than not . To fold it back down , you 'll need both hands once again to push buttons on either side of the seat to pop up the seat and fold it in , then put the tray in with the rest of it , and spend another minute or two `` organizing '' the straps so they do n't get tangled up with each other or come apart from the seat itself -LRB- even after the straps are `` assembled '' going in and out of all the right places , they just fall back out if you 're not really careful -RRB- . This seat is n't bad for us , we only use it at relatives houses who do n't have a booster seat , so it 's not too much of a hassle . -LRB- It 's only been used a half a dozen times in the past year -RRB- But I would n't recommend it if you 're going to use it more than once a month . The removable tray is nice , and it is easy to clean , but between the hassle of removing the tray , having to use 2 hands to set it up and fold it back down , and the straps that fall out way too easily when not fastened , it 's too much hassle for everyday use . If you need a booster to use more often , I 'd recommend the `` on-the-go '' booster seat .
 Makes for an attractive concept but does not deliver the goods when called to service . It 's just too small to hold a growing baby . The table top sits very low to the seat ; getting a baby in and out without taking the tray away is near impossible . And fold-up and straps storage is not very functional ; the top pops off the seat too easily and retracting the straps is a cumbersome process . Also , the tray is quite small ; you ca n't rely on the booster alone , additional surface space is necessary for routine feeding . We used the product about four times , until our baby outgrew the booster before his first birthday . I suggest a restaurant-style Cambro booster over this product any day .
 I have been using this booster seat for a while now and it is nothing but a pain to me . the tray that came with it went in the closet the first day we bought the booster seat and we have never used it . -LRB- My slender son would not fit in the seat with the tray attached . -RRB- For a while , the seat worked well . I guess it still `` works '' well , but it is the most pain in the rear thing to clean . There are way too many cracks and crevases to possibly keep it clean . And the retractable belts are a great idea , but in my opinion are just a breeding ground for bacteria and other things from the impossibility to keep it clean.If you were to use this as an occasional on-the-go seat , I would probably recommend it , but do n't buy this seat if you plan on using it daily as your primary booster seat !
 I think the seat is convenient because it folds up for travel , but it 's not very sturdy and I do n't like it because my son had no problem popping the tray off , and food went flying everywhere.I gave it a second chance and the same thing happened . Now I just use a hand-me-down Fisher Price solid plastic booster seat . It also has a seat belt , but it 's much more sturdy .
 my daughter was 16 months when we purchased this seat . She is not a big baby , but there was no way we could use the tray . It did not adjust to her size . This would have been just fine if we were only looking for a booster seat . We went with a different brand that can be used as a high chair or a booster . Now she is 20 months and we are just using it as a booster . When baby brother gets old enough though , we will be able to use our other chair as a portable high chair . This chair just wo n't work for that purpose .
 This item should be recalled . I bought it at Toys r Us and found that the tab that holds the tray in place can easily break off leaving a bright yellow colored piece of plasitc for your baby to swollow and choke on.I packed it right back and took it to the Toys r us store where the manager refused to take it back because there was a food stain on it . So I spent $ 17 for a choking hazard !
 After only three weeks , my daughter -LRB- 13 months -RRB- was able to pop the tray off herself . The last time she pulled it off , the clip that holds the tray in broke and stuck in the chair.If I had n't had my daughter buckled in , she would 've fallen to the floor!By the way , the tray is n't large enough to hold a baby-sized plate . -LRB- let alone plate , utensils and drink ! -RRB- DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 We had to throw this booster seat away , it scratched our wooden chairs . It was also very difficult to clean .
 I think the seat is convenient because it folds up for travel , but it 's not very sturdy and I do n't like it because my son had no problem popping the tray off , and food went flying everywhere.I gave it a second chance and the same thing happened . Now I just use a hand-me-down Fisher Price solid plastic booster seat . It also has a seat belt , but it 's much more sturdy .
 I bought this chair so that I could have a place to feed my baby when I went to see friends and family . I also liked the fact that it folded for easy travel . However , the tray comes of very easily and does not stay secure . Even the baby can get the tray off and all the food goes on the floor . Not a good experience . I hope this is helpful .
 My son is only 10 months old and ca n't use this seat because there 's not enough space between the seat and the tray . He 's not a fat child , either , only in the 50th % and it cuts right into his belly . I 'll be returning it today .
 We got tired of feeding my 9 month old daughter finger foods off of the restaurant tables - that 's when we found this chair on the endcap of a toy store . We loved it , AT FIRST ! We ignored the fact that the storage compartment did n't stay closed and was n't big enough for anything - it was very convenient to put away and carry out to eat and easy to use and set up . It had the strapes that keep the chair to the seat so we were n't concerned my daughter falling out or off the chair.After about 2 months the strapes became hard to pull out and wind back in . Then the tray cracked on either side . The storage compartment was never right to begin with . And the tray would n't stay snapped on when it was being carried or stored - so instead of the `` easy to use '' booster/highchair that we had it was a mess to carry in and out of the restaurants.Called Safety First - lousy Customer Service and took a long time to get resolved - they told me they were sending a new one -LRB- I had already sent my old one to them -RRB- and 3 weeks later I called again was informed item was on backorder and would take more time . They finally agreed to sending me a refund after becoming very upset with them on the phone.Now , I 'm searching for the same convenience but better quality . Would be very carefully about buying this seat again or recommending it to anyone .
 Liked how compact this was , and how easy it was to assemble . However , within the first fifteen minutes of using it , my 13 month old had kicked off the tray . I am now looking for something better ...
 I brought this booster home for my 12 month old because I wanted a booster seat to travel with . It looked sturdy and durable and I liked the idea for the retractable straps , and then I got it home . The height adjustment is difficult to lock in place and I worry that my active toddler will disable it by moving around in the seat . The tray is small and not adjustable . I ca n't even use it because my baby is too big for it -- which does n't really matter , since it 's almost impossible to get off ... The retractable strap system is loud and I ca n't wash the straps very easily . The storage compartment is way too small -- I 'm not sure what they were thinking I would be able to fit in there -- maybe a bib ? It 's also very difficult to shut the door on the storage compartment too . Finally , for a portable booster seat , it 's awfully heavy and it does n't have any shoulder straps to carry it . All in all , it seemed like a cool idea in store , but do n't waist your money on it -- it 's not all it 's cracked up to be . We now have the First Years On-the-Go Booster that inflates by itself and we LOVE it ! It 's much more lightweight and comfortable for my 12 month old !
 I purchased this seat before an 800 mile trip to Florida with my 5-month-old daughter . I am a bit leery of restaurant highchairs for many reasons . I found that this seat was a bit stiff to fold , and the tray was difficult to lock on in both the upright AND folded position . Not handy if you are all hungry and in a hurry . Also , if only booths are available to sit in , the tray would not be an option , and the height of the seat is would not adjust high enough for her to reach . I returned this seat , and borrowed my friend 's table-lock type high chair instead . Bottom line
 I 'm the mother of 2 girls -LRB- ages 1 and 2 -RRB- Problems :1 . The compartment lid absolutely will not stay closed and never has .2 . It is just about impossible to clean completely without taking it apart and that is also just about impossible without breaking it .3 . The tray only has one position which was qhite snug on both of my kids and they are average size.Benefits :1 . I love the ratcheting belts so you do n't have to drag them or tie them up .2 . I also love the design of the seat buckles . My 2 year old can fasten herself in but ca n't get herself out . That 's perfect .3 . I do like how it all folds up and is compact . We 've taken it everywhere because restaurant highchairs are just so nasty .
 The idea of this travel booster seat is good , but it just does n't work w / a toddler who can easily remove the tray . There is no locking mechanism to hold the tray in place so my son has no problem at all grabbing it and throwing it to the floor along w / his dinner ... . very disappointed in this product .
 I loved the idea of this booster seat , I think it 's great that it can fold up . We bought it today and will be taking it back tomorrow . I put my 8 month old in it and the tray was pushing into his tummy-not very comfy ! He weighs 20 pounds and I guess most of it is his waistline . I am very disappointed in this product . I hope the company improves it by making the tray somehow adjustable .
 I did not like this product . I chose this instead of a regular high chair because it was cheaper , and I liked the idea . It did fit well to the chair though . I was able to tighten it so it did not move at all . It was just very uncomfortable for my 10month old . She kept ending up sliding down , I was constantly having to straigten her . Thank goodness , I kept the box . I took it back and spend -LSB- $ $ -RSB- more and bought the highchair I originally wanted . If you like the idea of the booster chair , spent the extra money to get the nicer one .
 My husband and I went to Babies R Us to buy a booster seat for our 15 month old daughter . We decided to go at the last minute , so I did n't have time to do any research on them beforehand . I tried to compare this seat with The First Years 3-in-1 Booster Seat while at the store . I liked the look of the Safety 1st Fold N Go Booster Seat better and the way it folded up nicely for traveling , so I purchased it -LRB- I did n't notice any other significant differences -RRB- . Both were the same price . When I got home , I read the reviews for both of these seats and The First Years 4 Stage Feeding Seat -LRB- which was n't intended to fold up -RRB- . A few reviews for both of the fold up seats scared me , but I thought I would try out the one I had already purchased before returning it and getting the 4 Stage -LRB- which had excellent reviews -RRB- . I set up the seat and attached it to our kitchen chair , put my daughter in it and put the tray on ... My daughter is almost too big for the seat already -LRB- with the tray on -RRB- . Because I bought this seat with the intention of using it with the tray , I was disappointed to see that my daughter 's belly was touching the inside edge of the tray . She 's an average sized 15 month old , so there was no excuse for this . My recommendation to the company is to make the tray adjustable . Also , I had so much trouble getting the tray off that my daughter became impatient and started fussing before I could get her out ! I immediately boxed the seat , and I 'm heading to Babies R Us to exchange it for The First Years 4 Stage Feeding Seat . I can only assume that the rest of the comments for this Fold N Go seat are true also , since I never had a chance to test it fully . I hope the 4 Stage Feeding Seat travels well , but if not , at least I know my daughter is safe -LRB- according to the reviews -RRB- and that she will be able to use it longer .
 We bought this chair to use instead of a highchair when visiting relatives and we HATE it ! Our son is 18 months old and constantly pulls the tray off , spilling his food all over the place . The few times he has n't been able to get the tray off the first time his little fingers have gotten caught in between the seat and the tray , giving him a pinch ! Certainly the person who designed this chair did not give into the fact that kids can do things that adults ca n't . I have a difficult time getting the tray to grab on in the back . Fortunately , if the tray is n't on properly it sits crooked in front of him ! If I could return this chair I would in a second .
 I needed a compact booster seat for traveling . I purchased this one and was very disappointed with it . First of all , I feel the straps are very unsafe . The 2 straps which should come from the back of the seat , actually come from the bottom so it secures the child very low which allows them to lean over the sides . The tray is difficult to put on , in both positions . And my daughter is an average sized 7 month old and will not be able to fit in the seat with the tray on for much longer . The only redeeming quality is that the straps retract into the seat so that they are not hanging out while being transported . -LRB- Not quite a trade-off for my child 's safety . -RRB- Needless to say , I will be returning this product .
 I bought this because it looked more compact for going out and was cheeper . I have a six month old and it is no good for her . It gives no support what so ever . I then bought the 4 stage reclining seat and it is great ! Spend the extra money first !
 I 'm not in love with this chair . When traveling , the tray wo n't stay attached to the bottom , like it is supposed to -LRB- a minor , but irritating problem when you 're trying to tote a lot of gear . -RRB- More importantly , I ca n't get the straps to stay taut around the chair ; they 're always loose after my daugter eats a meal in the chair , which allows her to rock back and forth in it and bang her head against the chair back . Finally , it 's a pain to clean up with all its nooks and crevices . I would n't recommend this chair .
 I purchased this chair at Christmas time for my daughter . I wish I would have considered other similar ones out there . THREE months later my daughter can pull the tray . With the tray off could lead to injuries , ect . . the functionality is good but as far as safety its very very poor ! Its hard to believe that a company with safety in its name would promote a poor seat .
 The fold and go booster was our initial attempt in the art of portable boosters . We had fallen in love with a different brand that our friends had , so we ran out and got this thing . Mistake.Plus side
 I originally purchased this at Babies R Us without my daughter . I loved the retractable belts and that it folds up for travel . I was very excited to start using it at home . My daughter was going to sit at the table like a big girl ! I however was disappointed that with the tray on , my daughter 's belly was squished . My daughter is a little big for her age with a nice healthy round baby belly , but the box said up to 4 years old and she is no where near that size . WIthout the tray she fits nicely , but we really wanted a booster with a tray.My suggestion would be to read the reviews online and then take your child with you to the store . When I returned this booster , I put my daughter in the other boosters to see which one would work best . Good advidce for any baby purchases ! : -RRB-
 We purchased this chair for our 14-month old son with the intent of using it mainly for travelling and eating out . The handle for the chair is very small making it difficult to carry it along with a toddler . The seat is cumbersome to unfold and the tray ... bad design ! The tray goes on pretty easily but you need a structural engineer to remove it ! The straps that attach the seat to the chair are retractable but only when you turn a crank on the underside of the chair that makes a very , very loud noise -LRB- less than ideal when you are out at a restaurant ! -RRB- . We had high hopes that this chair would work for us and were very disappointed when we tried using it . We have since bought The First Years On-The - Go booster that self-inflates and LOVE IT !!!
 I have been quite displeased with this seat . I feel that it is unsafe because my daughter can easily fall over while in this seat if she rocks or reaches for an object . The strap that is supposed to secure it to a chair loosens if she moves at all ! Therefore , we have only been able to use it on the floor . It is uncomfortable for her because it does not recline . This makes it hard for her to tilt her head back to drink . I would not recommend this product at all .
 I just bought this as an extra to remain at Grandma 's house . Well , my 1 year old 21 lb daughter can hardly fit between the tray and the seat . The tray only has 1 position and it is so snug against her stomach , with just a light shirt on , that she ca n't use it comfortable.If your child is super skinny this is probably a better bet for you . The straps did seem to hold my daughter in safely , but the non-adjustable tray just made this booster impossible for us to use .
 I bought this booster seat without checking the reviews like I normally do , and what a dissaster ! The tray broke -LRB- locking clip on left side broke off -RRB- and now my 1 year old can easily pop off the tray with one kick of his leg . The tray itself is not adjustable so as he gets bigger he will outgrow it . The booster is not as compact as I thought , so I do n't really know how much better of a traveling seat it is than others . So next time ... I will check the reviews first ! Lesson learned .
 I was very excited to find this product on the shelf . I love the idea of pulling out a second highchair but being able to store it away . The putting away task is a rather difficult chore , to say the least . The retractable straps stopped retracting correctly after the 4th or 5th use . All the folding mechanisms refuse to remain in a locked position , and the storage compartment on ours will not stay closed . I would not recommend this product if your child is more than a year and a half old ... my 2 year old barely fits with the tray attached -LRB- does not offer adjustable positioning -RRB- , it really works best as a booster seat at a table for us ... Good luck using this product , I am glad to see it has worked out better for others .
 We have 3 boys , two still in boosters . I bought this booster second for my 1 yr old -LRB- I was saving $ 5 -RRB- . We have a pretty active lifestyle and travel often ... booster seats are the BEST for this . Problem is this one is the pits!It does n't fit many chairs -LRB- square back -RRB- Cleaning is a nightmare ! - The straps are underneath where the child sits and all the food gets dropped . I constantly trying to dig the gunk out of where the straps go through the bottom.Nothing like smooshed banana ... yeeeuck.The storage tray never stays closed when carrying it around.If I were to do it again I would get another Fisher Price - Healthy Care Booster -LRB- the first one I bought -RRB- . I do n't need to hassle of cleaning this one !
 During the holidays we traveled a lot . Also while in work my daughter is at my parents house , it is a small house , so I did n't want to have to leave a highchair there . So I thought this would be a great thing to feed her on . What a pain . The tray does n't stay on , so while you 're trying to feed the baby you also have to try & keep the tray on . I gave up and stopped using it , it 's not worth the hassle .
 I just purchased this product and was so excited that this booster was so compact and would be easy to transport . However , when I set the product up , I was n't very impressed . The whole design just looked too small ... especially the tray . My son , who is only 11 months old , looked so uncomfortable when I put him into the booster to try it out . The tray is n't adjustable and it was firmly pressed into his tummy . Needless to say , I just purchased this product today and will be returning it tomorrow . The booster states that it is useful up to 4 years of age . My son has n't even turned 1 and he already does n't fit into this product . So unless your infant/toddler is very tiny , I would n't recommend this booster at all .
 Purchased this for my 23 month old daughter and do not like it because the tray is not adjustable so the food falls on my daughter 's lap and inside the seat -LRB- tray does n't sit close enough -RRB- , the tray surface is way too small so stuff is easily knocked off , and the door to the storage compartment on seat back will not stay latched and keeps coming open . I do like the retractable straps , but that 's about it .
 I needed a portable chair that I could leave in the car when I want to use it at Grandma 's or at a resturant . It suited my main need . It is compact and folds into a small profile . But the tray is a complete waste of time . My 16 month son easily ripped it off . I like the retractable straps and height extensions . Be warned , you need to pull the strap all the way out and tighten by pulling the straps from the buckle .
 Like many of the reviewers , I was excited about the features of this seat . The adjustable height and retractable straps sounded great , BUT once we put it into use , we realized that it was too good to be true . The tray is too small , too tight , and difficult to put on/take off . The retractable straps on ours do not stay tight around the chair anymore -LRB- after maybe 5 uses -RRB- . We think it 's annoying and dangerous ! I 'd recommend ANY other booster seat because I really ca n't imagine one being any worse .
 At first glance , this appears to be the ideal booster seat . It does fold up easily and the interior of the chair is easy to clean after each meal . HOWEVER , be forewarned . If you do n't mind cleaning up food that has been sent flying through the air by your clever little one , then this is the chair for you . Our daughter figured out how to send the tray and it 's contents sailing through the air when she decided she was finished eating . I would recommend the older safety first model which had a better locking mechanism . But they are rare and hard to find . Do n't try customer service , they will not take the chair back , and refused to believe that there was a problem . As you can see from several other reviewers , there is a problem with this product . Good luck !
 I bought this booster seat 2 times and it is cheaply made and the tray broke off twice . the fisher price on the go is the way to go !
 I found the tray on this booster very difficult to get off . You have to push it in first and then up , and I nearly hit the baby in the face when pushing it in because it ca n't be done easily . After only a couple uses , one of the latches that secures the tray to the chair broke off . I returned it immediately and bought the Fisher Price Healthy Care Booster , which I absolutely love .
 I was really excited to purchase this booster seat , since we had been lugging around our sons regular sized highchair every place we went . The retractable straps were the biggest selling point for us on this seat , unfortunately they tangled up after the first time we used it making it impossible to use a second time .
 I originally purchased this fold n go booster because I liked how compact it was ... However , when I got home and set it up , two things happened that I did n't like . 1 . the storage compartment flap kept coming down , not a huge deal , but a little annoying -- the latch mechanism could be better . 2 . My little 9 month old son is quite the investigator -- he was looking at his new chair and the back folded down and caught his little fingers -- I do n't think it hurt him , but it sure gave him a good scare - it is Something that I do not want to happen again , and completly unacceptable . I immediatly folded the booster up , put it in the box and returned it to toys r ` us . I got the fisher price model instead -- for $ 5.00 more , it is sooo much better . Firstly it is slightly more compact , and secondly there is no way little fingers can get caught , the seat back can only be folded down by mommy 's and daddy 's ...
 I have a high chair at my house but my 6 month old spends a long at grandma 's house . I did n't want to spend too much money for another highchair so I thought this would work perfect , not expensive and I would be able to take it anywhere . Sorry to say that is not so . This product could not hold my baby from falling over to the sides and it would slide off the chair . But I guess you get what you pay for . I would not recommend this product unless you have a baby that can sit very still and not move an inch .
 A portable , collapsible chair would be a great thing to have if only it worked . Our four-month-old can not sit in the chair while the tray is in place . It 's just too tight a squeeze the way it 's been designed .
 I did not like this chair . I opted for this booster chair because of it 's price and I liked the idea . Boy did I get what I paid for . Nothing but pieces of plastic . Although , it did attach securey to the chair . No worries about her falling out . But my 9 month old daughter kept slumping down , I was continuously having to straighten her . It looked very uncomfortable . I finally gave up and took it back . I bought the high chair I originally wanted . If you like the idea for the booster chair , pay the extra money to get something of better quality .
 Okay -- it has some great features , which is why I bought it in the first place , but after just a few times out , we discovered this seat is NOT all that it 's cracked up to be ! Yes , it folds easily and compactly . And yes , the retractable straps are a huge improvement over the dangling straps of other seats . BUT the tray IS too tight as a few other reviewers have mentioned and can not be adjusted . And , as I just found out -- the seat -LRB- under which all kinds of smelly spills get trapped -RRB- can not be opened , nor the straps -LRB- which get really gross over time -RRB- removed for cleaning -- a MUST for all children 's feeding accessories ! Any seat that can not be virtually hosed down is simply not worth the cost . Safety1st makes a better booster seat than this in its older , more generic models -- go for one of those instead ! I threw mine out when it began to smell !
 Overall we really like this chair and it comes in handy . One thing I hate is the way the tray comes on and off . It 's really easy to get the tray on but the way you have to remove it is impossible if the kid is in the seat . In trying to get it off without crushing my daughters chest I broke off one of the tabs . Now it does n't fold for travel as well as it should . We still leave it in the trunk and use it when we go out , but if I had to buy another one I probably would n't buy this one again or recommend it to others .
 I found that it was difficult for my five month old to sit up in this chair without falling over . The storage unit was very small , too small for anything but a bib . My mom used it one day and broke the hook that holds the tray on .
 It seems flimsy to me ... I loved the old wooden highchair she had from dh and his brother , but she said it must not be comfortable , because they did n't want to stay in it - it now lives at MY folks and ds loves it.Anyway , this plastic seat ca n't be easily moved from one room to another - it straps onto a regular dining chair . Ds ca n't climb up onto it , as there is no footrest like his wooden chairs have . It also does n't fit under her dining table very well . It ends up being too short for ds to have a good view of the table . MIL loves it because it 's new , but I do n't .
 I thought I 'd love it because it folds up small and has all these neat little features . But the one thing that just did n't sit right with me was its flimsiness!The tray is at best a thin piece of plastic . It 's also hard to put on and take off the seat . Furthermore , you ca n't adjust its position on the booster.The lid for the so-called compartment in the back hardly stays in place , and pops off with the slightest jiggle , making it impossible to store anything in it.The wind-up straps do n't really lock in place -- the straps can easily slip loose while fastened on the chair , making it very dangerous for the child.The only remarkable feature that it has is that it folds up smaller than any of the other booster seats with trays that I 've seen on the market . But because it 's so flimsy and frustrating to use , we returned it as soon as I took it out of the box .
 I bought this seat for my 11 month old daughter yesterday and returned it this morning . The tray is too small and the seat ca n't be taken apart to be cleaned . Both are important features to me . After trying several in the store , something I should have done in the first palce , I chose the Safety First seat with the swing out tray . The tray had 2 adjustments and fit around my daughter nicely . The seat can be taken apart to be cleaned , as well as the straps . I paid the same amount for my new seat as I did for the fold n go .
 Do n't bother with this one ... Hard to cleanTray is tight , small and falls offBack compartment is too small for anything but a tiny bib and the door falls open constantly anyway.It slides and has no grippers or suction to grab a chair.It is clumsy to travel with .
 I am taking this chair back because the tray is awful . The tray falls off and is not at all secure . The Fisher Price one is much better !
 I never even got my child into this seat - the chair back would not lock into place . The plastic notches that are supposed to hold this area securely are very cheap and seem like they would wear with use . I am returning this and trying a different product .
 My husband and I bought this booster seat because it seemed covenient for home and travel . However , in testing it out , we found many flaws . Our oldest son is almost two and is too big for it already -LRB- even though it says ages 6mos to 4yrs -RRB- , especially with the tray on . The straps that secure the booster seat onto the chair do not lock in place . After a while of my son moving around in the seat , the straps became loose and the seat was falling off the chair . We were very unhappy with this product and will be returning it for the 4 in 1 seat .
 At first we were really happy with this seat . We never used the tray as we just pushed our baby up to the table and we never messed with the retractable straps or storage compartment . Then our baby got sick and vomited while in the seat , as babies frequently do . Now , because the seat does n't come apart we have a disgusting pool of vomit inside the seat that can not be cleaned . When we turned the dial to retract the straps in a futile effort to take the thing apart , it actually drips vomit out of the dial ! The company told us there was no way to take the seat apart and clean it out . We are disgusted and will buy a new seat this weekend.Buy this seat only if you are very sure your child will never spit up , become sick , or otherwise get food all over the seat .
 On the recommendation of friends , I purchased this booster seat for my son . Our high chair is just a little to big for him , so I thought this might be a good alternative . I am so glad I have the receipt because it is going right back . I tried it for the first time last night . My six month old son was repeatedly able to pop the tray off ! I also did n't feel comfortable with the folding legs - they just seem too wobbly . I would feel much better if they locked into place . I wish I had gone to BabiesRUs and tried out the seat before I bought it - something I highly recommend all parents do !
 I 'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR A LIGHT WEIGHT STROLLER FOR MY TWO YEAR OLD , I SAW THIS ONE AND LOVED IT , THE CUP HOLDERS FOR THE ADULTS AND KIDS ARE GREAT FEATURES . BUT SHOP AROUND , I FOUND IT AT A LARGE `` SUPER CENTER '' FOR 20 BUCKS LESS . SAME EVERYTHING.HOPE THIS HELPS .
 There are so many other gates that are cheaper in price , sturdier , and much much easier to install . This was terrible . Very disappointed , returning , and would not recommend .
 I bought this gate hoping to deter my autistic daughter from going up or down the stairs . Let me just say , when that child gets an idea in her head there is no stopping her . However , it works great on my son . Sadly he is trying to follow in my daughters footsteps by hopping it but in general it is able to block his escape.Update
 First , the basics : - Quality - average - Look - institutional / jail-like - Price - average - Usefullness - UNK - parts were missing - TERRIBLE shipping preparation -LRB- that is why it got 1 star -RRB- The reason for the 1 star ? For something this expensive , you might think they would take care in shipping it . It actually looked like it had been a previous return . The packaging was only partially closed , and one side had a tear more than 3/4 way up that someone attempted to tape up . The top and bottom openings were OPEN , and the extensions rattling around in it -LRB- I was honestly surprised they made it -RRB- . Once I got it open , it was immediately clear that critical parts were missing -LRB- extension pins and the stoppers -LRB- all four -RRB- that are supposed to hold it to the walls , and a couple of the corners looked roughed up from being on an open corner where it was dragged around -LRB- presumeably in transport -RRB- . I do n't think this is Amazon 's doing , but the manufacturer from where it comes -LRB- but I could be wrong - it is hard to tell from the description -RRB- . What a major pain to have to ship it back . I actually tried to tape all the openings really well for the return since I did n't think they would ship it as it was without more secure fastenings -LRB- again , how this made it through UPS without them stopping it at the door for poor packaging is beyond me -RRB- . Incredibly disappointed that this was actually sold as a legitimate ` new item ' to a customer . If I could , I would tell Amazon to stop supporting this manufacturer -LRB- or store if that is the case -RRB- . It makes then seem really fly by night . I returned it very recently for a refund -LRB- thank god for Amazon 's pre-printed return labels ! -RRB- . If I have any problems there , I will update this though .
 So . . My wife and i had tried out the Summer Extra Tall gate and were underwhelmed by the limitations and i was disappointed by the narrowness of the walkthru part of the gate.With that said , we opted to try the Kidco Extra Tall -LRB- extra tall so cats cant jump over -RRB- . . Numerous great reviews prompted us to give it a try.Value
 This breast pump initially was wonderful . And then two months later , it lost suction . I still have a couple of months of breastfeeding to go , and will need another breastpump . With products as sorry as this one , I do n't see how Medela has such a good reputation .
 I used this pump less than 10 times with my first child and just got it out to use with my second since I 'm engorged and found out the motor is broken . I 'm very disappointed since I trusted the Medela name . If I could afford it , I 'd replace it with the Pump-in-Style , but unfortunately , I 'll have to try a manual pump .
 The double pump is really slow even when plugged in . Using both pumps does not have the force as just using one of the pumps so unless you are really full , do n't count getting much . I used this only occasionally and it stopped working in not even three months . For the price I paid , I am extremely disappointed .
 It took me forever to get this product but when I got it it did the job . The suction power is good and it does the job well . I am overall happy with the product but I did not use it as much as I thought I would .
 I bought the Medela pump thinking it was a good quality pump as well ; however after only 3 months of use the suction was not working at all . I 'm looking for a new replacement now . Do n't invest money in this expensive pump .
 My husband purchased this breast pump for me with good intentions . We did n't want to spend the $ 300 on the better model , and thought that Medela 's name would guarantee a good product . We were wrong ! Like the other reviews state , the pump is great for about two months . Then , the suction is gone . I do n't understand how Medela can offer such a poor quality pump . Also , it is difficult to hold two pumps at once , and really does n't save much time at all . If you must have a cheaper pump , do n't buy this one , get the single .
 I wish I had read these reviews before I bought the pump . When my baby was born , I was overwhelmed with so much stuff , I thought if I bought a Medela , that would be one thing I would n't have to worry about . I loved this pump -LRB- pumping about once a day -RRB- for about 4 months , and then like everyone else , it completely lost suction . I was on my first weekend away from the baby , and had to quit breastfeeding because I dried up without my pump -LRB- not to mention the pain -RRB- . I tried using the manual one , but it did n't work . I thought I did something wrong , but I guess that 's just the nature of this pump . I am very disappointed .
 I hated this pump . I wasted my $ on it and ended up buying a PIS anyways .
 I could go into a long explanation of how I searched and did tons of research before buying an occasional use pump for myself , who is a stay at home mom . I could explain in detail about everything I did to try and get this pump to work , in the meantime before figuring out the motor was not working , of how I was freaking out my supply was dwindling so I went out to buy fenugreek ... But , suffice it to say , the motor lasted me 3 months of once , twice a week useage . It did n't completely die , which is why it took me a while to figure it out , but after paying attention , I could see the vaccum losing more and more power until when I could n't even get a quarter ounce from one side and I was nearly engorged . . !!! At least Medela is shipping me out a new motor , this one I hope will at least last longer . Especially since my warranty runs out in 2 months -LRB- 6 month total warranty - which to me is too little for a product that costs over $ 100 !! -RRB- Even though I 'm staying at home and only use the pump occasionally , I wish I 'd just spent the extra $ 150 and gotten a Pump in Style !
 I bought this pump the day I was discharged from the hospital -LRB- 12/11/05 -RRB- . I have used it on a part time basis since I am staying home and nurse directly . However , the motor broke and could n't pump anymore . My baby is only 5 months and this pump already broke . I have only used it during nights to keep a storage for my baby . I was lucky to call Medela on time since this pump is still under its 6 month warranty period so I could get my money back .
 I purchased this pump with my first pregnancy and it worked great . With my second pregnancy a year later , it lost suction right away and was worthless to me . I tried all the trouble shooting suggestions , cleaning with warm water , alcohol etc , but nothing brought the suction back . I contacted the company , but they suggested I buy a new pump - I suggest spending the extra money on the Pump in Style from the beginning .
 I am a stay at home mom and nurse my baby most of the time . I pump once a day . I loved this pump at first but it lost suction in only 21/2 months . When I pump I can only get half what I used to .
 i thought it was awesome at first then 2 & 1/2 months later it stop suking and i could only get an ounce out i used my manual one my babies only 3 months and im without a breast pump
 Do n't waste your money ! My pump does n't even work ! I have not even been able to use it at all . I bought it only because I love my big Medela . It just does not work at all . There is barely any suction . I have not even been able to get out an ounce . In fact , I have to use my manual one instead . I am so unhappy with it and ca n't even get my money back because of health issues .
 only recieved the carrycot portion , then nearly a mth later recieved the bottom half , after talking to 25 reps from amazon in the phillipines and 10 in the states , im so frustrated , i finally got the all the parts and i am dissapointed with the product , its hard to assemble and and not practical , im dreading trying to return the product for $ 600 i expected alot more ,
 I purchased this newborn system -LRB- which is supposed to include the fastfold stroller and the carrycot -RRB- on a `` deal of the day '' special for $ 349 , which is half the price it 's listed at normally -LRB- $ 699 -RRB- . All I got was the carrycot . I had customer service call me , and talked to a nice , but hard to understand lady who said she 'd send out the correct one right away and the UPS guy would take away the old one ... a week later ... no stroller , nothing ... Had Amazon call me again , this time a man who did n't speak very good English , who kept reassuring me that he put a note in that they should send the stroller with the carrycot . No such luck , just got my second carrycot , no stroller included . Again , today spoke to another customer service rep who hardly spoke English at all , who said his supervisor would call me as soon as he got off a call ... That was 2.5 hrs ago , and no call , still . So I had customer service call again , and finally got an English speaker who said she 's sending out the right thing ... If they mess it up again , Amazon 's policy is to just refund the $ $ after the item is returned . So I will get $ 349 back , and can not get another newborn system for that price anywhere , even ebay ... SOOO frustrating ! Amazon needs to really KNOW what they 're selling and they need customer service reps who know English and are n't just reading a script of what to say .
 First off , do n't buy this from the company listed . I bought the EXACT same unit from Sam 's Club for $ 149.99 . I brought it home and it does do exactly what it says , but the motor is really noisey -LRB- in the room and through the speaker on the handset -RRB- . The camera piece is also huge . I mean there is no hiding this thing.The handset feels cheap and is all plastic . The screen is ok , but I really did n't see much color in it , even in fully lit room.Summary
 I bought this monitor because I like the features it had . I does not work with batteries . I installed brand new batteries twice and the thing didnt work for more than a day . I do n't know if its just a defect or it sucks up too much evergy . I have to plug it in , which defeats the purpose because I wanted to take it around with me , especially outside . It also make to much noise , too much interference and the sound quality is not good . I can barely hear my son cry over the interfernce . I can only use it pugged in , and only to see of he is standing up in his crib . Every other feature does not work . Not worth the money at all !!!
 At first we were very happy with those diaper covers but with time we grew more and more disappointed and now I can not imagine a worse cover!Why we do n't like them :1 -RRB- The biggest problem for us is that the velcro tab always scratches the gentle skin of our baby , so we always have to put a body on our girl and make sure the tabs are as far from the skin as possible . I tried to fix the problem myself by cutting and sewing the edges , but the material is just too rough and keeps on cutting into the skin of our daughter . Sometimes the scratches are so deep that the blood comes out !!! 2 -RRB- Approx after 3 months of intensive use the velcro tabs stopped sticking together ! So they still scratch our baby but they dont hold the diaper closed ! 3 -RRB- They leak ! They do n't hold more than 1 pee . They get completely soaked easily and the clothes get all wet as well!They do have some positive sides I must admit :1 -RRB- They are soft and breathable , we never had a problem with Alida having a diaper rash or `` green house '' moisture effect on her skin .2 -RRB- they fit great over fitted diapers and are very trim .3 -RRB- the sizing is very `` strechable '' . Since our daughter was 2 months we have used only NewBorn and Small size covers till this day -LRB- she is 7 months now -RRB- . The newborn cover still fits her ok -LRB- Alida weighs 8 kg now -RRB- . so there ARE some positive sides , but this scratching issue + the fact that they do n't last more than 4 months -LRB- the tabs stop sticking -RRB- made us completely unsatisfied with the product . We move on to Thirsties Duo and Gen-Y covers .
 At first we were very happy with those diaper covers but with time we grew more and more disappointed and now I can not imagine a worse cover!Why we do n't like them :1 -RRB- The biggest problem for us is that the velcro tab always scratches the gentle skin of our baby , so we always have to put a body on our girl and make sure the tabs are as far from the skin as possible . I tried to fix the problem myself by cutting and sewing the edges , but the material is just too rough and keeps on cutting into the skin of our daughter . Sometimes the scratches are so deep that the blood comes out !!! 2 -RRB- Approx after 3 months of intensive use the velcro tabs stopped sticking together ! So they still scratch our baby but they dont hold the diaper closed ! 3 -RRB- They leak ! They do n't hold more than 1 pee . They get completely soaked easily and the clothes get all wet as well!They do have some positive sides I must admit :1 -RRB- They are soft and breathable , we never had a problem with Alida having a diaper rash or `` green house '' moisture effect on her skin .2 -RRB- they fit great over fitted diapers and are very trim .3 -RRB- the sizing is very `` strechable '' . Since our daughter was 2 months we have used only NewBorn and Small size covers till this day -LRB- she is 7 months now -RRB- . The newborn cover still fits her ok -LRB- Alida weighs 8 kg now -RRB- . so there ARE some positive sides , but this scratching issue + the fact that they do n't last more than 4 months -LRB- the tabs stop sticking -RRB- made us completely unsatisfied with the product . We move on to Thirsties Duo and Gen-Y covers .
 These sheets are super cute , but so stiff and not soft at all . My 3 year old son told me he did n't want to sleep on them anymore because they were `` too noisy and hard '' . I washed them a few times and it got minimally better . The company was very understanding , but I would not recommend these particular sheets at all . I have gotten other sheets from olive kids that were great , maybe this was a bad batch or something but it was too stiff .
 We bought this for our 1-year-old son , because we were going to do a space theme in his room for Christmas . I got them today , thinking I would have time to wash them before we gave them to him so that he could use them right away . When I took them out , they were stiff as the other reviewers said , and had a chemical smell . My husband and I thought they would improve in the wash , so I put them in . One wash later , and they feel like burlap . Seriously , for $ 65 , you are n't expecting dollar-store quality . Now , since we ca n't send them back , the only thing to do is try to wash and wash them with fabric softener to see if they will soften up . These were so terrible , they made me itch taking them from the dryer to my bedroom to fold them . That 's terrible for a little one 's bedding . Save your money . I wish I had . What a rip-off .
 What a disappointment ! For the amount of money I spent on this bedding set , it was soo not worth it ! The bedding does n't fit by son 's toddler bed very well - it works , but ends up pretty short on the sides . The worst of it is the material . I would think toddler bedding would be nice , soft and snuggly , but this is not that . It is hard and scratchy and the comforter is so stiff ! If I must say one positive , my son likes the outer space pictures on it .
 Would have been better to tell the buyers that product for baby No kids Or inform at least the age specified for the use of , I bought 2 product to my children and They are over the age of 6 years.Unfortunately I 'm very upset
 I used this to travel from Boston to Dallas . It fit great and I was very excited to have both my child and my suitcase rolling with one hand . However , it was SO inconvenient when going through security . I had to unlatch it from the bag and then re-latch after all the hoops they make you jump through these days while holding my 9 month old . Then , when I gate-checked it , they would n't give me my bag back with the carseat when changing planes because `` they are n't allowed to return baggage '' . !? Maybe it was just the airline I flew -LRB- Midwest -RRB- but I imagine it 's probably similar on most airlines . So , I had to carry my baby through the airport . It would have been better to bring a real stroller and just check everything -LRB- which I did on our next trip -RRB- . So , do n't do this unless you know for sure you can have it back when changing planes . If you are n't changing planes you still have to re-latch it after exiting the plane which is a pain b/c you have 200 people exiting with you and you want to bend down and configure a carseat onto a carry on bag with a baby/toddler in tow.It was a real bummer .
 I could n't figure out how to use this contraption . It 's not worth the money for what you get . I just ended up with the car seat on top of the luggage .
 I listened to the postive reviews instead of the negative ones and bought this overpriced thing . It is n't as easy as described and has been awkward to use in the trial run at home so I 'm not going to bother using it at the airport . YOU BUY CHEAP , YOU GET CHEAP ! I 'm going to break down and spend the money to get the sit n stroll carseat/stroller . I really wish I had listened to the negative reveiws which turned out the be the accurate ones for me .
 I did not feel that there were enough directions as to how to attach the product . I was unable to make it work . The idea sounds good .
 this item really does not work with a regular -LRB- Evenflo , LATCH -RRB- car seat . The car seat needs to be equipped with all kind of additional straps . in the end , we ended up using a piece of rope
 This is a very poorly designed product . It does not work well at all . We have returned this . My husband bought some materials from a home materials store and made an absolutely great one for less than $ 3.00 . This is a horrible product . Either save your money and make your own -LRB- not hard at all -RRB- or else spend the money on a better design .
 Works fine , but be prepared to be disappointed with what gets shipped to you . I 'm all for rewarding innovative products and the investment in idea and prototyping , but this is ridiculous . It probably cost less than a buck to make!Also , i should have frankly thought it thru more . The time you will actually be able to strap your kids seat to your baggage will be minimal . For me it would be the distance between the kerb and check-in , about 200yrs ... not worth it frankly . After that , the seat is usually on my back like a backpack as we battle security ... hey keeps the chiropractic industry going right !!!! Do yourself a favor and put your $ 20 to better use .
 We needed to transport 2 suitcases , a diaper bag , camera case , a stroller , 2 car seats , a 3 year old , and a 9 month old to/from airplane/car and with only 2 adults , I was n't sure how we 'd manage it . I saw this and thought it would be perfect to strap one of the car seats onto the larger suitcase and have the 3 year old ride in it . I read the reviews and saw someone said they just used a strap and got some other piece from the hardware store and did it themselves . Being frugal , I figured I could do the same thing but could n't quite envision what the other person was doing . We ended up using a cargo strap and it worked out great ! My son loved riding in his seat through the airport and we managed to get everything to/from airplane/cars without an issue.I gave it 2 stars just for the idea .
 In concept I thought that this would be a great item to have . I was planning on traveling from Virginia to Oregon -LRB- with a layover in ATL -RRB- with a 15 month old and a 21/2 year old - by myself . I thought I would be able to strap the carseat to the carry on . I did not plan on having my son in the carseat while strapped to the suitcase . Once I received the strap thing I realized that there was NO way it would work on a carry on . The suitcase would have to be at a huge angle in order for the carseat to not drag on the floor . Waste of money .
 Our 2-year old needed his car seat on the plane to Grandma 's for Thanksgiving , and after the previous trip I was n't going to try to wrestle carry on , diaper bag , jackets & car seat through the airport on the busiest travel day . Ordered this to make life easier , it worked okay , but there are some things to be aware of .1 . Check your LATCH attachments . We have aEvenflo Symphony Convertible Car Seat with SureLATCH - Northbayand the ratcheting type attachment on this seat did n't work well with the attachment points provided on the strap .2 . Our carry on is not as wide as some , so the seat did n't really have a lot to sit on -LRB- that plus 3-1-1 toiletries in the outer pocket gave it a bulge right in the middle of the seat back -RRB- , so it swayed and flopped around . The 2-year old was in his stroller , so it was n't an issue except banging into things and people on the day before Thanksgiving.In short , it makes life easier for the parent who deals with the bags , but I would n't put my son in it .
 Sounds like a great idea , until you look at the Safety Warning
 The concept is great-simple and easy . But the strap did not wrap around our suitcase-it just did not fit our Britax carseat So , we invented our own with a booster seat strap and clipped it in place-no problem . Amazon as always was great in providing a full refund .
 I bought this for my grandson . He is only two but this item did not work for him . His mother tried to use it to help her get through the air port . Unfortunately , she was unable to move the suitcase with the car seat attached and ended up having to carry the car seat in her hand while holding her toddler 's hand and also toting a 7 mth old in a sling . They need to put in their ad that their is a weight limit so someone else does not waste their money as I did .
 Ok its not the worse idea ever , but seriously be careful with your luggage as it may damage it . I followed the directions carefully and placed it on a high quality Samsonite suitcase with telescopic handle . We have a Britax Marathon child car seat . The weight of the chair combined with the weight of the full suitcase , plus the weight of the child -LRB- 27 lbs -RRB- resulted in completely damaged suitcase . The telescopic handle was bent to such a degree that it would not go back into the suitcase . This happened at the beginning of a 5 week trip across Europe . As you can imagine this resulted in a huge problem as we were unable to return the handle to its `` inside the bag '' position as we boarded planes , trains , cars , etc. . Keep in mind that we had a high quality , sturdy luggage too . I think most regular or cheapy luggages would have broken the handle completely off . Dont bother with this . I suggest you buy yourself a wheelie carrier for your car seat and then push you child this way instead of trying to do an all-in-one seat/child/luggage combo .
 Our car seat and rolling suitcase were within the product 's specs but the car seat frequently scraped the floor . We followed the instructions to the letter and we tightened the LATCH straps as far as they would go , but the seat was still quite wobbly . I would n't dream of using it as a stroller . On the return trip , we simply gave up and hand-carried the car seat through the airport , which was no picnic when we already had two young children and other carry-ons to deal with .
 I 'm giving this product two stars just for the concept alone . I read previous reviews here and thought this would be the solution to traveling with a toddler in an airport/airplane . Wrong ! It was such a hassle having to un-strap the carseat at security , strap it back on , and then having to un-strap it again at the gate ! I guess this product would be `` great '' if you 're not traveling alone with your child . This contraption was such a pain to deal with . I recommend getting a sturdy carseat bag and putting the carseat in that , and using an umbrella stroller to get around the airport .
 I am sure this product works great if you have an upright toddler car seat -LRB- like the one shown in the photo -RRB- . If you have an infant car seat however -LRB- we have the Graco Snugride 32 -RRB- , it will not work . The Accessory needs three latch clips to secure it to the suitcase , which the Graco does not have . It only has two latch clips that clip it into the base of the car 's back seat . Unfortunately , none of the documentation mentions this important fact ! We can probably rig it to still put the car seat on a rolling suitcase just so we do n't have to carry it through the airport , but no way would I do that with my child in it , as it would not be properly secured to the suitcase . Bottom line , if traveling with an infant seat that only has two latch clips , do n't bother with this product.Update - the commenters who commented on my review make good points
 Product did not fit my carry on luggage and so it ended up being a waste of money . We had to use bungee cords instead to attach the car seat , but my son couldnt sit in it . Probably better to attach the car seat to a stroller and then gate check the stroller . The Childress stroller bag was easy to use , so that 's probably what we will do next time .
 I just returned from my first vacation with my 20-month-old and this seemed like a great way to carry her Britax car seat through the airport and onto the plane , but using it was a complete pain . Hawaiian airlines requires that all carry-on bags be weighed so I had to take her out of the car seat , unhook this strap and detach the car seat from my carry-on bag so it could be weighed . Then put the whole thing back together again so I could wheel her though the airport . I had to repeat this process at the security line too . It was not fun at all . Next time I 'm trying the straps that convert the car seat into a backpack and will bring her stroller . This thing is going in the trash .
 I bought this for a Thanksgiving trip . The shipping was good , and the item itself was a bit smaller than I expected -LRB- it 's just a T-shaped strap inside a small box , about 1 inch x 1 inch x 4 inches -RRB- . I 've never used the latch system on my car seat before , and it took me about 20 minutes to find the latch system and figure out how to attach everything correctly.The problem with this is that it broke our suitcases . On the way to our destination I strapped our carseat with baby to my $ 100 Kirkland roller carry-on suitcase -LRB- which I 'd used for a long time with no problems and is fairly sturdy -RRB- . It was fine at the departing airport , but after we arrived and set it up , about 30 feet from the gate the suitcase wheel broke . The suitcase wheel appeared to have a sort of plastic casing that just split right down the middle and broke , and we could no longer move that suitcase.Thinking that maybe it was the fault of the plastic , we moved the strap and carseat + baby to my wife 's roller suitcase , which is a $ 200 Samsonite suitcase that 's fairly high quality and has a kind of rubbery wheel which looks relatively indestructible . This worked for getting to our destination and on the first part of the way back , but when we arrived back at our home airport , the strap + carseat actually managed to crack the casing area connecting the wheels on my wife 's suitcase and broke that suitcase too -LRB- we can no longer drag it because of the dead casing/wheel -RRB- . We had to hand-carry the carseat , suitcase , and baby the rest of the way back to our car.The strap looks nice in theory , but in practice it applies way too much pressure to the suitcases and can probably break the wheel or casing on any suitcase . I thought that bringing our own carseat and buying this $ 14 strap would save us money from having to rent a carseat with our rental car at our destination , but instead it ended up costing us a lot more money in broken suitcases.Would NOT recommend !
 The thing about this strap is that it uses the latch system on the car seat . So you have to adjust for the suitcase . Then adjust for the car . Then adjust for the suitcase again . I am travelling alone with my son . There is no way one person can work this . So unless your going to be traveling with someone I do not recommend it at all .
 Great idea but needs altering . I would just use a click-locking tiedown strap instead . It would go tighter than this device I actually bought . The carseat would just barely drag on the ground when connected to the carry on . I had the anchors and latch as tight as they would go but it still was n't tight enough from keeping the carseat from touching the ground unless you had the bag tilted so much that your back was breaking from your hand almost touching the ground . My husband just ended up carrying the carseat by hand the whole time !
 This does not work with the Britax Advocate . The straps are too long and it does n't tighten enough . It would work if it was an actual suitcase but not a carryon type suitcase . You can save yourself the money and just buy a metal ring . We used that to attach the latch and tether strap . I used a ring off an old purse . Save your money and buy a metal ring .
 I was hopeful , even after reading some of the negative reviews - however , this just did n't cut it for our needs . I 'm not upset by the purchase -LRB- it 's not that expensive -RRB- but I 'll probably never use it again.I got this strap in hopes to avoid bringing a stroller -LRB- save space -RRB- , but also enable us to use my 15 month old 's car seat once we reached our destination . To put it plainly , we only used the strap for 1/4 of our airport adventures : - -LRB- First , even after reading other reviews , we intended to use the strap to transport our daughter from the car to the gate . Meaning , I needed to attach the car seat to our carry-on , not larger luggage , which was not recommended by other reviewers . I should also mention that my daughter is still a lap child , so I never intended to use the car seat on the plane.My daughter LOVED riding in her seat around our house and through the airport ... BUT , after we strolled her from car to check in , detached and reattached for security and were 1/2 way to our gate I noticed that the wheels of our small carry-on luggage were vibrating badly & had become very hot ! Issues on our end
 Good concept and would have worked good , if it was n't too short . Could n't hook up the anchor straps because it was n't long enough and this was on only a medium size suitcase . Would modify it if we did n't loose it after 10 minutes of our first use . Instead we 'll me making out own versus spending another $ 12 .
 With all the rave reviews , I figured this was the product for us . Boy was I mistaken . I read most reviews and tried all the tricks , suit case was full and it never was tight enough . I have a Britax Roundabout 55 and was using a 20 '' carry on bag . After several attempts , it still was not working . We ended up not bringing any car seats , rented them from the car place and worked like a charm . I do not think it would have been wise trying to push this through the airport .
 If you are looking for something quick and easy to use this isnt it . Bought this for my last trip to FL and ended up giving up !!
 Unless you have a very sturdy carry-on -LRB- and I mean VERY sturdy -RRB- , this item will ruin your luggage.The idea is good , but car seats with kids on them tend to be quite heavy , and our 80 $ samsonite carry-on was almost ruined after using this for a couple of hours . The wheels buckled outwards because of the weight added , and even after unstrapping them , it would n't run as smooth anymore . I guess luggage are designed to withstand a certain load in them , and adding that much unbalanced weight can make them fail , which is what ended up happening.It is also expensive for what it is . You can mimic the same behaviour by just getting a ring , and strapping the car seat hooks on it -LRB- 2 sides , and top hooks used to lock the car seat in position in the car -RRB- . I give it 2 stars for the idea . It might work to just move your car seat around and not have to carry it , but definitely not with a toddler in it -LRB- my daughter was only 1 when we tried this -RRB- .
 This is just a strap that wraps around the piece of luggage and the carseat . I do n't know any pieces of luggage that will withstand the weight of a carseat with a child in it , along with the weight of whatever is in the luggage . Not to mention the level of trust that you would have to have in this little strap in order to use it to carry your children around . This thing is just about useless .
 I was careless when I looked at the picture of this item on the website in that I thought it was a full roller that carried the car seat . It is not ; it is merely a strapping mechanism to attach to a rolling piece of carry-on luggage , which I do n't think is necessarily practical depending upon the type of carry-on luggage . Instead we got a Go-Go Baby roller device , which is like a luggage roller , which is more expensive , but works very well . I am returning the Toddler Car Seat Travel Accessory .
 Yesterday , I ordered the traveling toddler online through Amazon . It was shipping from Happy Mothers , so I went on their site to track it . When I did , I realized they were sending me a completely different item ! One called the Tote-a-tot , which looks like a cheaper version of the same idea , with some kind of back pack thing . I had to call Happy Mothers , and then they had to manually adjust my order so that I would get the correct item . Now , it will take 6-7 days just for them to ship the correct item . Hopefully , I 'll get the correct one !
 I thought this was a great idea and was glad to find an alternative to a 200 dollar car seat stroller device . However , this was quite a disappointment . It was pretty unstable even though I tightened it as far as it would go . It also broke my suitcase . It was n't a cheap suitcase either but it broke the wheels off anyway . I ended up having to drag my daughter and suitcase around the airport on the last leg of our 16 hour trip . I was traveling alone so it sucked big time .
 I showed my husband the picture of this item because I thought it looked pretty darn smart . Well , two minutes later he had the carseat attached to the rolling carry on WITHOUT an added purchased strap . You still use the seat hooks from your car seat - both side clips and the top clip . Put the top car seat hook under the top handle of your luggage & the side ones simply around the sides of the luggage . Buy a $ 0.50 metal ring from a hardware store & clip the car seat hooks to it & tighten all straps . Voila ! We tested it with our kiddo in it & she giggled as we wheeled her around the house . Perfect . Now I can easily transport my kid , carry on luggage & the car seat while I travel with her solo . Super easy to detach and reattach while my child is sitting in the seat buckled in -LRB- not running around the airport ;-RRB- Luggage must be full -LRB- duh -RRB- and helps if your carry on has larger wheels & a longer handle , mine does n't but still super easy .
 Oh where do I begin ? I had the worst traveling experience of my life trying to use this product . I was traveling by myself with a one year old from Bangkok to San Francisco , where we had to change planes in Tokyo . The one year old was the easy part ... the hard part was getting through all of the security check points and trying to wrangle this contraption to make it work along the way . By the time I got on the first plane I was in tears.First you have to lay your bag our on the ground to attach the seat . Then the toddler ca n't actually be sitting in the seat when you attach it because you need to get behind the padding and everything to guide the straps through . So you are wrestling with your roller bag on the ground while the toddler is well , toddling all over the place.Then you get to security and have to take everything apart and do it all again ... . While your toddler is roaming free , willy-nilly and everyone is looking on in disbelief at this ridiculous system you are struggling with . Next you will be lucky if you can get the bag and the car seat down the aisle of the airplane ... if you ca n't what are you supposed to do with a 20 pound kid , a 20 pound seat , a roller bag , and the diaper bag ... . more crying ... Then when you land you have to take your toddler out of the seat again and try to wrestle the whole contraption back together on the floor of the plane . Luckily we were in the bulkhead , otherwise there is no way on this green earth that you would have enough space anywhere to do this . Do n't forget that the toddler has wandered off while you are trying to accomplish this feat . Not only that , but to prevent my daughter from wandering off while I was making a fool of myself with this thing I put her in a plane seat . Next thing I knew she had done a face plant on the floor and had a bloody nose , all while I was trying to use this horrible system.Then you get off the plane , go to the next security checkpoint and do it all again . By the time I actually got off the plane -LRB- last one off every time -RRB- in San Francisco I was truly living every parents ' nightmare of traveling alone with a kid . All the while my actual kid was great , but this thing really REALLY only works in theory.It also does n't hold things together very securely . I , like other reviewers was worried about that too.Once I got to the hotel I wanted to have a ceremonial burning of the wretched device ... . instead I `` accidentally '' left it under the bed . Holiday Inn near Fisherman 's Wharf for those of you who thought this system worked out so good .
 We got this as well as a car seat bag with wheels . I was not going to pay $ 200 for a car seat/stroller combo , so we picked 2 alternatives . I was hoping that the Traveling Toddler would be great , but I found that it too much torque and stress on the suitcase . To add the weight of my car seat -LRB- a Britax -RRB- and my 22 pound 1 year old was just too much weight for the handle of the suitcase . It felt awkward and unstable . The physics of it just did not work . So , we put the seat in a bag with wheels and dragged it behind us . The bag was also better for our trip because we fly stand-by and wait and see what seats are left . There was no more window seats available on one of our flights , so we gate checked the seat and I was happy to know that it was protected .
 This product works as stated -LRB- Britax Marathon , inexpensive rolling suitcase -RRB- . It would work very well under the following conditions :1 -RRB- You are traveling with one small child only and at least one other adult .2 -RRB- You do not travel by air often enough to warrant purchasing the stroller attachment for the carseat.We purchased this product as we had planned a trip with our two year old daughter who needed to be in her own seat on the plane and decided bringing her carseat was the best way to keep her contained . My husband and I used it with our daughter 's Britax Marathon , a relatively inexpensive suitcase , and our 25 pound two year old . After a little practice at home we could use the LATCH system quickly and confidently to attach the suitcase to the carseat and our daughter enjoyed riding in it through the airport . We even balanced our infant 's carseat between the stroller and Britax before checking it.The problem was logistic - once you get to the gate you have to unhook the thing and maneuver onto the plane with a toddler , a carry-on suitcase , and a giant carseat , and then do it all in reverse after you land . If you have two adults and one child this is probably do-able . If you 're traveling by yourself or with a second child , you 'll likely have difficulties.As we travel by air quite a bit I believe we will bite the bullet and purchase a stroller specifically for her carseat and pay to check our luggage . Sometimes its worth it to pay for convenience .
 This item was simple enough to use , but the effectiveness was anything but worthwhile . Our `` normal '' sized carry-on was packed full , but with the baby in the carseat , it was very difficult to use . The seat would tilt or scrape the ground , despite endless adjustments of strap lengths/positioning . On our slightly smaller carry-on , the item just did n't work . The carseat would just scrape the floor . It 's worth avoiding the mental frustration these things can cause and just renting your seat at your destination , or just checking the things in ...
 point blank :2 plastic adjuster buckle thingees broke in the airport while i was traveling alone with my active toddlernightmare ... spend the money on the wheels
 i bought this hoping it would make traveling from bwi to houston easier with just me and a 2 year old . it was a nightmare . i ca n't really blame this strap , but it is not very long and you have to tilt the arm very far down to walk when using it so it 's impossible to walk comfortably . also , in the pic it shows pushing the seat like a cart , in reality you have to drag it behind you because when you exert that much force to push suitcase , seat and child , the handle automatically slides back into the luggage . i would n't recommend this for anyone traveling alone . pulling that around is a job all on its own .
 great idea but wiggle everywhere when I attach the car seat . Even the most strong carry on still ca n't make it stable enough
 I bought this to use on our recent Spring Break vacation . I 'm a big baby travel gadget fan and own lots of various types of car seat carrier accessories bought from here and places like One Step Ahead . I was really excited about this after reading the rave reviews on Amazon . We did not intend to use this to carry my 9 month old ; we only meant to use it to carry the car seat since I carry the baby on me with a baby carrier . Well , after using it on our last trip -LRB- from Chicago to Southern California and back -RRB- , my husband refused to use it at the end , preferring to hand carry the Britax Roundabout . Why ? Because the horizontal straps -LRB- imagine the top horizontal line of the `` T '' -RRB- -- the one with a ring on each end -- is just a bit too short . We had two rolling carry-on size suitcases , an American Tourister with an expandable top that could add another three inches and a Samsonite . My husband had pulled the latch straps on the car seat out as far as they 'd extend . No matter how he tugged things the Traveling Toddler straps -LRB- the side with two rings that goes around the body of the suitcase to hook onto each side of the carseat latch hook -RRB- was just a bit too short for the American Tourister -- presumably because the expandable top portion added another 1/2 inch or so in width , even though we had it zipped up to the smallest size . With the Samsonite , it was so snug that it 'd take a good 5 minutes sometimes just for him to hook the straps on , and that is after doing a lot of adjustment and struggle . So imagine my husband 's frustration with this each time we had to unhook and hook it -- after removal of the luggage from the shuttle/car into the airport , going through security , leaving security and going to the gate , getting on the plane -LRB- because it was tough to pull the carseat down the narrow aisles -RRB- , off the plane gangway , etc. . I told him I 'll try to find some sort of extension or maybe try using some keychain rings to hook onto the D ring to extend the straps for our next trip ; until then , he said we 're not using this anymore . Seriously , for the price of this simple -LRB- but clever -RRB- contraption you 'd think the maker could have made the straps a bit longer to accommodate thicker carry-on suitcases and car seats with shorter latch straps ! The latch straps can always be adjusted to be a bit shorter/tighter , so it ca n't be a matter of safety to not add a bit more length -- even an inch would have helped -- to this Traveling Toddler strap . Right now I can not recommend this for anyone with a big carseat like the Britax Roundabout or anyone with a carryon suitcase that is not on the thinner side . I gave this two stars because it deserves one star for the idea and another star for the fact that when we were able to squeeze one onto to the Samsonite , it was great to roll the carseat around instead of carrying it on our backs -LRB- via one of those backpack carseat carriers -RRB- or carrying it in another big bag -LRB- since we already has so many bags/cases -RRB- .
 We recently bought two of these to use with our Britax Marathon car seats . The seats were swinging all over the place , no matter how much we readjusted the strap . Work so-so with no kids in the car seats -LRB- thank goodness we also brought a double stroller -RRB- , but basically unusable with a child in the car seat .
 The box itself is beautiful , but the hinge already broke . Beware !!!!!!!!!!!!!! It broke and hit my son in the head . Poor thing has a huge bump !
 2 of 2 related reviews , hence the `` too . '' Very cute , poorly manufactured . Bought three items in the set , in all a nightmare . The toy chest is a hazard . Inside of 6 weeks , the `` safety '' hinge deformed and broke -LRB- fortunately as I was operating it and not our children -RRB- . It was probably not opened/closed more that two dozen times . Have glued some padding to the corners of the lid and the sides such that there is now a quarter inch gap so if one of my 3 or 5 yr olds do drop it -LRB- it is heavy , too heavy for the hinge -RRB- it does n't sever their fingers . I do foresee a few owies , I pray not an emergency room visit . This item , like its siblings , was slightly damaged in shipping , it was dropped on an edge . Drawer chest arrived late , damaged , and the manufacturer did not accept responsibility . Additional defects identified upon assembly . See full story at this link.Room Magic Natural 5 Drawer Chest , Magic Garden . The `` best '' item in the set is the bed , on it 's own merits probably 3 starsRoom Magic Twin Bed , Magic Garden Natural . Only a minor issue , one of the allen bolt sockets in the foot rail was n't drilled straight , took three tries to get that bolt in , fortunately I did because it then split . Ca n't ever take that piece apart apart , but it seems it should hold . It too arrived late because it was shipped to a nearby business on a palette and it took a week to get it back from them . DO NOT purchase these items , very disappointing for the money paid . They are poorly designed , even dangerous , and though some of it is real wood most of it is particle board or plasticized artificial wood .
 The price was great . However these are very bad for compatibility , and they are very leaky . Even on Evenflow bottles these leaked liked crazy . I ended up throwing these away after two weeks trying to find the right combo that did n't drench my kids neck . I tried evenflow , medela , gerber , and parents choice bottles . LEAKED In all of them . This is a great price for nipples , and you might think you should stockpile -LRB- I did , I bought a dozen -RRB- but it 's not worth it , you get what you pay for . My choice for standard nipples is Playtex ventaire nipples . Since we began using those nipples NO LEAKS . In fact , we noticed no gas too , we switched to using almost allPlaytex VentAire Advanced Standard Bottles 9-Ounce , 3 Pack -LRB- Colors Vary -RRB- as our main bottle . The nipple ring is tight and the nipple is stiff , the bottle design prevents nipple collapse and makes airflow work in the perfect combo so that he never got a gassy tummy again . Spend the money , buy the good stuff .
 The flow on these is definitely not slow compared to other brands . If you fill them with water and hold them upside down you can see the drops pour out too quickly . I noticed the problem when my baby started gagging on the milk and it was dripping out of his mouth . I 'll put them in storage for a few months , I guess .
 I have the nipples given to us in the hospital and they are slow flow . These nipples allow milk to flow out when the bottle is upside down unlike the other slow flows I have .
 Flow is still too fast for my new born baby -LRB- compare to Dr. Brown nipples -RRB- .
 Like a couple other reviewers have pointed out , these nipples do n't really flow slowly . Our baby glugs down the contents of his bottle in what feels like under a minute , and then ends up spitting everything up . I also held 3 of the nipples under a trickle of water from the faucet to see what happens - not only do all of them leak out of the tip right away , they leak at different rates , so it does n't seem like this company has very good quality control standards -LRB- one nipple had giant drops that came out maybe 2 per second , another had smaller drops that were about 4 per second -RRB- . We are combining breastfeeding with bottle feeding and these nipples do not come close to emulating breastfeeding . We just ordered a Nuk and will see how that goes ... will try and remember to update this .
 I was disappointed to find the milk literally shooting out of these nipples ! I wanted the slowest possible flow for my breastfed baby so he would n't get lazy with the bottle . These may as well have been fast flow . I tried every one in the package and even gave them a second chance over a year later and got another package . Same problem . Very disappointing since I 'm not sure where to find other nipples that will fit the glass bottles I prefer .
 I tested mine with water before giving to my baby , and when I turned the bottle upside down , it is a straight flow , no drops , just a long straight flow . It is faster than the fast flow . This is ridiculous . I am returning this to the store . I recommend always checking before giving to your baby . He would have definitely chocked on this . I do n't recommend these unless you are willing to go back and forth to the store and returning them after you find the ones that are actually slow flow . Not worth my time .
 I concur with the other reviews that state that this is pretty lousy for use with the glass bottles . They flop over and refuse to stand upright . The posts that the bottles rest on are just too short . And on top of that the grate that the post are a part of is made of pretty flimsy plastic , and if you do n't balance the distribution of your bottles the grate will warp , making it even more difficult to keep the bottles upright . I 'm not going to replace it since I 've had it for a year now and just suffered through until we switch fully to sippys . I suppose it 's not terrible for sippy cups , but I had assumed , incorrectly , when I bought it that it had some special design that made it perfect for Dr. Brown 's bottles . But nope , this is pretty lame .
 I 've been more than happy with Dr. Brown 's bottles , dishwasher containers , and formula mixing pitchers ... but this drying rack is a disappointment . It is sturdy enough to hold the plastic bottles well , but it is nearly impossible to reach items on the bottom rack . It really is n't worth the counter space it consumes . I would recommend buying a single-tiered or rotating rack .
 I do n't see the purpose I put the bottles on the counter after sterilazion waste of money .
 I use the First Years Modular Drying Rack with my Dr. Brown 's bottles . It is a much better design and IT SPINS ! Dr. Brown 's version has a hard to reach bottom rack which I would hate to be fishing bottle parts out of at 2 a.m !
 If I had paid 2 dollars for this , I would n't bother to complain.As reviewed by others , it is indeed correct that it 's poorly designed
 If you put bottles on this rack , they will eventually get dry ... the key word here is `` eventually '' . If you wash at night and need things to be dry in the morning , try something else . There just is n't enough air flow to get nipples , bottles , or breast pump accessories dry on the inside . We had no idea how bad it was until we tried another rack - the Boon Grass drying mat . It cut our evening washing time in half because we no longer needed to hand-dry everything we needed for the next morning . I think pretty much any rack would be a better choice than this one - look for more air flow under the items , or racks that hold items at an angle to let air in .
 This could have been a great product but it really is not . The bottom rack makes difficult to find anything . I would recommend some other one and am only keeping it because it would be a hassle to return . In hindsight , I would have bought one of the rack 's that spin or something , so that I could easily find and assemble the bottles .
 This bottle rack is annoyingly overpriced and is VERY poorly designed.Dr . Brown 's bottles are the best bottles . I have used them since 2005 for all three of my children -LRB- and will use again if I ever have any more -RRB- . I WRONGLY assumed that the best drying rack for the bottles MUST be the drying rack designed for them . My previous drying rack was very flimsy . So for baby # 3 , I decided to buy this one.The bottom rack is a waste of time . You can only access the `` pegs '' in the front and on the sides -LRB- not in the middle -RRB- , and it 's very difficult to get any of the small parts in or out from those edges . I never use the bottom rack because I 'm too afraid I 'll end up knocking the whole thing over while attemping to retrieve something . So - big waste of space.The `` pegs '' are just that
 As other reviews have said , this wo n't hold glass bottles at all , it is not great with 8 oz . plastic bottles , the bottom shelf is very difficult to reach -LRB- you have to unstack it to load/unload , which makes all the stuff on the top fall -RRB- , and it has very little airflow , so things stay wet.Dr . Brown 's just wanted to make a little more $ so they put their name on a product that is not all that great .
 I ordered this item for my 18 month old daughter . When it arrived , one of the slats had come off the chair seat , exposing dried glue and sharp staples . I figured I would reglue the slat and keep the table . As I continued with assembly , I discovered that a piece of wood under the tabletop joining two legs together had been completely destroyed due to screws being inserted too tightly -LRB- during factory assembly -RRB- . There were also multiple cracks around the corners of the table . I requested a replacement and sent back the set . I just received my replacement today and I did n't even have to take one piece out of the box to see that the corner of the table is badly cracked ; it appears to have been dropped during shipment and there was not enough packaging material inside to cushion the wood . This time I am requesting a refund and looking for a different table and chairs set.Don ' t waste your time or your money .
 Bought for our 4 year old daughter . One of the table legs could n't be attached securely due to the leg not being able to accommodate the screw needed to hold the leg in place . The others stayed loose . We tried using brackets to secure all of the legs , but they still came loose , bent inward , and basically rendered the table useless . This was reported to Amazon and they sent a whole new replacement free of charge . The second set , however , was no better and the same issue with the legs not fitting properly continued . Also , one of the slats from one of the chairs from each set came off . Would not recommend this set .
 The edges on the chairs are all sharp and not rounded off . My 18 month old scratched the back of her little legs all up the first time she used it . The back of the chair and all the edges on the actual seat are sharp as well . Not a good option for little ones . Returned it .
 DO NOT BUY . Quality is REAL bad . When assembling , the self tap screws that hold everything together came out -LRB- almost all of them -RRB- . Thought maybe I was trying to over-tighten , but it happened with very little pressure . I had to epoxy the screws back into the legs . The wood on the legs are starting to crack -LRB- not where I epoxied -RRB- . I will have to throw the table and chairs away after just a few months of very light use .
 One leg came off of the table the first week - the screw inserts pulled out , so we could n't just re-tighten it . We tacked it back together with angle brackets and the wood split while screwing in the bracket . Now one of the chairs is coming apart . We have one two year old who is n't being tough on it , it 's just not that well made . We got this in a discount store for thirty bucks , so I 'm not too upset , but still , I would have expected better .
 First , this table set is super cute , but its crap . the Table top and one leg came scratched and nicked but I figured it would end up that way so did not return . 45 days later , and after very little use by my 16 month old , the table is broken because the screw split the wood in one of the legs . Trying to get Amazon to take this set back after the 30-day window . BUY SOMETHING ELSE , this is not worth $ 100 .
 The table top arrived with a crushed corner . It took one sit down by my 2 year old to snap off the poorly glued/nailed front chair slat . If it was n't such a pain in the butt I 'd return it immediately . : ^ -LRB-
 I ordered the Table on Dec 2nd . It said it was shipped on Dec 6th and I should recieve it on Dec 8th - Dec 11th . Called on Dec 22nd . Never could get through to customer service . Had to dial direct number spent 1 hr 20 min waiting to talk to someone . I did reach a very nice person , she ran a trace on the product . It came on Dec 29th , I was damaged beyond repair . Called on Dec 3th . Spent 1hr 10 min trying to reach them again . I kept the same number spoke to the same person . She had UPS pick it back up but I 'm still waiting for my refund . The table was picked up on Jan 2nd . Very bad experience !!! Will probably not order online again .
 We bought this for my kids last Christmas -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . They were 3 and 1 - the kids were so excited about the table and chairs . they are not rough kids and within a week the table legs were broke - just from normal play . they used the table to have tea parties , color , etc. do not recommend product !
 I had high hopes for this set . It is not solid wood , feels plastic , and is shoddy in manufacturing quality . Does not hold together , wobbles . My husband had to glue and clamp it in some places so that we could use it . I will use it for my toddlers , until it falls apart , which wo n't be too long I 'm sure .
 We bought this for our twins -LRB- 2yrs old at the time -RRB- to go with a kidkraft kitchen set . The table and chairs are very cute , but the product is NOT durable at all . Within a few months the slats on the chairs began to move apart and pinch little thighs . It was n't long before they came off completely -LRB- with staples sticking straight up in their place -RRB- . My husband fixed them numerous times , before we stopped using them all together . After that , the legs on the chairs and the table wiggled apart , constantly having to be tightened until screws seemed to be stripped out . We then glued , and put in extra screws for stability . My girls are n't overly rough either , just sliding it gently across carpet , and they loosen the legs . Just a year later this table is literally barely standing . The kids also eat at this table , and from wiping it with a regular non scratch kitchen sponge after each meal , the table top has started to deteriorate . Very cute , but not worth the price AT ALL !!!
 We received the first package w / massive damage and we had to returnThe second set arrived w / few dents and scratches , below the bar to return but hard to consider this as high quality new set
 I ordered two tables , one had a whole corner of the table top gone and on the other one the chair did n't have a complete leg . It was hard to find a number to call to request a replacement . Cute color though .
 This is a nice little set , perfect size chairs for my 2 yr . old . However , as I was assembling the table , I had two legs crack up at the top where they attach to the table . The wood seems very dry . Am awaiting two replacement legs , but it will be a while before my daughter has her entire set .
 description states that color may be varied , but I assumed it meant i was either getting this one the teal and yellow or the other older style blue and red . my two and half year old lost his last binky and based on the picture i ordered this to only be disappointed because they sent me a set of blue and a set of pink solid color .
 My son never used these ... since he is a boy and the ones I received were pink ... so I ca n't attest to whether he liked them or not.Maybe it 's just me , but colors may vary just does n't fly with baby stuff unless all the colors are neutral .
 I ordered these pacifiers for a baby boy and I ended up getting pink color pacifiers . I was really disappointed when I opened the package . There is no way I can use this pacifiers . I really wish there was an option to choose color . As it is a complete waste of money to buy a product which I 'm never gon na use .
 Before buying this particular one I asked if it was the bigger one not the newborn and was told yes buy a fellow customer who had purchased these ... Sadly it was the smaller one and my son who is almost 13 months wont take it cause its to small . Last time I ever shop on line like this ...
 I have no complain about the product ... but the baby just do not like it ... she takes any pacifier bu not this one ... donno why . .
 I bought this thermometer and liked it but after I used it a few times the buttons stopped working and I could n't turn it off . I opened it to remove the battery and found that it had water in it . A bath thermometer should at least be waterproof .
 As the other reviewer stated , the seal appears to be faulty on this , and it stopped working almost straight away . I have seen many other bad reviews of this product as well .
 I had this product less than 3 months and it stopped working . Water got into the battery .
 Standard nipple claimed to fit most bottles ... bought them for the price but it was a waste for me . Had to throw away .
 I had the Evenflo medium flow nipples and thought I 'd try these out since I was in need of fast flow nipples . These nipples leak . I wish I had n't opened all three packages so I could return some of them .
 I wish I could find a fast flow latex nipple , as over half of the ones I have leak between the nipple and the cap . I 'm not too worried about the leakage through the hole in the nipple , however when my baby gets covered with milk because it leaks between the nipple and the cap , that is n't ok.I do like the Gerber bottles as they fit nicely into my bottle holder on my diaper bag . However I may be going back to latex medium flow nipples .
 I am writing today to express my extreme displeasure for the Gerber First Essential Silicone BPA Free Nipples , Slow Flow 0-6 Month . I purchased these nipples yesterday for my son who is less than two weeks old . The vented nipple is a great idea , in theory . This evening and into the morning hours we found that these nipples tended to gag him due to the inappropriate fast flow of the nipple . His reaction was to gasp for a breath then cry just after removing the nipple from his mouth . These nipples flow twice as fast as any we have currently . What is Gerber trying to do , drown infants here ? Why would these be labeled as a 0-6M slow flow ? They are obviously not . I have to say that based on this experience I will think twice about purchasing any further Gerber products , and the nipples will be going back to the store in the morning .
 I had read all the reviews and even though most were bad I got them anyway . A few reviews said these nipples leaked but I thought it could n't be to bad , it was horrible . Trust me when I say DO NOT get these , all they do is make a mess and you would be better flushing money down the toilet literally . Also if you manage to get them to stop leaking the flow is so fast it almost sprays out . Do n't waste your money
 Not sure if it 's the nipples ' fault or the Evenflo collars . But , they leak . The glass bottles were given to us . We thought we we saving $ by buying just the nipples & collars . Should 've invested in complete sets - bottle , collar & nipple in one package .
 I know they are fast flow , but the milk streams out way to quickly . My son is 7 months old and he chokes when we use these nipples .
 I was disappointed to find that these nipples leak . I tried on 2 different bottles with the same result .
 Very frustrating to have the bottle leak all the time . Tried the nipples with Dr. Brown 's & Evenflo . Bought new nipples for Evenflo , so they did n't leak , but my baby does n't like them . Searching for something else now . wish i could go back to nursing !
 Bought these to go with my Ameda bottles , which is a standard bottle . Leaked all over the place and was wasting my precious liquid gold -LRB- breast milk -RRB- . Total waste of money . If you are looking for nipples to go with Ameda bottles - Dr. Brown 's fit perfectly !
 This bag is roomy , very cute and at a great price but I regret buying it . It has no restraints or pockets inside for bottles , diapers or wipes . Everything was so jumbled up when I carried it and the bottles would fall over and leak . How hard is it to just put in some elastic to hold the bottles upright ? I had to wash the bag out countless times . I finally gave up on it when the end came off the zipper and ruined it for good.If you do buy this please consider buying the travel pod along with it even though it more than doubles the price and still does not guarantee the bottles will stay upright .
 You really do get what you pay for . I got this for around $ 53 but I did NOT like this product at all ! The bumper is very scratchy and cheaply made . The comforter is pretty cheap too . The only thing I saved was the sheet and crib skirt which really only sit in a drawer as backup .
 I was hoping this line of baby products would work for my 7 mo. old , but unfortunately it 's still too harsh for her . Specifically , it made her scalp peel a bit when I used it as shampoo . It seemed to be okay for her skin , but I wanted an all-in-one shampoo and wash . Guess I 'll be sticking with Cetaphil for the time being . Loved the way this smelled though so I gave it 2 stars . I 'll be trying it again later on as she gets older .
 My baby is n't normally sensitive , but screamed when I put this on her . I washed it off and put on triple paste with a fleece liner and she was fine . Never will use this again . Calming ? Not likely !
 My 1 yr old son developed diaper rash - I applied California Baby diaper cream - the screams and cries that followed were like nothing I 've EVER heard from him . EVER . He writhed in pain and tried with all his might to escape his changing table . Once I wiped the cream off and calmed him down , I immediately looked online and incredulously found that so many other parents have had this same issue . Never again will I apply this cream - no baby should ever feel the searing , burning pain it causes . It should be taken off the market or repackaged with a large , bold-faced warning to use as a preventative measure , and discontinue when/if a rash appears .
 BEWARE . DO NOT PUT THIS PRODUCT ON YOUR CHILD 'S RASH !! I purchased this product for diaper rash and prevention due to the compatibility with cloth diapers . I wanted something that would n't stain or ruin my CDs . As a prevention ointment all was well , but as soon as any redness or rash appeared my LO would scream her head off . I thought it was just the rash until the next diaper change proved to make the rash WORSE ! My poor lil girl had the worst red rash and screamed until I realized that it was the cream . As soon as I wiped it off , she stopped crying . I had to switch to disposables to use Boudreaux Butt Paste that cleared it up in 1 day . I hate what a waste of money this rouct was after so highly recommended it was for cloth diapering .
 So my 15 month old child cries at most diaper changes because it cuts into her busy schedule . So I had no idea that this cream may be painful to apply to red irritated skin . She rarely has rashes but I bought this cream for the occasional redness . I LOVE the other California Baby products such as the shampoo/wash and bubble bath and feel they are well worth the price . This on the other hand is a total waste . My 2 year old niece on the other hand is able to verbally communicate pain and I felt horrible when I realized that this cream made her immediately cry out in pain and start yelling `` Ow '' like I 've never heard before . I tried it one more time on my daughter and realized that applying the cream really does escalate the tears more then not . This product is aweful and I 'll be getting a refund ASAP .
 Like others have said , I applied this and my son was IMMEDIATELY hysterically screaming and clawing at himself until I thoroughly wiped it off . What a waste of money and a horrible product !
 My son 's yeast rash got worse when we tried this cream . Before that we 'd simply been using Burt 's Bees diaper cream on it , which is not anti-fungal , yet seemed to do a better job . The consistency is also more watery than the Burt 's Bees , so I 'm not even sure I really liked it as a diaper cream . Disappointing . I 'd save your money and buy something else .
 Applied this so called `` calming '' cream to my baby 's bum and he cried frantically each time ! I thought it might be because his diaper rash was so bad but when I applied the triple paste cream he had no reaction to it . I definitlely would not recommend this product for any baby unless you want your child to be in pain !
 I will never use it again , and am now doubtful about other California Baby products . Is it worth the price ?
 It has similar ingredients to Awakening Hands and is less expensive . However , it is not a moisturizer , it is very drying . It turned my hands white . I suppose it would make sense that this is a diaper cream when applied to a thoroughly cleansed diaper rash . It works good as a foot ointment .
 I skimmed most reviews on this diaper cream before buying it . I was basically looking for something that I could use with my cloth diapers . So this stuff was recommended . Even though I read the review from the mother whose lo cried when she applied this stuff , I disregarded and bought anyway . There are so many positive reviews here ... so I just went with it . OMG my lo cried too !! I had to get a wash cloth and wipe it off immediately . I ca n't believe it .
 I selected this product because it is safe with cloth diapers . First off , it does n't work . No improvement . But more importantly she SCREAMS the second the cream comes in contact with her skin . Awful , awful product . Diaper creams should be soothing not cause more pain . No baby product should cause pain . Guess I 'll be putting her in disposables for a while and go back to Triple Paste to give her relief . Total waste of money .
 Truly awful . My poor 11 months baby screamed in pain ! I called customer service and someone asked me to email her the batch number so she could look at it . She never followed up on my email . If you want all natural , I would recommend Boudreau 's butt paste or Burt bees . They work wonders even if they do n't smell as nice ...
 This product burned my babes bottom when I used it on him -LRB- he had a small rash present at the time -RRB- . I would NOT recommend it & will definitely not be using it again .
 This cream smells really good and I used it for a while when my DD did n't have a rash . I bought it because it is cloth diaper friendly . But the first time I used it on a rash she screamed the second it touched her skin ! I felt so awful ! I have talked to three other cd moms who have also tried this who threw it out after the first use on a rash . What good is a rash cream that you ca n't use on a rash ?!?! For now I am just using Triple Paste -LRB- my favorite miracle rash cream ! Love it ! -RRB- putting a flannel cloth wipe against her skin between her and the cloth diaper . And I just placed an order for CJ 's BUTTer which was recommended to me by another cd mom . So we 'll see how tht works for us.BOTTOM LINE
 The cream is n't bad , and has a nice smell , but once I saw the size of the tube I realized that it was n't worth the extra shipping cost to have this exact diaper cream .
 I bought this for my 22 month old because I am trying to use more natural products on her , I used it once ! When I first put it on she started saying `` hurt hurt '' but stopped after a min or so and did n't freak out so I figured maybe it was just an uncomfortable feeling . But when I changed her next diaper her private parts area was bright red -LRB- had used on her butt too but that was fine -RRB- . I will not being using this again . I also want to add I have never had this happen with any diaper or body cream before .
 I tried using this over Dr. Smith 's Diaper Rash cream since I thought it would be more gentle on the skin but our baby screams and cries seconds after this product is applied . There must be something irritating that causes pain . Once it is removed with a wet washcloth , he 's back to being a happy baby again . I would recommend a different product if your baby has sensitive skin .
 Love California baby products . However , this product burns baby . Just thought I 'd warn other parents out there . I have used this in the past on my other children whose rashes were n't as bad . My poor newborn was in serious pain from this so maybe they changed their formula ? Should contain a warning label . I 'm off to buy some of my trusty old Triple Paste !
 I had high hopes for this product , as I am a big fan of the California Baby bath soap for babies . Unfortunately , I put this on my little toddler 's bottom when he had a rash and he screamed and tried to get away from me . I felt so terrible . I thought perhaps I had been too rough applying it -LRB- rather than that the product actually caused him discomfort -RRB- , so I tried it again another night before bedtime when he had a rash , with the same response . Tonight I put it on him with no rash , and he definitely seemed uncomfortable . We will go back to using the Burt 's Bees diaper rash ointment as we have not had any problems with it .
 I love all the other CA baby stuff I have ! But my little girl screamed as soon as I put this on ! I only got it because our regular diaper cream , Desert Essence Organics , was out of stock . I will be returning it tomorrow . I cloth diaper , and her little bum was just slightly red , I ca n't imagine if she had a real diaper rash how she would have reacted . Please be careful with your baby bottoms !
 I 've been using Desitin Maximum Strength -LRB- purple one -RRB- since my daughter was about 1 year old and developed her first ` bad ' diaper rash . It works great but I could n't stand the fishy smell . I decided to try CA Baby diaper rash cream after reading a lot of good reviews . Unfortunately , I am not impressed with this product at all . The other day my daughter developed a painful diaper rash and I tried using this for about three diaper changes and saw absolutely no improvement . In fact , it was getting worse ! So I put on some Desitin Max Strength and it was significantly better at the next diaper change . So I 'm going back to Desitin for moderate to severe rashes , even with the fishy smell . I really wish this product worked better because I like the smell and the ingredients , but it does n't work for my daughter or son on anything more than a mild irritation . I actually will still use this product until it runs out for another purpose - I put it under my infant son 's chin/neck to prevent irritation from wetness due to him being a messy feeder . Once I run out I wo n't buy it again though .
 I 'll start by saying that I love most of the California baby line , but I hate this product ! I 've tried this a few times with my little girl when she was about a month old and again at four months . I get the same reaction ... she starts making these really sad whimper noises and kicks her legs . It must sting pretty bad because those little cries almost break my heart . Never Again ! After i wiped it off i applied calendula cream and that went over MUCH better ! My husband tried this for a jock itch type rash and also said it stung a little but works , so not terrible for an adult . Sad to see this bottle go to waste , but I refuse to put this on my child again .
 I hated this diaper cream . I like the other items in the CA Baby line , so naturally thought I would love the diaper rash cream . My son had his first sensitive rash-y spot , and I applied this after briefly looking at the ingredients . Zinc oxide -LRB- like Desitin -RRB- , but also lavender oil . Sounded a little irritating , but I put it on anyway ... you should have heard the scream my son let out . I could barely wipe it off fast enough - and the area was redder than ever -LRB- it was a very sensitive spot -RRB- . He cried and cried -LRB- angry , painful sobs -RRB- until I applied regular Desitin - not a peep . I threw it out immediately - could n't believe the reaction he got from it .
 This diaper cream seems ok as a preventative application when my baby does not have a rash , but when she already has a rash and I apply this cream she immediately starts crying in pain ! If I ca n't use it to treat a diaper rash , it 's not much good . I 'm not sure what ingredient would cause this stinging pain , possibly the tea tree ? I wo n't be buying this again .
 California Baby has a great reputation , and I found the Burt 's Bees diaper cream tube annoying to use , so I purchased some of this to give it a try . My son whines every time I put it on ! At first I was foolish enough to believe it was because he did n't like his diaper being changed , but after a few applications I noticed that he only whined when I put it on his little bottom . Now his bottom is the reddest that it 's ever been ! The Burt 's Bees cream always cleared any minor irritation up with a single application . I 'm going to go get some first thing in the morning . Oh , and to add insult to injury , this stuff is very thin and smells terrible .
 I usually love California Baby but this product BURNED my son 's skin off . I had to wipe it off immediately . I had never heard him scream the way he did when I applied this cream . His skin blistered and actually peeled off . It created the worst rash I 've ever seen . I will never buy this product again .
 Of all the crib sheets I received this was my least favorite . I registered for it because it matched the crib set . Color is accurate , size is fine . After about 4 washes it got those little balls of fuzz all over it . It is not that soft either . Would not buy for a friend or get a second one .
 I love how well this sheet cooridinates with the theme and fits the crib . However , after 2 months of use . . the sheet has developed those little fabric `` pebbles '' -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- only on the area where the baby lies . They are easily removed with a fabric shaver , but I 'm surprised this would happen at all with a baby sheet . In retrospect , the sheet itself is not as soft as I would like for an infant .
 I registered for this set through BabySuperMall . Not only is the cost a whole lot less , but they offer all of the accessories that go with it , including extra fabric by the yard !
 How about lowering the price so expectant parents do n't have to just look at it and go buy something else that 's cheaper and of less quality!I hope no one buys this and if they do , they need their head checked .
 I think some of these reviews are written by people affiliated with the company that sells the product , Touch of Europe .
 Although the bowl is very cute , the suction cup base is almost flat and therefore does n't suction well . It does n't stick unless the surface is very hard and smooth like a marble countertop . It wo n't stick to our wooden dining table and slides around on my daughter 's highchair tray .
 I love the other sleep sacks , you can see my full review of them on their web pages . But this sack has different fabric which I really , really do n't like . It is n't actually quilted . It is woven to look like it is . The material is such that it attracts hair and lint to it in the dryer and it catches in the fabric so it takes a bit of light tugging to get it off . It also catches on any hang nails or rough skin . When it is warm I use the cotton sleep sacks and when it is cold I use the fleece -LRB- polyester -RRB- ones . Great sacks , just annoying fabric with this one .
 I WAS LEAVING TOWN AND NEEDED THESE , I HAVE A BOY AND RECEIVED THE PINK VERSION WITH FLOWERS ... NOT THE BLUE ONES . I DID NOT HAVE TIME TO CORRECT THEIR MISTAKE .
 Kept getting girl colors ! That 's really sad since I liked them . We switched to nuk instead of these because they worked better .
 I 've ordered these sippy cups in the past & the lid had attached handles . These ones did not . The photo is misleading .
 I bought these sippy cups based on the great reviews , but I 'm disappointed . Yes , they do n't leak , but my daughter -LRB- 2 yrs old -RRB- has a hard time sucking the milk/juice from them , like the spill proof seal is a little too tight . And even when she does get the milk out , there is always about a half inch left that she ca n't get out because the spill proof insert sticks out too much and does n't allow the milk to funnel down ... even when I tried to drink from it to see why she was struggling with getting that last bit out , I could n't . Bad design ... wasteful and it frustrates my daughter because she can see more in the cup but ca n't get it out .
 I specified that I wanted the blue and the green cup as shown because I have a BOY ! I ended up with girl colors . Very disappointed . What am I supposed to do with pink cups ?!
 These are a HUGE inconvienience !! Toddlers do not have the dexterity to pull them out one at a time so , you end up with 20-40 of them in the toilet instead of the one or two recommended to flush . Then you get the joy of plunging your toilet ! Wow , as if having a potty training toddler was n't enough now I have to do toilet maintence everytime he goes to the bathroom with out my supervision ! Thanks Kimberly Clark for giving me more do with my day !
 I have become more and more frustrated with my Aria stroller in the past year and a half that I have used it . Like others have said , it steers poorly and is impossible to push with one hand . Bumps are tough on it and so are curbs and tight turns . The cup holder has broken for the second time in one year . The screws come out of the cup holder , the cheap plastic has cracked now it no longer stays in the up position - rather useless indeed . Also , the small plastic piece that is at the end of the recline adjustment straps also fell off and the sun shade barely covers my child 's face in the bright sun . But I did purchase it for its lightweightedness and therein lies its only redeeming quality . Too bad , because not only was it expensive , but I purchased it on the Peg reputation .
 I could not be more disappointed with my new single Aria . It is EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO PUSH . It makes little difference whether my 18 pound daughter or 30 pound son is in it , it is impossible to steer with one hand , and often difficult to steer with both hands . It frequently requires lifting up the front end off the ground entirely to change directions . I have lived with it for a couple of weeks , hoping that it was just `` tight '' and would loosen up , but there has been no change and I am becoming more and more frustrated with it and really regretting my purchase and trust in Peg Perego 's reputation for excellent baby products . The only time it lives up to the possibly inflated reputation of Peg Perego is when we are rolling straight forward . Any effort to turn or adjust directions is just that , an effort.I have owned 3 other strollers in my tenure as a mother so far
 Believe in reviews !! I read about customers ' reviews after buying this stroller . I thought about return it because most of the reviews were not so good . I regret I did not upgrade to another one . I hate it ! First of all , it 's hard to lock the car seat in place . This drives me crazy . Second , it is alright when you go straight . But when you make turns , it just does n't turn the way you want , especially in small passege way in restaurants or stores . The only advantage is it is light weighted .
 This product I did n't like much . I have been using pampers for my baby for past one year , and I never had any problem . But his one does n't see to fit too well .
 This product is strange , and not as good as the ones we purchased from the same product line . It has little white threads-like things erected on the inner-line that apparently bothered baby 's skin . My daughter has had a bad rash . Try one with little quantity -LRB- such as 40-pack -RRB- first with this product to see if it works without problem to your little one .
 Recent changes in the absorptive materials in the Pampers Swaddlers caused a rash on my little one 's ` tushy ' . Have switched to the Fisher Price brand , available at Amazon and Babies R Us . I am totally happy with the switch .
 These diapers are absolutely the worst . My 3 weeks old son was developing the rash on the third day on these daipers . We were initially thinking that it is not the diaper but some thing else , after trying several different things including religiously using the diaper rash creams we came to the conclusion that it is the diaper that is the culprit . I dont know what chemicals they are using in these diapers , but they are causing bad rash . And yes , we do change diapers very often . Hands down the worst diaper .
 I agree with the other reviewer , this is nothing more than a $ 20 plastic step stool , and a pretty pointless one at that since it barely elevates my son at all . He ca n't use it to step up and reach the potty , he ca n't even use it to stand and brush his teeth . I have to use a separate stool -LRB- that only cost $ 4 -RRB- . The toilet seat fell apart after a day and ca n't be put back together completely . So it just sits on top of the rim , and I have to watch like a hawk to make sure my son is okay on it . The whole thing was a complete waste of money and I 'm very disappointed . For the $ 20 you 'll waste on this , you can get a more durable potty seat , a separate stool , a book about potty training , and a sheet of cool stickers they 'll actually like .
 the potty seat was broke within a day , and the `` potty tips '' is only a few pages ... then repeated in spanish . Amounts to no more then a $ 20 step stool .
 My son is learning how to use the potty so I thought the `` feel '' part would help the `` learn '' part of the potty training . Not so . I was greatly disappointed . He did n't ever notice that he was wet after using them for more than 6 weeks . I only noticed he was wet after the training pants started to leak . They are not diapers and do n't hold much at all so you need to change them constantly or they will leak all over the place . About the only good thing with these is the fact that they pull-up like underwear . I would n't use these for toilet training a beginner , perhaps an older child who already has the hang of it . I 've switched to 7th Generation since their pull-up pants hold a lot more .
 Oh my goodness , this is hard to pull ! My kids weigh a combined 60 pounds and it is so hard to steer , forget stopping ... you just crash into your own heels . This is great if you want to walk around a huge open space without anything in your way . Otherwise , reconsider or at least try it out in the store . I mail-ordered mine because I just had to have it and now it 's not worth shipping back . So it sits in my garage . I do n't even want to sell it on ebay because it is such a piece of garbage . By the way , Fisher Price does n't even list it on their website anymore . They must be so ashamed . I only give it 1 star just for the cool look of it . Do n't be fooled by how fun it will be for your kids to face each other - just get ready for the big kickfest and lots of tears !
 I wanted a `` wagon '' for my 18 month old son who is very tall for his age , and liked the idea of a seat and belt . I bought this online as it was not sold in any stores locally . I am no wimp believe me but this thing is SOOO heavy its ridiculous . The specs listed it as being 40 pounds , something I did not catch prior to my purchase or I would not have bothered with it . It certainly doesnt look like it should weigh so much considering the basic design . It is very difficult to pull -LRB- my son only weighs 25 pounds -RRB- and could really benefit from a redesign specifically a lighterweight frame and quality bearings that allow it to be pulled easier . The pulling handle is also not adjustable , I am only 5ft 4in and the handle was too short and to low for me and impossible for my husband to pull without stooping down . There is also no storage on the wagon just two seats , you can purchase a bag that snaps on for an additional $ 40 , in my opinion for the price it should come with the bag included . Unfortunately the huge cost of shipping it back made it not worth returning . I felt the price was excessive considering the quality of the product . It sits unused in our garage . We purchased a radioflyer ATW wagon with the rubber wheels wooden sides . Its not light weight either but it is so much easier to pull , the quality significantly better , and the handle long enough to be pulled comfortably .
 My daughter received this as a gift fro her 7th birthday . It can count quarters okay . But if you put in a penny , nickel , or dime , it always counts a dime . My 4 year old enjoys it , she puts pennies and nickels in it and calls it a dummy pig . I 'm very disappointed in this product .
 This is terrible . The step is too close to the toilet , making it unusable . It wobbles , creaks and bends . The toilet seat slides around a lot . This is total junk . Not worth 20 cents , let alone 20 dollars .
 It 's not just the most icredible piece of junk I ever seen , it is the most DANGEROUS piece of junk I ever seen on the market for kids.The plastic is very thin , very weak and bends every each way . My daughter weighs 35 pounds and the step almost collapsed under her weight . Is SLIDES off the toilet bowl and the seat itself also bends down under the child 's weight , which really frightened my girl.There 's no way a child should use it without an adult actually lifting it and putting it on the seat.I feel soooo stupid to have bought it -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 The Freedom potty trainer looked like such a good idea , but the plastic is very flimsy , and when set in place , it just barely reaches the floor . It 's a pretty unstable situation . A separate kids toilet seat and footstool would be far better .
 The product is flimsy , the step is too close to the toilet to be practical for a child to step up on , the deflector is not tall enough to deflect any urine , and the seat is too large for a toddler . My child does not feel comfortable using this potty .
 Unstable and flimsy , this piece of plastic nonsense is such a disappointment . it 's not sturdy enough to support a toddler . I should have known that at this cheap price that I was going to get junk . You 're better off putting a stool on the ground and a seat on the toilet .
 The idea is good ... but it does not sit well on oblong toilets . The adjustable step is a great feature as my sons feet could not reach the other step stools we have used before we bought this apparatus.Would recommend with round toilet only .
 This seat is very unstable . My son is more worried about falling than he is about going to the bathroom . I love the fact that the stool and chair are in one . I also like the fact that is was made in the usa , but I would not buy this again . I ended up with the bjorn seat and the potty stool stepper that cost $ 129 . It tall enough and stable .
 I would absolutely not recommend this particular potty ladder to anyone.I had seen one similar to it and was quite disappointed with the one I ordered.It 's back in the box waiting for my next yard sale , or I may take it to the Salvation Army.Guess I should just take the trouble to return it.Thanks for asking.Carol TribblePinckney , MI
 The ladder for this seat did not touch the floor . We had to send it back because it was about an inch or two short . If you do decide to try the product , you should measure your toilet first . That said , I do agree with some of the other postings that it seemed rather flimsy . Even if it had reached the floor , the seat did not fit firmly on the seat . Perhaps its just made for other toilets .
 This was awful . I already own a seat like this from another company and I absolutely love it as does my daughter . So , when I saw the Primo version , I thought I 'd purchase it for our upstairs bathroom . Besides the fact that the seat is hard and the plastic is cheap and flimsy , The arms that the child holds onto and connects the stool and the seat - well , it 's too short . The feet ca n't even reach the bottom of our floor and we have a standard size/height toilet ! Definitely a waste of $ $ $ and I would n't recommend this product at all .
 My 2.5 yr old daughter launched herself forward twice out of this and fell directly onto the top of her head compressing her cervical spine . The handles and foot rest make it too easy for them to fall forward . We threw it out and are using the Baby Bjorn seat cover , which has proven to be very stable and the ergonomic shape keeps her seated .
 I ordered this to have for 2yr old granddaughter , while it is easy to put together . The step is at a angle , and the seat did fit or cove the toilet . I sent this back the exact same day , because its a piece of junk .
 This Toilet Trainer seems like it could break easily . I wish I had purchased two separate items , the footstool and the seat . I like that it sets the baby forward on the ring , so he can bend his legs , however , this is the only thing I like about it.I 'm worried that the plastic nuts and bolts will strip or give out . He 's not too interested in it since he figured out that when he gets up on the step , there 's no way to turn around without my help . It does not seem stable or safe .
 I received this today.While the idea is great , it is made of very flimsy plastic and requires plastic nuts and bolts to assemble which are included but 2 of them snapped in half while assembling it . These bolts can not cost anything so I would have thought more than the required 6 would have been included . I would never recommend this item . I called the company that makes it but they were not available . They close at 4:30 p.m. EST. . Do n't buy it !
 This product was not worth it . It 's cheap because it 's cheaply made . It 's not very sturdy and often wobbles off the toilet bowl when my toddler is sitting on it . It 's not sturdy enough that she 's willing to get up on it by herself and the foot rest is so small that she ca n't turn around on it . To top it off , after a few months , it broke , so we just threw it away !
 I thought this was a great idea , which it is if it would be built a little sturdier . It 's a dangerous flimsy seat , splurge and spend the extra 10.00 on the `` other brand . ''
 This thing fell apart only about a month after using it . We were so discouraged after searching for just the right step up for our children and then having this fall apart so quickly was awful ! It 's poorly made and broke to soon after purchase , but of course , too late to return it . VERY DISSATISFIED !
 I dont usualy write reviews about things I have bought but I feel I have to for this one . Ijust wanted anyone considering buying this toy box to know that this toy box works ok for light toys , but the minute baby gets to be 6 months to one year the toys are too big and heavy for this box and cause the box to bow out and look terrible . This should be an easy fix considering all the velcro used in making this toy box , but I 've tried everything and nothing fixes this problem , the toys are just to heavy ... and I am not over stuffing the box either ... it 's about half full . Very disapointed and looking for a new toy box . My suggestion is dont buy this one take the money you would be waisting here and put it into a little tikes toy box . They are the absolute best , they last forever are low for young children and babies and hold a ton of toys ! And they only cost about $ 15 - $ 20 more than this waist of money . Thanks
 I wish I had n't ordered this online -- too much of a hassle to send back -- however the chemical smell is so strong after airing it out for two weeks that I do n't want to put my baby 's toys in it .
 I 'm not sure about this item . It has a strong odor and is very flimsy . I like that it is soft ... but it may be too soft . Will have to see what our son thinks of it . At this point I would not recommend this product .
 This toy box stinks , literally!I 'm not sure if it is the material or the dye used for the brilliant colors . Regardless , it smells toxic!I loved the concept & it is very cute . But we can not stand the smell & do not want our child near it . We are returning it instead of wearing masks -LRB- the ridiculous suggestion from above -RRB- . If it smells toxic , it PROBABLY IS .
 I read the reviews about the smell but since most of the reviews were positive I hoped that was an old -LRB- solved -RRB- problem . The chest arrive and was spacious and cute . My tot liked opening the lid and would not get hurt running into it . But the smell was noxious ! It smells like just produced toxic plastic . I aired it out for 2 weeks -LRB- ! -RRB- in another room . Then taking drastic measures -LRB- realizing that it ruins the chance of return but hoping to keep this oh so cute box -RRB- i dunked it into a cold bath . After it dried -LRB- which it did without any problems btw -RRB- it still smelled . So did the toys left in it overnight . Sadly the chest went to the curb ...
 I ended up returning it . After airing it out for 4 days , it still smelled terrible . I put a few toys in it on the 4th day to see what would happen , and the next day the TOYS smelled like the box . Ugh ... what the heck was that smell ?? Made me sick to my stomach and almost dizzy when I first opened it . If it was n't for the smell , it would have been okay . I did n't like the way the lid fit , but that was a minor detail .
 This was great for my son when he was just learning to walk , but as soon as he learned to crawl in it . . forget it ! He would pull himself up on it and he top feel in and the side pushed out . I 'm searching for a new wooden one !
 The concept behind this monitor is great . When the portable unit is hooked up to the television in our bedroom , it works wonderfully to see in the nursery . However , we purchased this product two months prior to our daughter being born . After she was born , we hooked up the unit , and after a couple of days the portable unit 's screen quit working . It still works great hooked up to the TV , but we purchased it because of it 's portability , and it no longer has that capability . Even though we only used the portable unit for a couple of days before it broke , we had purchased it long before we opened it , and now the return/warranty does n't allow us to return it . Love the monitor when it 's hooked up to the TV , but be aware of the possibility of the screen going out on the hand held unit rendering it no longer completely portable .
 Well , the first few hrs it seemed to work well , the the signal was poor after that and then it shots off after a couple of hours of using it . It does this every night , there is so much static I can not see the baby . Sometimes I can barely see the baby on the screen . Sometime I wake up and the screen is off even though I am using AC adapter . There is hardly any color most of the time , it might as well be black-and white . I am so disappointed with this product .
 The baby monitor did not work well at all in my house . The video signal was always scrambled and there was lots of static . Whenever it did get a clear signal it was only for a short amount of time and the color looked grey -LRB- black and white -RRB- .
 I got this as a gift and it broke after 2 weeks ! It is TERRIBLE !
 I registered for this item with my first child thinking it would be so great to have him sleep in bed with us his first couple months ... not to mention easier to breast feed at night . But if you have anything other than a king size bed ... do n't buy this product . We have a queen size and there was absolutely no room for my husband and I to move around in after this was in bed with us . Plus , my son grew so quickly that he outgrew this thing 3 weeks after he was born . It was a nice idea ... but not very practical for parents who were n't getting much sleep anyway .
 My advice - keep the box and receipt . We decided we wanted to co-sleep before my first son was born . This seemed like the safest solution . He hated it !!! The first two nights we tried it , he absolutely cried when we laid him in it . The mattress is hard , and I have to imagine it does n't smell anything like mom , so he was very unhappy . He also hated his bassinet . He slept next to me for the first 10 months of his life - then moved to a crib in our room for the next 8 months . My only point is that some kids need closer contact with mom than this allowed . I 'm now expecting my 2nd and looking at co-sleepers , but wo n't throw out the box or receipt .
 The Snuggle Nest is a nice thought , but did not work for us at all . We received it as a gift during the pregnancy and decided to try to get used to it before baby came , so we put it in our bed to `` practice '' . It stayed there for 5 minutes , if that , then went into the closet . Even being thin/athlectic parents , in a queen sized bed , it still took up too much room.After baby came we gave it another try . Still , we felt like it took up too much room . It just was n't pleasent waking up with the side of it in our faces . Not only that , we did not feel the closeness to baby that we wanted , which was -LSB- one of -RSB- the reasons we chose to co-sleep in the first place , so back in the closet it went.If you plan to co-sleep and you are concerned about rolling over baby , I suggest using a doll to `` practice '' with . Also , keep in mind that mom and baby will be so in-tune with each other that it 's rare that an accidents happen . `` SIDS '' deaths are way more common than co-sleeping accidents.With that said , I have n't had any problems waking up when baby or husband move and actually wake up prior to baby waking up wanting to eat . Husband , who is a deep sleeper , also has n't had any trouble waking up to baby 's movements and has n't even come close to rolling over him . If you are wanting to co-sleep because of the closeness you will feel with baby , I do NOT suggest buying this product .
 I found this to be a waste of money . Unless you have a king size bed then you may find it useful . In a queen bed it takes up so much room that my husband and I were literally falling of the edges of our respective sides . My husband and I are average size people so it is ridiculous . Maybe if you are going on vacation and you can sleep by yourself with your child and the bed is against a wall then it would be worth it . Otherwise a big thumbs down .
 All I have to say is this is the worst item that I bought my 12 week old would n't sleep in it and it was very hard and took up alot of space in our bed I would n't suggest buying it .
 At first , I thought this thing was great . I used it when my daughter was born when we traveled to my mother 's house where there was no bassinet and also in her crib for daytime naps . However , when she was three weeks old and beginning to wiggle around I woke up one night because I heard her fussing . When I checked on her she had managed to wiggle her way out of the snuggle nest and in between it and the side of the crib . Needless to say the snuggle nest stayed at my mom 's house when we came home that weekend , and we never touched it again . So I thinkit was a waste of money and a danger to my baby .
 This seemed like a great idea for co-sleeping in theory . However , in practice it did n't turn out to be so useful . First , the sleep positioners seem dangerous . We were careful to position her with her arms above the sleep positioners thinking that would prevent her from her body sliding down . We woke one morning to find that our 3 week old daughter had wiggled her body downward and turned her head so that her face directly up against the positioner . We were worried that she could have suffocated . After that incident I did research at the national SIDS website . The SIDS website strongly discourages the use of sleep positioners . Secondly , our daughter was such a wiggle-worm . She frequently wiggled out the bottom which made the snuggle nest useless . Thirdly , it did not make breastfeeding in bed any easier .
 Although the concept for the snuggle nest is a great idea , I felt like the product could use much improvement . I tried it out with my two week old and did n't feel comfortable using it with her now , let alone as she got bigger and more mobile . The sides did n't come down far enough ... when she started to wake up and fuss I felt like her little legs were starting to come off the mattress . And it was n't easy to get her out of the bed in the middle of the night . I had to almost kneel on my bed to comfortably pick her up . The bed also takes up a lot of room in your bed , I have a king size bed and could n't imagine placing this thing in anything smaller . I did not feel like this product was worth the $ 50 to last such a short time , for that kind of money I expect something with a little more quality to it .
 We bought this baby snuggle nest and I wanted to share with you the dangers of this thing . A baby is meant to sort of follow it 's mum around the bed , a full term and normal birth baby who is safe to co-sleep does not need this contraption . All mammals sleep with their mums , it 's what nature intended.The baby should be wearing what you are i.e. maybe one layer and a nappy , and lying beteen mum and partner and mums elbow of her arm nearest the bed should be off the pillow with forearm on the pillow or under it to make a safe place for baby and to stop baby going up onto the pillow.Babies should not be lying by another toddler or child -LRB- if its a family bed -RRB- but between the two adults , one of which is the nursing mum . Adults legs will naturally be bent up til knees nearly touch , to form a safe haven and to stop baby going down the bed.Howver as we found , when baby is in this mum loses that touch and baby follow response and as others have said as baby gets older it will seek out mum and may go off down the bed and as mum and dad may be lying on their opposite side os back there 's no safe haven.A baby can be safely breastfed in bed without this , with this a baby has to be moved further down the bed thus may be more covered then if was at chest height , and also as mums hormones mean she should go back asleep whilst feeding she may leave baby down the bed and then this thing is in the way , as we did . Or she has to stay awake to oput baby back ! Why when a baby does n't need it!This is an ill conceived badly designed piece of un needed baby equipment , made to make money where there is n't a niche in the market!Save your money ! Buy a side bed guard instead -LRB- no I 'm not a bed side seeler nor have any vested interest in them -RRB- as that is a far more useful pice of equipment.Speak to your breastfeeding counsellor or supporter and learn about safely co-sleeping without this instead!BWS , Jenny .
 My son was having a hard time sleeping when we brought him home from the hospital . We call the nursery @ the hospital & asked them why ? They told us to have him sleep w / us . We did & it worked . He got some sleep but I did n't . I felt it was too dangerous . So my husband foud this Snuggle Nest & bought it . It took up so much space in the bed , it was also very hard & very dangerous ! Suffication waiting to happen . My son hated it . He would rather sleep alone than sleep in this thing . We returned it . It is also VERY HOT . Everytime he slept in it he woke up soaked in sweat . Save your money . Put your baby in the crib or bassinet those are the only safe places for him/her .
 This is a waist . Basinette is much better and it is a bad habbit to get into to begin with . for the same price you can get a no frills basinette . Unless you have a bed that is very very hard it will lean to one side and baby feels like he is on a sinking ship . I had to use towels to balance it and even then I had to wrap blankets around the measly little pad so that it would be comfortable enough and not hurt his head . You try sleeping on hard plastic for several hours with an unformed skull and only a thin pad to protect you .
 Please read this from the AAP statement ! `` Avoid commercial devices marketed to reduce the risk of SIDS
 My mom and I bought the snuggle nest and other baby things in Tucson at the Babies R Us store . We spent over $ 300.00 in cash buying things for my baby who is on the way . When we brought it home and opened the box , it was not wrapped in plastic , the DVD was missing and it had a stain on it . Also the matress is too hard for a newborn to sleep in . It looked like it had been used and brought back to the store . I went to the store to return or exchange it and Babies R Us refused to take it back ! They said that they could not accept something in that condition . They sold it to me that way ! My baby is n't even born yet so how could I have possibly used it . Now I am stuck with a $ 49.99 snuggle nest that I ca n't use . I am never shopping at Babies Us again !
 I read great reviews about the Snuggle Nest and had high hopes . I was , however , disappointed . It takes up a great deal of room in the bed -- my husband and I have a king-sized bed and we are average sized , but we barely had room to turn over!Additionally , the main reason I wanted to co-sleep was to make nighttime nursing easier . With the Snuggle Nest 's `` walls , '' I still had to sit up and lift my daughter out to feed her ... defeating half the purpose ! Eventually I ditched the Nest altogether and my daughter slept in the crook of my arm . We slept much better , and my husband and I had room to wiggle!It is a good product to use for naps and such when the baby has the bed to herself , but it can only be used until she can roll over anyway ... for me , a product that only works part of the time for only a few months is n't worth the $ 50 price tag .
 We were so excited to buy this product . But our son hates it ! He is currently 1 month old , and we have tried using the snuggle nest for the past 3 weeks now . It has made us miserable . He screams and cries the moment we put him into it . The only way we can get him to sleep in it at all , is if my husband or I do the `` 5 S 's '' from The Happiest Baby On The Block , and wait until he is in a deep sleep . Then we sneek him into the snugglenest , and he sleeps in it for a maximum of about 5 minutes before waking up screaming again . He sobs to be comforted or fed , and the walls of the snugglenest prevent me from doing anything for him . I have to pull him out to do those things , and put him back in . Lastly , it scared the heck out of us . The other night he managed to wiggle his way down the snugglenest as I slept , and rolled face first into one of the two side-bumper pillows that is supposed to keep them from rolling over . I am so incredibly fortunate that I woke up for some reason or other . Something inside of me insisted I wake up , and I found him face first into this bumper , with a muffled cry that was so faint . When I quickly scooped him up , he gasped loudly , looked terrified , and then cried in my arms . I comforted him , and my heart raced . I hate that thing now . I never want to use it again . -LRB- Last night I did not use it , and we finally slept well without the baby screaming in protest for a solid 4 hours straight ! This is a miracle for us ! We are now using Dr. Sears ' methods for co-sleeping safely , and we are all so much happier as a result . : -RRB-
 I purchased this product because my husband and I co-slept with our first child but did this without any `` sleeping device . '' For this time around I decided I wanted to purchase the Snuggle Nest for peace of mind purposes while sleeping . It was never a problem the first time , but you never know . Neddless to say , I was really excited with the Snuggle Nest and all of its features . It seemed like the perfect product . Well , in theory it is . In reality , not so much . Upon arrival home from the hospital with our daughter we tried to use the nest . Did n't work too well , in fact not at all . Our daughter did n't seem to mind laying in it , but my husband and I absolutely had no room to lay in bed . We have a queen size bed and are of normal size , but could not lay in bed at all . Let me tell you , this poses a problem , because how can you think that co-sleeping will work if you ca n't sleep in the bed with the device . I have to return this and wish I had listened to my husband and not bothered purchasing it . The company should really think about stating that this should only be used if you have a king size bed . It would save a lot of people a lot of hassle .
 This is NOT an authorized Britax car seat cover . Real Britax covers are cuter , cheaper AND safer ! Get the real thing !
 I have the crib bedding to match this cover and the bedding is fabulous . However the changing pad cover quality was very , very poor . The polka-dots were only on the side of changing pad - the top was all white -LRB- can you say dirty -RRB- and the fabric was very thin . I returned it immediately .
 I bought my daughters -LRB- who were both pregnant at the same time -RRB- one of these chair each . My one daughter gave me the chair back when her baby was six month old because the baby was shaking it apart . The bolts fall out of it easily . It is extremely hard to clean and also very hard to put a toddler in the chair because of the `` fit '' . The other daughter moved her baby into a BUMPPO and booster chair at the 4 to 6 month old level.I would NOT recommend this chair at all .
 Got a new cushion for a 5 year old chair , and the old cushion still looks better than the new one . Svan is clearly on a downward slope in quality , the new cushion looks cheap , poorly made and is much less padded than the old one . It is disappointing when a company 's own product looks like a knockoff .
 I got this item because it indicated it could protect my paper from my cat . Unfortunately , it is a total failure in this regard . I added some pics to show how easily the cat tore up the roll and I 'm returning this thing.It also looks pretty unsanitary . People will have to handle the spring loaded cover each time they want paper . I 'm not into spraying this thing down with lysol every time I need to use it.There must be a better way !
 The roll guard will not allow tissue to come off the roll . It keeps kids from pulling down the paper , but also keeps adults from using it .
 My toddler just takes the whole roll off when this is on it draws attention to it and makes her want to mess with it more . She 's a toddler not an idiot come on ...
 Really nice cover if it fit the bottle I intended it for . I tried really hard to cram the bottle in there but could n't make it work . Unfortunately this seller requires a $ 3 restocking fee and you have to pay return shipping , so not worth returning . I will see if I have anything else it will fit on , but I am disappointed that this vendor requires the restocking fee which just seems ridiculous for such a small product . also , since this shows up as a `` related product '' for the CamelBak .4 liter kids bottle , I just wanted to make sure others did n't make the same mistake I did .
 I bought this to go over my son 's Kleen Kanteen 12 oz . bottle . It fits but after 2 washes on the delicate cycle and air drying the stitching came undone . I was able to resew it , but am disappointed in the workmanship.It does keep my son 's bottle insulated , so it works for that purpose .
 I ordered the hot pink/orange color . Unfortunately , the snap on the strap broke after it pulled away from the fabric after only 2 hours of use . In the limited experience I had with it , it kept my daughter 's sippy cup from getting hot , but I can not say it kept it cold or even cool . What really frustrated me about this purchase was the lack of customer service of the seller , The Baby 's Gallerie . When I contacted them about getting a replacement , I was advised I had to cut off and mail the defective part at my expense . I was also really unimpressed with the Seller 's tone in their response to me when I made alternate suggestions for proving the defect , such as an emailed picture that showed the defect . I found The Baby 's Gallerie to be unprofessional and will not do business with them again .
 I 've used these wipes on my son and I 'm displeased with the residue Pampers wipes leave behind . It 's slimy , and though it might dry , I have to wonder how that effects the baby 's skin . Nevermind it being cross . The wipe was moist , but thin as some value brands you can purchase . Not good for my money .
 Beware
 I 've been along time fan of this product , until they recently changed their formula . Now , every bottle that I buy is like water ! You ca n't even blow bubbles with it ! So I contacted California Baby , asking for a reason . Someone named `` Sue '' responded , and said that she would send me postage paid envelope to return the bottles I had . It 's been a month now , and no envelope has arrived . Now when I email `` Sue '' about it , she either ignores me , or places the blame on another department in the company . So I 'm still without bubbles , and it looks like CA Baby still has my money . I feel gipped !
 I ordered these curtains for my daughter 's room b/c her quilt to her crib set and the bumper has squares of different colored gingham , but I was very disappointed with these curtains . The gingham squares were relatively large and the yellow was pretty bright and not a soft baby colored yellow as I expected it to be . I 'm sending them back and I 'm very disappointed .
 I really wanted to like this product but after two weeks , I 'm tossing it . It does a great job at keeping liquids cold which was the main selling point for us . However , it leaks way too much ! This is the leakiest sippy cup we 've ever owned . Another con is that the fluids get stuck around the bottom of the mouthpiece . Not a huge deal if you have water in the cup , but when you have milk , it gets gross after a few hours . There needs to be a tighter fit .
 We got this sippy cup to give our daughter warm milk in . It was great-if you put the lid together correctly -LRB- which can sometimes be tricky , -RRB- then it wo n't leak . About 2-3 months after we started using the cup , dark brown/black spots started appearing on the rubber -LRB- ? -RRB- sippy part of the lid -LRB- the yellow part or the purple part in the photos . -RRB- With the first spot , I thought it was just dirt or a stain of some sort . I scrubbed and scrubbed at it , but it would n't go away . Over time more and more spots appeared - yes , it was MOLD . Now , I ALWAYS wash the cup , lid , and all removeable parts right after my daughter is done using it , so this is NOT a sanitation issue -LRB- on my part . -RRB- No matter what I do , the mold will not go away . It 's a shame , because this is the only BPA free sippy cup that is -LRB- supposedly -RRB- safe for warm liquids . After this happened to me , I looked up some reviews and saw that many other people had the same experience with this product . Thanks , Thermos , for cheating me out of $ 15 . We threw the cup away , and will NEVER buy their products again . Oh-and I sent a letter of complaint to the company , but never got a response .
 Also have found this sippy fairly non-functional . Unless you get the sippy portion in just right and tighten it extrememly tight , it leaks . So far , we 've only been able to use for H2O due to leakage . Does keep stuff cold , but for only 7 oz , does it really matter ? It 's empty within a few sips . Also an issue is it 's weight . My toddler has a bad habit of throwing his sippy 's in the car , so with this cup , we 've got a dangerous flying projectile . Too bad , b/c we love the concept of a non-plastic thermos .
 Ok , so the Thermos part of this is cool , and it looks cool . It 's nice to be able to keep milk chilled for 5-6 hours.Other than that , this sippy is n't practical . Why , because it leaks and is difficult to clean . Yes , all sippy cups do leak to some degree , but this one is one of the worst that I 've experienced -LRB- I own 6 different brands -RRB- . Also , it has no lid or travel sealing disc . So there 's no way you can put this in your diaper bag . It 's only good around the house if you follow your child around.This is on the back of the shelf and only gets used when all the other cups are dirty . Do n't waist your money . Get an Avent sippy cup instead , they work great .
 I was excited about this product until I realized that the thing leaks not only from the spout , but the sides of the screw-on top as well . Once the purple top spout is removed for cleaning , you can forget it - it does n't snap back into the pink top and it leaks everywhere . It 's almost as if it 's not supposed to come out , although it must . It did n't leak the first week because I did n't realize that the purple spout was a separate piece . I 'm definitely bummed , as they are n't cheap and I bought three . I 'll use them when she gets a little older and is n't prone to flinging the cup across the room . BTW , I just received the Kleen Kanteen 12-oz . sippy in the mail . After testing it right away , it leaks from the spout too , although not nearly as bad . Do n't use it on your carpeted areas , parents !
 I was so excited to get these cups , but the leak like crazy . There are 5 parts to the cup
 My baby grew out of this fast . She could push her feet out the bottom and pull her arms out the top . I suggest the swaddle me works way better and they have a bigger size when they grow out of the newborn one
 My daughter was 10 lbs at birth and this blanket was still too big for her . The point of swaddling is to wrap the arms , and this blanket just does n't wrap tight enough for that . At three months old she 's 17 lbs and can still get out of it fairly easily . You can forget about tucking the legs into that cute little pocket inside , then the baby just stretches her legs out and , voila ! no more swaddling blanket . Much cheaper and easier to just get a large , lightweight receiving blanket and wrap her by hand . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This thing is basically useless for my baby . The velcro portion is positioned in such a way that it 's impossible to get it snug enough . After rewrapping and going in to my crying daughter 5 or 6 times the first night , I fished my kiddopotomus out of the laundry , wrapped her up and have n't heard a peep since . This swaddler will be going straight to Good Will .
 Every child is different but my daughter hated this . She hated the swaddler , screamed and wriggled out whenever we put her in it , no matter how loosely wrapped . She preferred the sleep sack which is easier to put on .
 I 've had this stroller for a little over a month and have n't been happy with it . It is heavier and bulkier than I expected and it is very difficult to open up . Additionally , it squeaks constantly every time I use it . I 'm currently trying to return and exchange it .
 I have the Mosaic in Fusion -LRB- blue -RRB- , and it has been broken since I got it . The safety bar across the front of the stroller becomes undone from the body of the stroller , so that when the car seat is attached it droops . Very unsafe . We contacted Graco via e-mail within three weeks of our baby 's birth with this problem , and they promised a replacement part within ten business days . Three weeks later , no part , no e-mail , no phone call . We e-mailed again -- whoops , sorry , color backordered . Hello ! My kid is now six weeks old and I do n't have a stroller ! They sent a different color -LRB- pink -- I have a boy -RRB- and promised to send the right color when they got more in . Hello ! The colored part is a fabric sleeve that slips off the new one so we could put the blue one on . And thanks for making me wait ANOTHER three weeks for this replacement part that , hey , did n't fix the problem . So I called -LRB- my husband had been dealing with all this before -RRB- and they told me that I could ship them my broken stroller , then they would examine it and ship me another , which may take a month . -LRB- Did I mention my kid is now nearly four months old ? -RRB- They sent me a return shipping label -LRB- how generous -RRB- but with it was a letter stating that they can replace my stroller with any model they choose . So I called again , and they said that they could offer me a refund , but that would take six weeks to process once they received my stroller , and I could go buy another stroller out of my own pocket in the meantime . Whatever . Now they 've been discontinued and I ca n't get another that matches the carseat that my kid has practically outgrown now anyway . I want to have a matching set , or at least a compatible stroller , so that I do n't have to invest in ANOTHER stroller fiasco with our next baby . But I 'm about ready to chuck everything that says Graco on it right out the window . DO NOT BUY THIS STROLLER . DO NOT EXPECT PROMPT OR REALISTIC ASSISTANCE FROM GRACO . At this point , I will have the stroller situation settled at about the same time my kid starts high school . By the way , they never did follow up regarding the blue part versus pink part .
 I have to be vigilant when my 2-year-old uses the Thermos because if he places the cannister on its side , milk will come out of the straw . He also likes to turn it upside down , and milk comes out . I bought two of them only two weeks ago , and one broke today when it fell out of his bag . The cover cracked and the hinge broke off . As a result , the cap will not stay on now . I am looking for other alternatives . Glass is out of the question with my boys !
 I bought two of these cups , excited that they were stainless steel sippies priced less than Safe Sippy and some others . Besides , I 'd read that many of those had problems with leaking.Unfortunately , the Foogo leaks as well . As another reviewer put it , it 's more of a steady stream . It does n't seem to leak when the lid is closed , but when open , if the cup is turned on its side or upside down , the liquid just pours right out of the air valve . Ridiculous . My daughter just turned the cup over and enjoyed ` drawing ' with the milk that came out in a steady stream.I returned the cups immediately.More worrisome is the fact that several reviewers mention their children getting hurt , one needing ten stitches , from either being pinched by the lid mechanism or cut by the sharp edge of the lid . I feel like I should point this out since it 's not mentioned in the most helpful critical review .
 I bought what will probably be my one and only Foogo Thermos in December , replacing an older-model Thermos Funtainer . The lid latch on the old Funtainer cracked off , causing a milk flood in my daughter 's lunch box one day.Now , the new Foogo is leaking , and I 've tried both the original and replacement straws . I can see what 's wrong
 i purchased one of these for my son today and the chemical smell it has is just awful . i washed it and aired it out but it is still there . it is going back to target asap ! i also bought a funtainer straw bottle made by thermos for my daughter and it does n't smell funny and seems to be basically the same idea .
 I was so excited about the concept of keeping drinks cold for hours without refrigeration that I ordered both the straw bottle and the sippy cup . When they arrived , I filled both with water and tilt them upside down to test for leaks . The sippy cup was dry so I highly recommend it.However , a constant stream of water leaked out of the vent of the straw cup ! This was not a drop here and a drop there leak but a CONSTANT stream that only stopped when I tilted the cup back up . I tried unassembling and re-assembling the straw attachment -LRB- hoping that the set-up was just loose -RRB- but it was still leaking since there was NO valve on the vent ! The ONLY time that it did not leak was if you close the cap since there is a small nub built into the cap that pushes on the vent to prevent any leakage.In summary , if your child can neatly drink from a straw AND will close the cap everytime , then , this straw cup is ok . Otherwise , if your child may sometimes forget to close the cap and knock over the cup by accident , you will have a horrible spill on your hands . This is not a truly leak-proof cup as advertised . For this reason , I do not recommend this product .
 Unfortunately I live in the Philippines and could n't return the item . This straw bottle does n't look brand new . The color of the flip cover is faded and does n't match the shade with the rest of the body.The straw sticks out a little too much . I have to push it back to cover the top . The plastic hinge has signs of over bent ? Turned white like any plastic that has been stretched beyond its limit .
 We have had three of these . Two of them have had their flip lids snapped and cracked when my son or daughter dropped them -- and kids drop things ! The lid is just a very brittle plastic and with a hinge that makes it very vulnerable in a fall . I 've temporarily fixed them with superglue but it eventually cracks again . While thermos makes great adult products , a heavy stainless steel can is a lot for a kid . So otherwise its a beautiful mug , but gets very expensive as it breaks and drops . Thermos need to modify this and avoid a design with this brittle flip lid .
 At first , I was super excited about this product . It keeps milk cold for 8 hrs , so it 's so much easier to hand to your child and not stress about how long it 's been out.BUT ... the straw disintegrated under my son 's teeth . When I called Thermos , they told me too bad , and then they said that they do n't warranty the straw or the valve . When I asked for the woman 's name , she transferred me to a voicemail and hung up.So , also terrible customer service . Beware .
 We ordered two for our young children . The straws on both of them broke . We were unable to get replacement parts . Disappointing . More trash for the landfill .
 I was happy to find a BPA-free sippy cup with a straw -LRB- this was the only I could find -RRB- because our speech therapist suggested a straw sippy . They worked great for about a month , but they 're not very toddler proof . My son dropped them a couple of times and the ring of plastic around the bottom started to crack . The plastic comes off in sharp small pieces that would NOT be good for him to eat -LRB- fortunately he 's not sticking everything in his mouth anymore . -RRB- It also leaves pretty sharp pieces sticking out . Unfortunately , you ca n't just pull the plastic piece off because it 's glued on .
 We were extremley happy with this cup 's look and non leakage but it was heavy for our one year old , I still loved it but after about a month the straw broke ! It seems like a simple contraption but now when my son sucks nothing comes up . We ca n't figure out why and it has no hole , it has something to do with the non-leaking mechanism in the straw . Very sad it did n't work out .
 I bought two -LRB- pink and blue -RRB- . Both leak . I thought this would be the greatest thing since is was BPA free and cold keep drinks cold . I like the sippy cup by the same company but my daughter has graduated to the straw types . It started leaking from day one . After washing it , I would spend 5 minutes trying to align the vent hole different ways to prevent leaking . It was also dropped from about 2 feet and the hinge broke . No way to fix that so basically it now has no lid . I have emailed the company with no response and do n't plan on sitting on hold for 20 minutes like others have . I wish I could take it back . I am going back to Nalgene and Camelbak BPA free . Save your money .
 We purchased the thermos and sippy cup at the same time . I really wanted to like both items , but they leak way too much . The thermos fell over on it 's side the other day -LRB- noone noticed -RRB- and it made a huge puddle on the floor . It does do a great job at keeping liquids cold and my daughter loves the easy push button top -LRB- took her only 1-2 tries to figure it out -RRB- . But , Thermos needs to do a better job on the leaking issue especially if they are claiming it 's leak proof .
 I loved this thermos at first ... but after several months the bottom plastic piece popped off . For the price , I would expect this to last longer . I 've used the `` throw-away '' cups with straws for longer than this with no problems .
 I purchased two of these for my twin Kindergarteners . I love the concept . However , the product design needs tweaking . This container has four pieces -- the bottle , the cap , the sipper , and a long straw that extends into the bottle . The sipper has a teeny tiny hole in it so that air can get in and make sucking through the straw possible . If the sipper is the slightest bit off center , the teeny tiny plug in the cap does not fit into it . The result is leaking into the lunch box . -LRB- At present , I 'm soaking a vinyl lunch box that stinks of mold from milk that leaked out of this bottle -RRB- . Every morning , I fill two of these bottles and have to test them to make sure that everything is lined up and the product is n't leaking . Many mornings , I must make multiple adjustments in the position of the sipper so that the bottle does n't leak . I even tried replacing the sipper part and it did not fix the problem . The problem is not chew holes in the sipper -- I tested for that and there are none . I do not recommend this product due to the frustration of adjusting it repeatedly .
 I was disappointed to find out that the Foogo sippy cup is manufactured in China . This really should be disclosed in the item details . I would assume that this product is made in China as well unless you can determine otherwise.As a result of criticism received on my above review I find it necessary to elaborate . I purchased the Foogo by Thermos Leak-Proof SS 12 oz - Straw Bottle for my son for the same reason many parents have , a non-toxic alternative to the popular plastic products on the market . However , I also had another concern at the time of purchase . I knew I wanted a stainless steel product , the problem was I also knew I did not want one that was manufactured in China . I was concerned with the increasing number of lead tainted products being exported by the country and simply did not want a metal product from China . My problem was finding documentation on many of the stainless steel products on the market . During my research , I discovered that although Thermos has many products manufactured in China they also had a high end line that was manufactured in Malaysia . So I decided to take a chance and buy the foogo hoping that it was also from Malaysia since it had a higher price tag than the Chinese made products . I was disappointed to find out when it was delivered that it was indeed `` Made in China '' . In an attempt to save other like minded parents the same frustrations I reviewed the product , giving it two stars and pointing out that it was manufactured in China . I then proceeded to copy my review to the remaining foogo line of product , disclosing that I had not purchased them personally but to assume that they were made in China .
 My toddler was drinking from the cup . He was walking at the same time , tripped and hit his chin on the yellow lock that keeps the lid shut . That piece of plastic is actually quite sharp
 I purchased this set on clearance at a local Home Goods store . Although it looks adorable , the quality is very poor . It might be worth $ 20 , assuming it lasts , which I 'm not sure it will . Someone reviewed this set in a different pattern and said the filling in the comforter bunched up after one washing .
 I bought two of these for my toddlers , both are 4 and 5 . The picture is very misleading to how their head fits in the pillow . It states the age is 4 to 10 I believe , but the kids just dont fit in them as good as the kid on the picture does . I believe this was just a waste of my money , and my poor kids are left with no neck support on our long trip because I thought I was getting what I ordered ! : -LRB-
 My husband and I bought this car seat as we travel a lot and it seemed like the perfect solution . But this is not the case . I have not used the car seat in a plane - I tried it out in the car in preparation for an upcoming trip and was greatly disappointed . As the previous reviewer states , the LATCH strap -LRB- or seatbelt -RRB- goes OVERTOP of the child once they are in the harness . ???????? I thought I was doing something wrong during the installation , but no , this is how it is designed . I was NOT comfortable with this at all - the strap is at neck level ! It 's terribly difficult to push down on the seat to install it correctly when your child is already in the seat . Also , my child only weighs about 25 lbs - not a big kid by any standard for her age - and I could n't tighten the LATCH strap without squashing my child . The LATCH strap was n't even close to being tight enough to be safely installed -LRB- the seat was still moving all around in the car -RRB- and she was already upset because it was way too tight across her chest , pinning her into the seat . I can not imagine that this is a safe situation and I am NOT comfortable having my child strapped in this way . I imagine the LATCH strap is designed this way because of how the seat unfolds into a stroller , but not having the LATCH strap attach to the car seat frame does n't seem to be safe . One last thing , since the LATCH strap -LRB- or seatbelt -RRB- has to go across your child , every time you remove your child from the seat , you have to uninstall the car seat then remove your child from the harness . What a complete hassle . I would NOT recommend this product . I am returning mine and will be looking for another option .
 I purchased the `` Sit 'n' Stroll 5-n-1 Combination Carseat/Stroller '' from your Amazon store for $ 249.95 I was very disappointed with the item for these reasons : I am 6 ' 1 '' , and the stroller handle is too short for me to use comfortably - I have to stoopThe unit is very hard to convert from a car-seat to a stroller , requiring two people , and many tries . The unit converts too easily back into a car-seat , and it actually collapsed back into a car-seat with our child in it!The unit offers little or no head support for the child , and our child 's head falls forward in the car seat or stroller modes . Although she was belted in , her head fell forward while she was sleeping , and banged into these sharp plastic protrusions that stick up from the side of the seat , causing her to wake up screaming . We are lucky these points did not hit her eye.There is no washable seat cover , and the material , which is hot against the skin , collects dirt easily.It is also too big/heavy for use by frequent travelers who need to repeatedly convert and store the unit . It does not fit down an airplane 's aisle . Too bad if you also have a roller bag and diaper bag.The `` removable '' sun-shade is not easy to install , and would require tools to remove.Finally , the seat belt/latch is hard to install and easy to forget , as it goes over the child , instead of restraining the seat from behind like a regular car seat.We will be very wary about such multi-function devices in future .
 Last month I bought a Sit n ' Stroll for traveling with our 18 month old . It appeared to be the perfect solution for taking taxis to and from the airport and getting around cities.Frustratingly , this is not the case . As you 'll see below , the manufacturer 's representative has even admitted in writing that they 're receiving numerous complaints because the Sit 'n Stroll turns out to be incapable of handling either sidewalks or planes.In our case , it became almost inoperable after a single use . We closed it per the instructions and checked it at the plane 's gate as you do with any stroller . Even though the wheels should be protected once folded into shipping position , they turn out to be so fragile that one of them was damaged while in the plane 's hold . This made the Sit 'n Stroll VERY difficult to open and close and gave it terrible wobble when pushing it.When I contacted the company to arrange for a new wheel , I received an email saying wheels would not be available for 2 months due to an unexpectedly high number of customer complaints.Here 's a word for word quote from the manufacturer 's email
 I have to say that I 'm totally confounded by all of the positive reviews of this product when to me , it seems to be totally unsafe.I was thrilled with the sit-n-stroll concept ; especially since we travel so much - stroller and carseat all in one - anything to reduce the volume of stuff we have to lug on a plane and this seemed like a great solution . Although I can not discourage people from buying this more , I want to be fair and give pros and cons : Pros
 Strolex 2 is better !!!!! Is glides easily down airplane aisles . Returned Lilly gold after traveling solo !! Its heavy . . wheels broke and its over 19 inches wide .
 This stroller feature is be a great idea but not quite rugged enough for daily pedestrian useAs a legally-blind stay-at-home dad without a driver 's license , I have found the stroller functionality of this product to be extremely useful in walking back and forth the quarter-mile over paved terrain from my apartment to our local WalMart with my 1-year-old son in tow . It also works fine for my wife as a car seat in our minivan.But walking home with my Sit and Stroll this last time with groceries and my son was a disaster ... The front-left wheel assembly snapped right in two going over a sidewalk crack just as I was coming out of the store headed for home.Balancing the stroller on two rear wheels with the front end in the air without dumping my groceries or damaging the frame while traversing sidewalks and crossing streets was a tedious ordeal although my son was in no real danger since we in a relatively quiet suburban area.I thought I was out $ 250 but I found a wheel assembly replacement part on Lily Gold 's website for $ 13.90 -LRB- $ 5.95 + $ 7.95 S&H ;-RRB- . Our Sit and Stroll is definitely worse for wear ... - the frame now leans to one side though it still retracts/extends OK - the flap under the front of the seat has broken off - a wheel needs replacementRecommended only for light stroller use .
 My son is a premee . Even though we used this seat at 3 months , he was only 11 lbs . and 221/2 inches . He found it really uncomfortable . The pillow/head support hit him in the wrong place causing his head to be thrown forward . When used as a car seat rear facing , the angle of the seat tips his whole body forward . We had to physically hold his head against the back of the chair otherwise his chin would rest against his chest.We flew on Southwest and American . Once you get to the Coach part of the plane , the stroller will not fit down the aisle . You have to lift it up with your child in it above the heads of the seated passengers . If he were any heavier , I could n't have done it . He also , only lasted 1 hour in the seat before he needed to get out of it because he was so uncomfortable.This seat may work better for an infant that is older or bigger and does n't need to be rear facing in the car . However , you better fly Business Class , because I doubt you will be able to lift your 20 pound child in the seat above your head to carry him/her down the aisle to your seat.Since it is the only FAA rated seat that can be used on the plane , you do n't really have much of a choice as to whether or not you use it . In the end it is better to not have your child being flying projectile in the case of a sudden drop in altitude than the discomfort that he/she feels in the seat .
 I so wanted this product to work . I consulted the reviews here very carefully , and talked to another owner , before buying . But the product ended up just not quite working as intended on a long-haul trip with my 14-month-old son.First , let 's be clear
 As others have mentioned , this is a compact option for air and train travel , allowing you travel without having to pack a stroller AND car seat . That said , I would not purchase this item again because of the weak construction of the stroller portion.The name - 5-in-1 - is a bit disingenuous because 4 of the options -LRB- rear facing , forward facing , booster seat , airplane seat -RRB- can easily be applied to ANY car seat.Another reviewer mentioned this is `` not a stroller I would use on a regular basis '' and I could n't agree more . The wheels are so poorly put together that navigating simple rises in pavement or the space between the jetway and the place are extraordinarily difficult . We 've probably used this on 8-10 trips and the front wheels snapped off when exiting a plane this last trip - effectively making this a 1-in-1 sit 'n' drag . We ended up having to buy an umbrella stroller anyway , nullifying this product 's main benefit , compactness .
 We bought this stroller 8 months back . The idea was good we were happy still last month and all of sudden the plastic frame underneath got broke.The seller did not had the warranty information and manufacture said it only 6 months . I believe this product is not that sturdy and not worth it for our loved once . They should recall this product !!!! I can share the image if you need ...
 This combo-stroller works well as a stroller and is quite adequate as a car seat . It is quite easy to convert and fits through airport security scanners if positioned properly.My problems with it are-1 . It is unusable in most Economy airline seats as it is too wide . I was made to check it in on 2 consecutive flights .2 . It is overpriced for something that is basically only a car seat - stroller combo .
 We bought a sit n stroll a year or so ago , after borrowing one from a friend for a few trips . It is a great concept , but has some MAJOR problems . First , its very difficult to install safely as a seat , especially rear facing . Second , it rarely fits in an airline seat without the arm handle being up and encroaching on the next seat . Third , on the many flight we have been on it has never been able to fit down the aisle , meaning you have to dead lift a 30 pound kid and the seat and carry it down . Last , and certainly not least , they do n't stand by their warranty . The bottom piece of the entire sit and stroll broke off ours when we were deploying the wheels . Its completely unusable in any fashion . Had this happened while my child was in it he certainly would have been injured . Yet Lilly Gold tells me this is not covered by warranty . If it is n't I dont know what is . Save your money and get GoGoKidz wheels for your car seat . They are WAY better , easy to strap on and off , very cheap by comparison , and super light .
 I bought this to be my son 's primary car seat , now that he has outgrown his SafeSeat . I bought it thinking that it was the best option for traveling , and would be roughly equivalent to other convertible carseats for when we are not traveling . THAT is where I was wrong.This product is suitable only as your `` travel car seat . '' You will not want to use it as your day-to-day car seat . There are MANY reasons for this , the principal ones are enumerated below . - No ability to leave the car seat strapped into the car . There is no base to attach to . Thus , every time you need to go somewhere , you will have reattach the car seat , whether using your LATCH system , or using the seatbelt clip . I acutally use the clip a lot on my SafeSeat , because we travel in cabs a lot , and I do n't want to bring the base for such trips . While I appreciate the fact that with the clip I have the ability to travel safely without the base , it is not something I want to do every time I get in the car . And that is exactly what you have to do with this car seat . You have to reattach it EVERY time . Why you might ask ? What if I 'm not using it as a stroller , surely not then , right ? Wrong . Even if you plan on just leaving it in the car , you have to re-do it . This is because whether it is in forward or rear-facing position , the seat belt goes across the top of the seat and makes it impossible to put the baby in , or take the baby out without detaching it . This is reason number one why you would never want to purchase this produt except for travel . It is way too much hassle . - The straps go across the child in a way that is very restrictive . Other people noted this , do n't dismiss it , as I did . Particularly in a forward facing position , the seatbelt strap must be secured across the front of the chest in a way that is wholly restrictive of your child 's arms . - DOES NOT WORK in backward position . My son , unfortunatley , is huge , 24.5 pounds at 8 mos , which is why he so quickly outgrew his SafeSeat . Unfortunately , this product does not work well in the rear-facing position . I put it in , and it is clearly too up-right . Unlike the Graco products that tell you what is the safe angle , there is no such indicator for this product . But it 's prety obvious . And as another poster noted , it is not secure even in this upright position , even when tightly secured , the angle is such that there is no point where pressure is being exerted to prevent you from tipping your baby right into the seat . That means , if someone rear-ends you , your baby 's going smack into the back of the seat . I imagine the got approval for the rear-facing application by suggesting that you put a towel under it or something , but since there 's no way to tell what the right angle save guessing , this does not seem like an ideal solution . - Do n't even think about putting this in a plane in a rear-facing position . This butts up against the back of the driver 's seat in a rear-facing posiiton in a Cayenne . So unless you 're traveling on a plane with more leg room than a small SUV , you wo n't be able to use it in the rear-facing position.Basically , buy this product if you want a special car seat for travel . It 's perfect for that . You can go from a plane to strolling through the airport , to a cab , then back to a stroller . But for any application in day-to-day life when you do n't want to spend five minutes getting the car seat set , do n't buy it . I do n't drive with my son more than once/week , and I still find this unacceptable.And then there 's the question of whether you want to spend $ 250 for a car seat you use only when you fly ... and waste valuable storage space when you 're not using it ... I know I did n't . Gut now I 'm stuck with it , and I do n't have that storage room !! Ugh !
 if you are traveling on an airplane this works pretty well - easy enough to change from stroller to seat and back - it rolled down the aisle of one of our flights but was too wide to fit down the aisle of the other ; still have no idea how it works as a booster seat for eating at a tabletwo main issues
 Are you kidding me ? These are nothing special just a little plain pouch you could literally sow yourself . Plus it has velcro so stuff can get inside it is not very sealed and you want diapers to remain a little sanitary at least I do . Any cosmetic case that size such as Ju Ju Be Be quick for less money has more function such as pockets and wristlet ect . This is nothing . I seriously ca n't believe people buy these for that much . I would not recommend it for this price .
 I bought this play gym based on the picture and thought it looked really nice . When it arrived it was poor quality and the bars that go across the top are so flimsy that if the mat is moved at all they collapse . I would not recommend this play gym , I had to buy another one since this one was not safe for baby . I bought a Tiny Love 3-D play gym and I would highly recommend it instead !
 The item I purchased was listed as `` New '' . Car seats for infants have an expiration date and can only be used for 5 years . The `` New '' base I purchased was produced in 2003 and has expired , it is now 2010 . The seller will not return my e-mails for a return or refund . The money I spent was money wasted and when you have a new baby every penny counts . Do n't buy from this seller unless you are 100 % positive the item is new and not expired .
 I had no problems with the purchase from Amazon . The purchase was fine anddelivered in a very timely manner . The problem that I had was with Evenflo . I looked up what was supposed to be the base for a Carrier Carseat that was given to me and was led to believe that that was the base that fit the Carrier Carseat I have . I keyed in the product numbers along with the date on the carseat and was directed to that base . Unfortunately , that base did not fit the Carrier Carseat ; come to find out the Carrier Carseat that I have is out of date . The carseats have a six year maximum lifetime on them and then are not safe to be used due to the sunlight damaging the materials the seat is made from . I am extremely upset over the fact that Evenflo led me to believe that this was the base that fit the item I had . Needless to say , I had to take the ttime to return the item and then locate another Carrier Carseat , stroller set . It would be much easier if Evenflo would post a notice that certain items are no longer available when you key in the model/serial number and dates on the tag .
 This CD is so poor ... with one exception.I had n't heard of the most of the artists on this tribute album before ... and I quickly came to realize why this was the case . Elevator music.The reason I had bought the CD was to hear Mary Chapin Carpenter 's rendition of ` Grow Old With Me ' . WOW . This is the version for my wedding . Hauntingly beautiful . I had always admired her music and this only enhanced my thoughts on her vocal abilities.It is an expensive purchase for one song ... but if you want this cover version , well ... save your cents . :0 -RRB-
 With just two exceptions
 I love the originals , and some of the groups doing the covers , but this has to be one of the worst messes I 've ever heard.The covers are lifeless and dull , and even The Flaming Lips , who I thought could do no wrong , do a horrible cover.Get the originals , forget these covers .
 Boy , was this a disappointment ! Worse than pointless . Fortunately for me , I heard a library copy and have not bought it . Trust me on this
 Aside From George Clinton who else here has had John Lennon 's Impact or Depth?The Music & Arrangements here are Lacking.It 's Important to Have Artists that Bring Equal Importance & talent to a Project such as this .
 I had thought the product was BPA free . However , after calling AVENT the nipple itself is silicone -LRB- BPA free -RRB- but the hard plastic base contains BPA . My 7 month old generally spends as much time sucking on the paci as he does chewing the base , so I had to toss them .
 Cute colors , and i really like the smaller avent pacifers , but these are too heavy and fall out his mouth when he is almost asleep and wake him up . I also have Mam pacifers and I 'll buy those from now on . Dont waste your money . I do like the cover that comes with avent pacifers though .
 I 've used the swimmer 's defense on my very blond daughter for years . California baby has changed the formula of this shampoo & it no longer gets the `` green '' out of my daughter 's hair after she swims . The old formula was awesome & my daughter 's hair never had a green tint . This is the 1st summer that her hair had a stubborn green tint that would n't come out even after using this shampoo -LRB- this never happened with the old formula -RRB- . I do not recommend .
 Had high hopes for this shampoo , being a lap swimmer and liking to use natural products whenever possible . But no . This shampoo , used with the `` conditioner '' by the same maker , not only did not feel good in the shower but also left my hair stiff and frizzy with a straw-like texture . Truly the worst shampoo and conditioner I have ever used .
 I bought California Baby Swimmer 's Defense Hair Conditioner and Shampoo because I have sensitive skin and swim a lot . Although I had never had a skin flare-up associated with swimming , my dermatologist had told me that skin like mine can be very sensitive to cheap shampoo , so I decided that an expensive shampoo like this one might be worth the investment.Much to my surprise I had my first flare-up clearly associated with any shampoo upon the use of California Baby Swimmer 's Defense Shampoo and Conditioner . My whole face began to flush and to burn within a short time of using these products and it continued for several hours . I could n't believe that the shampoo and conditioner could be the cause so I tried it again one week later . Same result . However , maybe I should n't have been surprised because my dermatologist had told me that I should avoid ANYTHING scented and this shampoo is just about the most heavily scented shampoo I have ever used . In the locker room I was looking around to see who stank . It was me !! I tried to contact California Baby . I was directed to the website where I was directed to fill out a form . I was told that I would be contacted within a few days . Then after several emails I was told that I could get a refund . Several emails more and no response.To top everything off , when I used the shampoo on my three year old son he cried because it is not `` no tears '' as I assumed it would be . Furthermore , afterwards his hair looked dull , like it had n't even been washed , the same look my hair had the two times I used it . I 'm sure our hair would have looked better with dishwashing liquid !
 I tried a pack of these on my newborn son and had nothing but leaks , soaked pajamas and saturated mattresses ! Pampers are horrible and overpriced , they do not hold in leaks and leave nasty little crystals all over my son 's body . I started the Huggies Newborns and they held him to about thirteen pounds with no leaks at all and no more nasty sticky crystals over his body . What does that say about these products ?? Hmm . I 'll stick with Huggies and avoid Pampers like the plague
 I got them from a hospital , so I do not feel bad for spending lot of money for nothing . And it would be spenging a LOT of money for nothing . I am not gon na write a novel here `` this vs that '' , because all those reviews say the same thing . Nothing new . I will tell you though that as a hot mom I am a huggies fan for 2 reasons . 1st they DO NOT leak -LRB- and I am saying thins using all huggies for almost 3 years now -RRB- and 2nd is that thay are safe for your child . They are no animal tested -LRB- all huggies products -RRB- and they are not soaked with chemicals . And now I just have a little information for those `` MOMS '' who knows it all . Papmers and Luvs are one the same brand - P&G -LRB- Procter and Gamble -RRB- so of course they will be worth nothing :-RRB- !!
 I WAS GIVEN THESE AS A PRESENT AFTER MY PREEMIE SON CAME HOME AND THESE PAMPERS WERE THE MOST HORRIBLE QUALITY PRODUCTS I HAVE SEEN ! HE HAD LEAKS ALL OVER HIS PAJAMAS , STAINS ALL OVER HIS MATTRESS COVERS , DISGUSTING STICKY CRYSTALS THAT WOULD FORM ALL OVER THE INSIDE OF THE DIAPER AND BE THE DICKENS TO WIPE OFF OF HIM AND ENDED UP WITH THE WORST CASES OF DIAPER RASH I AHD EVER SEEN . NOW WHEN I MENTION LEAKS , I AM NOT JUST TALKIN ABOUT URINE LEAKS ... YUCK , YUCK , YUCK ! THESE NEVER STAYED IN PLACE AND WOULD RUB MY BABY 'S SKIN RAW . NOW THIS WAS WHEN MY SON WAS SEVEN/EIGHT POUNDS WITH DECENT SIZED LEGS AND BOTTOMS . -LRB- NOT CHUBBY BUT NOT SKINNY EITHER , JUST SOLID MUSCLE -RRB- I GOT A PACKAGE OF HUGGIES NEWBORN DIAPERS AND THEY PUT PAMPERS TO SHAME . NO MORE LEAKS , STAINS , NASTY CRYSTALS , NOT A SINGLE DIAPER RASH AND COMPLETELY STATIONARY ! I AM JUST VERY SORRY MY FREND WASTED HER MONEY ON SUCH CRAPPY DIAPERS . I WOULD DRIVE HALFWAY ACROSS THE COUNTRY IF IT MEANT GETTING HUGGIES INSTEAD OF THE USELESS , JUNKY DIAPERS THAT PAMPERS MAKES ! PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THESE AND INVEST IN SOME HUGGIES , THEY ARE MUCH BETTER !
 These are the worst diapers ever ! Did you know the ingredients in these diapers are unsafe ? They are not even allowed to put the same ingredients in maxi-pads , so why would you want that on your baby 's sensative skin ? PLEASE , if you must use disposable diapers , do your research . Do not put your childs welfare at risk for a ` name ' brand .
 These Pampers Swaddlers Diapers DOES NOT WORK ... for breastfed babys ! they leaked all over me and my sister -LRB- his mother -RRB- and being a first time mom is hard on her specially when she is breastfeeding 2 to 3hrs and the diapers was a GIFT ... but they arent bad . . they just didnt work for us ... i mean its your choose on diapers but we love HUGGIES DIAPERS ! so leak FREE ! we dont have to change his onsis everytime he poops ! i mean they should get a ZERO STARS but we like them cause they are cute but you have to FOLD them down for cord ! and i thought it had a special care free cord pre folded ! -LRB- YEAH RIGHT -RRB- like i want my nephew to go to his grandma house and then go poop ! and it be all over me or my mom ! or his mother for that matter ! choose something else!JUMBO ? PAMPERS NEED TO RE THINK THESE DIAPERS ! personally we like huggies cause they are more softer and holds wet farts -LRB- poop in breastfed babys -RRB- and i also think that they need to make a other kind then just sesame street ... my nephews gose though double diapers a day because once you clean him and change him he will enther poop or pee now i think there need to be not be sesame street on a diaper ... like mickey mouse or minnie mouse ? Swaddlers dosent even hold a wet fart -LRB- poop -RRB- GO WITH HUGGIES NEWBORN INSTEAD !!! MUCH SOFTER AND BETTER FOR BABY AND MOM ! PAMPERS SWADDLERS DOSE NOT HOLD BREAST FED BABY 'S POOP VERY WELL ! I KNOW WE CHECK THE STORE AND WE CHECK THE DIAPER ! BUT THEY DONT WORK ON BREAST FED BABYS !!
 When we ordered the swaddlers there was a picture clearly showed the cut . On the second day , the order was back-ordered . Then we got swaddlers without cut . Of course , now there is no picture shown on the website anymore . What makes it even worse is that they somehow was able to put a packing slip to Switzerland into my box.I have to return the order.The price is really competitive at 7.49 though .
 We used these when we first brought our baby home from the hospital , and they just never fit her right ! She was 9lbs when she was born , and the diapers just never fit her legs well . We switched to huggies and have n't looked back . They work much better and do n't have that weird smell the pampers have .
 I was extremely upset when I received the package and their was no cut-out . I specifically baught these diapers because the ad said they were . Horrible experience with amazon ! For all of those who are looking for the umbilical cord cut-out do not buy from amazon , for they do not have any ! Their advertisement is not up to date !
 I ca n't believe Pampers are selling these diapers for our tinest consumers and put them through misery , Pampers should have withdrawn it from the market . I bought these diapers for my newborn son and now I 'm so sorry for him . The diaper leaks through his back and every time I change him , I have to change his clothes , his blanket and his sheet . I have to buy Huggies and they seem to be doing a better job in keeping my son dry .
 We love Pampers diapers and are using them now because of their superior absorbancy , but I have to tell you that when our two children were newborns that the Pampers Size `` N '' did not fit them very well . My daughter was on the tubby side while my son was on the skinny side and neither was serviced well by these diapers.It was not so much a poopy problem for us , but a leak at night time problem which , lets face it , is no fun.My advice is to try Huggies first for your newborn , and to use Pampers for every size 1 and above .
 I 'm not sure if it 's just my son but whenever we use these dipers he smells bad , like chemicals . We do n't have the problem with any other dipers . But at the same time We never had a problem with the swaddlers leaking
 Ahh , the ultimate controversy . I feel like I 've graduated from college to adult when the hot topic with my friends has changed from ` boxers vs briefs ' to ` huggies vs pampers ' . We did stage our own version of the Pepsi Challenge , and purchased Huggies , Papers , Luvs and even some other random brand I found in our local grocery store . Huggies wins hands down . Luvs leaked all the time , and was even kind of scratchy . Pampers was nice and soft , but also leaked -LRB- especially the NB size -RRB- . For us , Huggies has never leaked . The elastic bands around the legs fit well , the diapers are soft enough to not bother my son . We 've used Huggies from size NB up to 3 so far and have still preferred Huggies in each size range.Within the Huggies line , I prefer the Ultra-trim -LRB- which I guess is being called something else now ? -RRB- over the Huggies Supreme . The Supreme were extra padded and tended to bunch up . They did n't leak , but they just were n't as comfortable for my son 's frenzied activity level.As for fit , my son has always been small for his age -LRB- 10th percentile in weight , 60th percentile in height -RRB- , so I 'm not sure if that makes any difference ... maybe pampers works better for chunky kids ? Which opens up another age old controversy `` does size really matter '' ? But that 's a conversation for another day.as an added note , I buy my diapers through -LSB- ... -RSB- and save lots of money by buying in bulk -LRB- can I say that here ? -RRB- . And for the hardcore Pampers fans , they sell Pampers too .
 We bought in bulk ... BIG MISTAKE . These diapers leaked from day one and our baby was well within the size/weight range . About every other day there is at least one or two bowel movements that this diaper just does not hold in ... Baby is soiled up the back , on the legs and sides , never to mind the ruined clothes , etc. . We are very disappointed with these and considering they are the most expensive ones out there , it is really displeasing . We have since used Huggies , Luvs and even the Babies R Us/Toys R Us store brand -LRB- at $ 5.99 on sale for a 40 pack compared to the $ 11 plus for the pampers -RRB- with excellent results -- I mean it - no leaks at all with the other diapers . What a shame that these pampers really stink !
 I received this stroller a week ago and I am very disappointed . Initially it looked great and I was very happy about my purchase . I assembled the stroller without particular problem but from the first day it was very hard to push like the wheels were stiff or something . The wheels do n't roll properly even in flat ground and it is absolutly impossible to push this one handed -LRB- with my 9 months older -RRB- . The next day I decided to give it another try with my son -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- and it was even worse . The stroller felt like we were pushing a broken shopping cart , it ' s extremely hard to push also with two hands and when we try to turn on the streets only two wheels stay on the ground.In conclusion I loved the features provides on this stroller , the soft fabric and the large seat but those are the extras and first of all I need something with which to bring my kids around easily every day ! Finally , the description says 14 lb but I feel like it is more heavier.In conclusion , I had more than ten strollers since my first kid was born and I have to say this is so far the worst .
 This is an attractive sturdy stroller -LRB- LOVE the UV shade ! -RRB- , unfortunately the rough ride on concrete and arduous opening and closing is a deal breaker for me . It now stays at grandmas.If you really are considering this stroller , I would say it works best for short walks or as an extra lightweight on hand -LRB- stores flat or stands upright -RRB- but I would not recommend it unless you can find a deal under $ 100 .
 I bought a Zooper Hula in 2007 . I can not begin to tell you how sorry I am . You can not access the basket if the seat is reclined at all . The seat does NOT recline flat . . or even close ! One of the handles broke within 3 months and no longer extends ; mind you this is with light usage !! It folds up , but it is very bulky and barely fits behind the seats of my Ford Explorer . The rubber on the handles wore quickly as well . The frame became somewhat crooked from folding and unfolding - which was not often because it was usually kept in the garage ... All of this is irritating , but the stroller still usable until the actual bottom frame of the stroller broke . My son unfolded it from the back of the car and it snapped . Unbelievable - he is obviously not strong enough one would think , but the product is so poorly made that it broke . GOOD RIDDANCE !! As for Zooper customer service - the other reviewer was correct . After sending a picture they said oh well , sorry ... . ie yes its a crummy product and theres nothing we can or want to do about it . Unbelievable . Moral - DONT BUY A ZOOPER !!!
 I purchased a different Zooper stroller after looking at many better known brands , but am posting here as I 've been very disappointed with this brand . Zooper comes with a lot of included `` extras '' - better canopies , rain covers , sleeping bag attachment , it stands when collapsed , it 's fully reclining , etc. . However , the Zooper is rather poorly made . The second time I ever used it , the canopy piece totally came apart , and screws and other little pieced went flying all over my kitchen as I was opening it . Zooper replaced the piece , but I had to pay for part of the shipping . The 5 point harness system feels cheap and uncomfortable . I rarely used the stroller when my daughter was a newborn because I found it easier to put her in a baby carrier . It 's much more convenient than lugging a stroller outside and putting her in it . So in the end , the fact that it was fully reclining was of little use to me . While I wanted the extras like the rain cover and sleeping bag attachment , I 've never used them , even after having the product a year . I live in a city with good public transportation , so we do n't have a car , and so I assumed I 'd be relying on the stroller to get around often . However , when it 's cold and rainy , I would rather take my daughter out well-covered in a baby carrier than put her in a stroller with a rain cover . So those extra features have n't been so useful . And finally , just a few months after purchasing the Zooper , I noticed that the rubber covering on the handles started to wear out and crack . I 've only used the Zooper about a dozen times in the past year , and now , a year later , it 's very worn and cracked . Customer service said they do not replace that piece . In short , I am unhappy with the purchase and the poor quality of this stroller does not make up for all the little extras included with the purchase . I had hoped that this purchase would last me several years and more than one kid . Unfortunately , I do n't think it will last me much longer . I advise you stick with better known brands that have proven they can last much longer .
 I bought this stroller in Waltz model that was made in 2007 . After less than a year of normal use , the canopy started to slide off so my husband had to zip tie it on . Then a few months later the bracket for the foot rest broke off . I paid almost $ 300 for this `` top of the line '' stroller and all I got was garbage ! To make matters worse , I called zooper for customer service and they basically told me `` too bad '' . They wo n't cover any of it , wo n't send me a replacement part . The guy barely spoke English and was not helpful at all . Stay away from any zooper products ! You will get ripped off and pay for something that is going to extremely disappoint you . Graco products are so much better for your money .
 I absolutely loved this car seat until my son figured out how to lift the harness adjuster lever -LRB- located between the legs -RRB- and loosen the straps to the point that he can crawl out . This poses a huge safety issue . When I contacted Britax they told me to use diversionary tactics to transfer his attention away from getting out . However , when trying to drive , this also poses a safety issue if I am constantly looking back and focusing on my child . Britax also told me that statistically , a child would get bored with this new antic after two weeks and that there was nothing that they could do . So in the meantime , my childs life is in danger every time I drive until he gets bored with his new found freedom !!!!!
 Purchased this mattress to go with the Delta Riley mini crib , only to find that the crib box says not to use a mattress pad more than 2 '' thick -LRB- this mattress is ca 5 '' thick -RRB- . So we had to send it back ... at our own expense -LRB- amazon did not fully cover return shipping -RRB- . Wah-wah !
 Given all of the great reviews of this mattress , I purchased it in August 2011 for my four-month-old baby . It is NOT a firm mattress by any means , but I felt it was firm enough for my baby . However , over time , the mattress started to get mushy in the middle . It became so mushy that my baby -LRB- who 's now 15 months and about 20 pounds -RRB- could not even pull herself up and stand on the mattress ; she immediately sunk back in on her tushy . So , I decided to return it in favor of a thinner , firmer mattress . My baby 's been sleeping on that one now for a week and seems to love it . I 'd be careful purchasing this mattress . It seemed good at first , but did not wear well after a few months .
 This is not even a little firm . I returned it right away . I do n't exactly want a soft , cushy style mattress for a baby .
 I find the product description and the other reviews very misleading . We purchased a mini crib to keep in our room so as not to wake our other daughter while we are sleep training our infant . We received this mattress today and I did n't even unpack it and just printed the return label . The mattress is so incredibly soft that just pinching it with my fingers caused it to go completely flat . I ca n't imagine this would safely support a sleeping baby , let alone be at all comfortable , as it is definitely too soft to meet pediatrician recommended firmness standards . Very disappointed and will keep searching for a better solution .
 Sent this back as soon as I received it . The rounded corners left huge gaps in my crib - -LRB- Babyletto Grayson Mini-Crib -RRB- . I also was unimpressed by the construction . It was rather bouncy , and I thought that could be unsafe when my son starts standing in his crib . I did n't like the noisiness of it either ; seemed like the coils creaked and the outer cover was really stiff and `` crinkly '' sounding . Anyway , I am pretty picky , so these are just my opinions based on what I personally expect of products I buy . I ended up ordering a Simmons 4 '' foam mattress instead , and it is PERFECT for the Grayson mini . Also , $ 15 cheaper and the quality is excellent . Bottom line , this coil mattress was not for me . Big dislike .
 I bought this mattress for a mini crib and it ripped at the seam the first day . It is n't very firm and it is very thin . It is a poor quality product that is n't worth the money .
 We bought this mattress in 2008 for our DaVinci Anabelle minicrib . It was great while our daughter was small , but after about a year , the outer shell started to crack . At this point we also started to notice indentations where she slept , and it became rather lumpy . It 's not that she was a heavy baby either - she was a preemie , and at the age of 18 months -LRB- when we stopped using it -RRB- , she was 23lb . While it was a good investment at the time , in hindsight it would have been better to spend an extra $ 40 and get a higher quality mattress.Unless you 're looking to save some $ $ , or you 're using a minicrib as short term/not every night for 2 years sleeping arrangement , I would n't recommend this mattress .
 We 'd purchased this mattress back in 2009 for our Dream-On-Me 2 in 1 Portable crib for our firstborn and it fitted perfectly ! It was a great mattress , not too soft or too hard , without any spaces between the crib and the mattress . When we moved from Hawaii back to the mainland , we gave the crib and mattress away to a friend.When we were expecting our second baby , we decided to go with a mini crib again . I looked up the crib and mattress via my old Baby Registry , and after re-reading the description that says this mattress is an inch longer than the others , I went ahead and ordered the same crib and mattress . This time though I was really disappointed with the mattress , there 's about 1.5 '' of space between the crib and mattress length-wise ! If that was n't bad enough , the mattress is much softer than it used to be , we 've had it for five months , and my 4 month old baby leaves a dent in it and that 's just from him laying and sleeping on it since he 's not mobile yet.I do n't know what happened to the quality of the mattress in 3 years but I would NOT recommend purchasing this mattress . I am currently looking into purchasing a different mattress for our mini crib ... especially when my baby learns to roll over or scoot .
 I am not saying that the other reviewers are wrong , but I just ca n't imagine they are describing the same mattress as the one that we received . This was a natural first choice to go along with the davinci alpha mini crib . It is made by the same manufacturer , suggesting a good fit , as well as has great reviews from other users . When we received the mattress from Amazon , we were to say the least , surprised , and not in a positive way . It fit the crib just fine , but there were a number of issues . It did not seem that the quality and/or the number of coils provided the firm support that is so important for babies . Furthermore , even slight pressure on the wet-proof cover -LRB- prob . vinyl -RRB- resulted in an extremely irritating sound . I could n't imagine how a tossing and turning child would not be bothered by it while trying to sleep . We decided to return this product and opted for the Colgate -LRB- Ecru/Eco version -RRB- Colgate Mattress Portable Mini Crib Mattress , Ecruand could be happier . BTW , if you go to the Colgate link , I think the negative reviews regarding the weird smell relate to the cheaper white version , which is not the eco version that we bought . Colgate mattress/Davinci crib combo works great for us .
 This mattress is not firm . I see no advantage to it over the 3 '' version . Also , when I received my Alpha Mini Rocking Crib , the instructions said not to use a mattress over 5 '' and this one is 6 '' - great ... We have n't used it yet , but it does n't even compare to my first child 's full size crib mattress - wish they had that quality for the mini crib .
 This mini mattress arrived today and is already re-packaged to be returned . I 'm surprised by the number of favorable ratings . It is way too soft for an infant mattress , in my opinion . It is not remotely firm and I think the quality is lacking , especially compared to the Serta mattress we have for our traditional crib . I really would not feel comfortable letting my infant sleep on it . She is 18 lbs . and sinks into it . I also agree with others that it 's somewhat noisy , it makes a crinkly sound with any movement . I 'm going to order theDream On Me 3 '' Spring Coil Portable Crib Mattress , Whiteand hope it is an improvement over this one .
 The mattress looked perfect in the pictures . However in person it is not good quality in the stitches . Down one entire side of the mattress it is not sewn up . Leaving the coils & mattress fibers exposed . This is hazardous unless taped up securely . We had to securely tape it from ripping any further . I am a little weary on using this for our new born as I am not sure if it will be hazardous .
 When buying a mattress for my son I was afraid to buy a less expensive one because I was terrified of anything happening to him because I was cheap . This mattress was not the right choice . It 's so loud !! As soon as I lay him on there to fall asleep the waterproof lining sounds like I 'm unpacking a camping tent and he wakes all the way up to scream in protest . Even when I put him in there completely sleep he will sometimes wake up . My son normally does n't mind noise -LRB- we have two giant rottweillers in the house -RRB- so I ignored the posts about noise because I figured it was just first time parents over-reacting . I really wish I had listened !!!!
 I am a RN and believe in safety first and always . I bought Davinci mini rib since they have the safest rating for cribs and the size was great for my mom &#8217; s house . Downsize , it is not the standard size of a portable crib . This mattress did not fit my min crib without bending , cupping , wrinkling , and providing a semi-unsafe mattress surface . This mattress was okay . It is light , not very dense so it did not give the kind of support I was looking for since it was for a crib . With the baby test , there were indentations left from her head and body . It was loud . I did not care for the materials . I think if it was for a portable crib that was used for short trips it would be an okay choice . Not super cheap , for just a few bucks more I cough the Dream on Me 3 &#8221; spring coil mattress that is substantially better .
 This seems like a comfy mattress , but it is going back because it is too tall , yet not long enough to work for the mini crib I bought . You really have to pay attention to the height of these mini cribs . Giving up 5 '' in height to accommodate this mattress , really limits how long a crib can be used . Plus , The mini crib I bought says no mattress thicker than two inches should be used .
 When we first bought this faucet cover , I was so excited . It was adorable and my son loved it . It was quite tricky to get on our faucet at first , but eventually I got it on . It was a tight fit and definitely a problem when we have guests in town . However , after only 4 months , now we ca n't get it to stay on ! The rubber has apparently loosened up to the point that it will not stay snug on the faucet . When we first turn the water on , it 's fine , but by the time it gets warm from the water , the whole thing pops off . So annoying ! :-LRB- Looking for a new one .
 I bought the hippo . Cute ... but it does n't stay on the tub spout . My son immediately pulled it off and wants to play with it . So now its just a tub toy .
 When I bought the product , it was indicated that it would fit most standard faucets . Upon the product arriving , it did not fit either of the standard faucet in my home . In addition , all other faucet covers that I have looked at were a little bit plyable . This was not . In fact it was hard , and the rubber it is made out of was not forgiving on little heads . I suggest to keep looking . I ended up finding a cute frog that did work on standard faucets , for about $ 5 at Wal-mart .
 The hippo is cute and all , but it does n't fit on my spout snugly . One pull from the baby and down it comes .
 I purchased this item for my baby 's bathtimes thinking it would be safe and fun . It has such a strong smell -LRB- the rubber/plastic/vinyl / whatever -RRB- that I had to leave it in the garage for 4 months before I could stand to bring it in the house . And , it 's so stiff , I ca n't fit it on the faucet . I do n't know what to do with it now .
 Dont buy or waste your money really bad . It gets a star because > The hippo is cute but it 's piece of garbage . Sending back hope I can .
 The Tubbly Bath Dispenser fit our spout just fine , but minutes later it would work itself off . We tried everything to get it to work with no luck . Fortunately , the company that sells it agreed to let us return it weeks later without a receipt or packaging . Do n't even try it ... it 's not worth it ! Look for something else . There are other faucet covers out there .
 After reading SO many reviews on this , some good some bad , I thought I 'd just give it a shot . The color could n't be THAT bad ... I received it and the color is HIDEOUS ! The green is this pukish looking lime and the squares are a nice shade of lavender -- not so good for my little boy ! Possibly for a girl , but the green is still just ugly . I left it in the bag with intentions on returning it , but somehow did n't get around to it ... you know how it is ... so just decided to buck up and try it out . If nothing else , I would now have the pattern to make my own if I wanted . When I took it out , the back side of it is totally brown , and actually sewn in a way that does n't look backwards . So I have been using it on the reverse side for a few months and it has been alright . It washes nicely and it 's pretty comfy for him but still holds him in tight . It obviously does n't have the rings on that side to hook on toys , but he is too enthralled with everything else that 's going on around him that he would n't even care if he had a toy in there with him . I love the concept of this product , I 'm seriously grossed out by bare shopping carts . It really has been a dream to have , but I 'm still looking for one that has a cuter pattern/colors to replace this one .
 This cover looked like it was pretty gender neutral so I figured it would work for my son and any future children we might have . I was wrong and should have paid attention to the reviews that said the colors were not as they appear . The blue is definitely purple and the green is really bright . I thought it was ugly and sent it back before I even opened it . Maybe I would feel differently if I had a girl , but this cover is definitely not for boys .
 I am rating this a one because of the color . I am sure that this seat cover would work wonderfully , however the color is so disgusting that I had to return it . The color in the picture is not a good representation of the ACTUAL color . It really a disgusting baby poop green ! . Believe me , I am not all that into style but I thought that it looked modern and neutral in the picture and would be a little less loud than the others but eeewwww .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . It would be fine if you lived in a warm climate . However , when we started using this stroller cover in the winter , it began to crack and split . If the weather is below freezing , the cover will crack just about every time you try to move it - like when you lift it up to get your kids in and out of the stroller . I asked other moms if they have the same trouble with their covers , and I 've yet to find someone who does .
 Obviously the instructions for this were written in another country . Some words completely mispelled . This may explain why screws and bolts were used interchangably and the parts list did not match with the number of times in the instructions that they told you to use it . -LRB- i.e. part B was a bolt and only supposed to have 2 but in the instructions were told to use at least 6 times . Some bolts/screws completely missing . Going to try to return to the store .
 This bed has the worst design of any piece of furniture I 've ever seen ! The pieces do not fit together and the holes for the screws and bolts do not line up . It is impossible to put this piece of garbage together ! After several frusterating hours , we returned it to the store . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I have three children , so I thought purchasing the extra monitor plus the extra camera would be a great idea ... not so , the first monitor works great solo . However , when I added the new monitor static was overwhelming . We placed this in many different locations in the room and still no luck . I tried just using the new monitor with the extra camera and the new monitor worked great ... solo . When you add this additional camera get ready for massive static . I will be returning this item . Hope this helps .
 I do n't have this model , but the one with the blue bubble shower cap , and it does n't seem to matter when reading the other reviews of this model because the mildew problem is still the same ! What were these manufacturers thinking ?! The design leaves MANY crevices where mold develops -LRB- under the flip top , the spout area , in and around the inside . . -RRB- . I have to clean it out every week if that , and even then , some of the crevices are too small for even a toothbrush to reach , so now I will have to resort to soaking it in a diluted bleach solution.The only positive to say about this spout guard is that , yes , it does protect your child from bumping his head , but when they 're toddlers , you will cringe to see them try to drink water out of the flip top and suck on it if there is MILDEW growing on the duck ! All in all , this is a horrible product !
 If you have a newer spout , this product may not work for you . It did not fit our `` standard '' spout -LRB- installed 3 years ago -RRB- . You may want to skip this product anyway . There is a bubble bath compartment under the duck 's hat which can allow mildew/mold to collect if left wet . -LRB- My mother has a similar Munchkin spout guard which did just that . -RRB- The following product has worked great for us . -LRB- Sassy 's definition of a `` standard '' tub spout is considerably broader than that of Munchkin . -RRB- : Froggie Spout Guard
 Do n't buy this ! Like the other reviews said , it collected mildew in many little crevices wayyy up inside the duck 's head . I 've scrubbed mine with a toothbrush , a sponge , I 've even bleached it , and I ca n't get rid of the nasty mildew . Do n't waste your money .
 These pull ups caused my daughters `` girl parts '' to burn and become red . They caused major irritation . In the area . She has never had a problem with sensitive skin . I urge other mothers to use with caution .
 these do not fit the weight that they say they do . the also smell kinda strange . a little less expensive than huggies but huggies are WAY better !
 My baby loved Dora . I was very disappointed . I have used Pampers since she was born but the quality of the Easy Ups is not what I expected . I feel there are store brand training pants that are better . I would only reorder these if I could get them dirt cheap .
 I bought these because I wanted to toilet train my daughter and she could pull them up and down . However , they are scented and are waaaay too perfumed ! I do n't know why they felt the need to add artificial scent to these , but I wo n't be buying them again .
 I think the title says it all . She had one on for two hours this morning and when I took it off , her butt had two bright red patches each about 7-8 square inches , neatly striped with thin even brighter red welts . So many thumbs down . I use Huggies for day diapers and overnights but thought I could cheap out for training purposes since these cost much less . What a mistake .
 I usually use Huggies Pull-Up but finding a good deal on these I got them instead very much regret it as most of the Easy-Ups tore while trying to put them on my daugther .
 I got these pullups for my two-year-old . They work with respect to dryness . But these pullups have baby powder in them , and that irritated my child 's bottom . The irritation got more and more red before I finally realized what was causing it
 Amazon offers an excellent price for this product . However , the pull-ups were so heavily perfumed -LRB- powder scent -RRB- when they arrived that I had to send them back . I previously bought these at a local store and they were not so smelly . I do n't know what Pampers has done to `` improve '' this product but the smell is over the top . If your child has any skin sensitivity whatsoever I would avoid this product .
 I used size 5 and 6 on my 2 year old daugher before they removed the size and put age on the box instead . So I thought my 2 year old should be able to use 2T-3T , it says up to 36 lbs . My daughter just turned 2 years old and she is about 20 lbs -LRB- she is a little small compared to other kids this age -RRB- . When I opened the box I could n't believe my eyes - it says size 4 on the back of each diaper ! It 's too small for my little one !
 As a long-time -LRB- I 'm a grandmother -RRB- user of Pampers products , I must say that this product is a DEFINITE NO on my -LRB- and perhaps it should be on others -RRB- lists of things to purchase . For months I have purchased Pampers by the case for my granddaughter ; you can imagine my horror when the last order of Pampers Easy Ups trainers had the new -LRB- but unmarked on the wrappings -RRB- dry-weave formula that resulted in second-degree chemical burns ! We had been warned by other users to avoid dry-weave , but , this came out of the blue . The first purchase of the Easy Ups were fine - not these ! I now have two cases sitting in my home that I am unwilling to give to anyone else . We have switched to Huggies without any problems .
 These training pants reek of some disgusting fragrance . I was truly afraid to even put them on my daughter once ... I did not want her to have some type of reaction/infection . I wish they would have marked the box and description `` scented '' so I could have passed on buying them . I wonder if the boys version are similarly chemically soaked ? I can not afford to find out at this point . A complete waste of money for our family .
 I have used This brand for the past two years and love this but its the first time I have purchased it from Amazon because the price was much better than the stores . What I will tell you is this is probably just a bad batch but my little girls bottom is all scrathed up from the band or material they used in this batch . I have never seen anything like this and I have used this brand like I said . I couldnt believe my eyes when I went to change her after using these . I am going to report this batch to Pampers as well because somebody needs to know how these were made . I love Amazon and buy frequently and yes I have had some issues with items but nothing like this . I will still be an avid Amazon buyer but this particular item was very disappointing to say the least .
 I bought these because they are slightly cheaper than Huggies Pull-Ups , but I 'll just have to pay a couple extra bucks for the Pull-Ups because these things are leaky . My 2 year old little girl is pretty big for her size -LRB- in the 95 % for both height and weight -RRB- so I bought size 5 , but these things do not fit her bottom . They are constantly off-kilter and leak in the back where they are supposed to go around her cheeks . If your child is narrow in the behind these may work for you , but if she carries a little junk in the trunk be ready for a leaky mess !
 I purchased the Pampers EasyUps because I have always been very pleased with Pampers products . They are generally the `` Cadillac '' of diapers . These diapers fit my daughter great and were easy for her to pull up and down ; however , since we are in the beginning stages of potty training , she had regular `` accidents '' . She did not always report that she was wet and if she sat in a wet diaper for more than a few minutes she would start to get very red and her skin would become sensitive to touch . After several days of use , my daughter ended up with a red , bleeding bottom . It was dramatic for her . I would just say watch your kiddo 's skin closely for a reaction so it does n't get too bad if your child is sensitive to these diapers .
 My daughter uses Pampers Cruisers and we decided to change to Easy Ups . Sadly , she is getting rashes and always on the top part of the back of the diaper . Will not be getting this again .
 I 've been using the Huggies pullups for a couple years now , but decided to try these because ... yes ... Dora is on them , and my girls are both huge fans . It was a mistake . The diapers are weak , and I have ripped several when pulling them up -LRB- which is , um , what they were designed for -RRB- . Additionally , they are glued at the seams instead of using the velcro-like stuff that the Huggies use , so if you 're in a pinch and want to put them on like regular diapers -LRB- not wanting to take off pants , and shoes in a public restroom , for example -RRB- you ca n't do it . I had a subscribe and save for this , but I 've canceled it and am going back to the Huggies . Keep in mind , though , that I have used Pampers loyally for several years now for regular diapers , and would n't think of using anything BUT Pampers for their Dry Baby or Cruisers . I just do n't know what 's up with these being so crappy . They need to be more resilient , especially if my little one is going to be pulling them down and up herself . So we 're moving on .
 I love pampers diapers but their pull up ones are not so good . Besides leaking there is no Velcro on the sides for easy off by mommy -LRB- do n't want to mess with a dirty diaper like that -RRB- . I really like the Huggies for the pull ups better .
 The packaging was ripped -LRB- it had a really huge hole on the side -RRB- and it looked like it was opened and taped closed again . I did not buy used diapers or open package , I do n't think I should have gotten a pack that was opened , damaged and returned .
 These pull ups are really small . It 's like they put the wrong size in the box . My child leaked all over the place last night in bed . What a mess to wake up to ??? Too small for the size that they claimed that they are . It looked more like a size 3 . Would not recommend buying these tiny pull ups !!! -LRB- my child is in the 10 % range , too . not a big child . -RRB-
 Very disappointed . Understand that these are training pants , but I have to clean up clothes and floors when she does n't make it to the potty .
 Baby dry size five is better than this one . It so small that my daughter she felt so uncomfortale though she is so tiny . She is only 26 months old . I wont recommend it to others .
 This a wonderful product and works well for my daughter . My complaint is not with the product itself but with Amazon 's service . I ordered two boxes of the easy ups and delivery was expected with one to two weeks of my order date . Six weeks later my order had still not shipped and no one could explain whay . Amazon needs to honor their expected delivery date . It takes less time to go out and hunt these boxes down at my local Target !!! DO NOT order these from amazon , it is a waste of time and energy !!!
 I ordered the 2T/3T which is what my daughter had before . These came in a size 4 -LRB- 2t/3t -RRB- , not even sure why . These are huge on her and she wo n't be able to wear them for a long time . I 'm going to have to switch to Huggies since these do n't come in a smaller size .
 I 've been using these for less than a week . We just started potty training our 2 yr old . She was in huggies pull ups but we switched just to try something different . Well were going to be switching back . She started to complain that her pee pee hurt and she would n't even let me touch her . She looks red and irritated and keeps holding herself . So we went back to pull ups and she 's been fine . Not sure if it 's the blue cooling strip that has irritated her or what . We 've always used pampers and have loved them . Not this time .
 I love the softness and design of these compared to huggies pull ups . However , the feel and learn wetness liner is horrible ! My daughter got a terrible terrible rash from whatever chemical is on the liner . If they made these without the feel and learn liner I would love them . She was n't wet for more than 10 minutes in the pull up and the rash was instant . It was almost like a chemical burn.If your child is sensitive beware !
 My daughter wore the size 4 's no problem , but within 24 hours of wearing the size 5 's , she had a flaming bum . Upon side by side comparison , the size 5 's have an elastic strip that goes right down the middle , front to back , and whatever it is made of created a horrible allergic reaction that took 1 ped visit and 7 days to clear up . I wrote to pampers who denied that there was anything different between the 4 and 5 , even though I could SEE that there was . Giving them the benefit of the doubt and wanting to recoup my $ 30 investment , I tried the diapers again , with the same result . After 2 years of only Pampers , we are now a Huggies household .
 These pullups do n't have the resealable sides like Huggies or Up and Up so it is not fun changing poopy diapers . I do n't plan on buying these diapers again .
 Just started potty training for my 19 month old , i bought the 2T/3T or size 4 and this is too small . She is not too fat or anything , very average at 50 percentile . they get stuck just above her knees and i have torn a couple of these already trying to pull these up . going for the next size now .
 Huggies allow you to open and reseal on the sides -- not so with these . You can tear open the sides -LRB- to change a poop -RRB- , but they 're not going back on . That was a deal breaker .
 I 'm a fair-weather fan when it comes to picking a diaper brand to stick with . I 'm not overly demanding . I just ask for it not to leak at night and not rip during changing time -LRB- anyone that 's pulled tabs off knows what I mean -RRB- . Well , these diapers have no tabs to tear , however , everytime I remove the -LRB- permanent -RRB- diaper wedgie from her butt -LRB- ever so gentlely , may I add -RRB- , the siding tears on the diaper . This has happened countless times already . It 's not a tear bad enough to trash the diaper , but the fact that it rips from that sort of action is simply ridiculous.My child wears size 4 in any other type of diaper or brand . So why it seems like these run small -LRB- and account for the permanent wedgie -RRB- is odd to me.These diapers also have no tabs -LRB- Huggies slip ons do -RRB- to tie up the mess afterwards.They are ackward to put on - certainly not the grab , slip , and go notion as advertised . They have n't leaked yet -LRB- thank God -RRB- , but I absolutely will NOT buy this kind again.Don ' t get me wrong , I like Pampers . I like Huggies too , though . But this diaper choas definitely has put Huggies in the front runner spot for me for our next box .
 We 've used Pampers since birth and have been very satisfied . However , when we opened our first box of pull-ups we were disappointed to find that they were heavily scented ! Nowhere in the product description or on the box does it state that they are scented . They 're going back .
 I use huggies 2t-3t but I was short on cash so I found this brand on sale and got this for our 3 yr old and next morning she broke out in rash that was so bad , the diaper rash cream could n't handle . I had to take my girl to the doctors office and they had to treat her with other medication , and it took a week to get rid of the rash . I would not recommend this brand to anyone even if it cost a penny.Don ' t waste your dollars on this brand of pull-ups . give your child the best pull-ups there is -LRB- Huggies -RRB- Good Luck in Potty training .
 These are a waste of time and money if you are truly trying to pottytrain . Only benefit is you do not have to lie your child down to put them on like a diaper , otherwise , they are just a diaper only more bulky . My daughter would see no difference between these and a diaper so she would simply wet in them and continue on . You ca n't even roll them up in a small ball to dispose like a regular diaper . I used them a few days then switched to regular underwear and old school rubber pants . My daughter is now trained . I bought these despite my gut feeling that they were just a marketing ploy but will not be buying them again when our second baby starts training .
 I am beyond surprised that there are no Velcro tabs to hold the dirty diaper together once you 've rolled it up . Throwing away open diapers will make the diaper pail smell even worse than it already does with closed up contained diapers . Would also be a pain if you ca n't dispose of the diaper immediately or if you 're out . I am disappointed because there were a number of things I did really like . My daughter wears 3T and 4T clothes and the 3T-4T size is a perfect fit . They are soft and thick and my daughter loves the Dora print . Unfortunately , the lack of velcro tabs is a deal breaker for me . Back to the Huggies easy ups for me .
 I got this hamper as a gift . I returned it the next day . The white paint chips off all over .
 I really thought that I would like to own this hamper when I was registering for my new baby . I thought it was pretty , and it would go well with the decor of the nursery . After actually using it , I wished that I did not register for it because the wicker does tend to be fragile and not sturdy . It 's purpose is more for looks than for function . The splinters come off into the baby 's clothes , especially from the lid of the hamper . -LSB- My daughter wo n't exactly be able to tell me that she has a splinter in her clothes because she is just not born yet -- due out next week . =-RRB- -RSB- The liner bag gets stuck on the wicker when I am trying to either remover the bag , adjust it , or place it back in the hamper . Also , I think that the hamper is a little bit on the pricey side . I only have it because I received it as a shower gift . I would never have spent that much money on a hamper . One positive note is that I still think the hamper is a pretty hamper , and it looks really nice in my daughter 's nursery .
 I bought this for my main bathroom , and was disapponted as it is chipping all over , and will not last more than 1 year . Will replace with a large plastic hamper which gives more depth but takes up the same amount of space . Looks nice if the paint did not chip and pieces of wicker were not falling off as well .
 Did n't like the Hamper at all the wood around the handles started to break . The wood peices break and are very sharp . Children will fall into them and hurt themselves . My children have walked past it and scraped themselves good . Do n't recommend around children .
 I really thought that I would like to own this hamper when I was registering for my new baby . I thought it was pretty , and it would go well with the decor of the nursery . After actually using it , I wished that I did not register for it because the wicker does tend to be fragile and not sturdy . It 's purpose is more for looks than for function . The splinters come off into the baby 's clothes , especially from the lid of the hamper . -LSB- My daughter wo n't exactly be able to tell me that she has a splinter in her clothes because she is just not born yet -- due out next week . =-RRB- -RSB- The liner bag gets stuck on the wicker when I am trying to either remover the bag , adjust it , or place it back in the hamper . Also , I think that the hamper is a little bit on the pricey side . I only have it because I received it as a shower gift . I would never have spent that much money on a hamper . One positive note is that I still think the hamper is a pretty hamper , and it looks really nice in my daughter 's nursery .
 I think this is a very pretty basket , but , the minute I opened it , pieces of the basket were falling off . For the money , it 's not worth it , unless you do n't use it and use it for show , because once pieces fall off they are very sharp .
 I thought that this product was going to be perfect . It looked adorable in the picture . I purchased it and when I opened the box I was covered in little white paint chips . Basically the paint was chipping from the entire basket . I had to return it to the store and then spent a week cleaning up the paint chips that I keep finding around the nursery .
 This little hamper is adorable , but looks are sometimes deceiving . It is not quite sturdy enough for the abuse of being used on a daily basis , or the abuse my toddler can dish out . Cute for `` looks '' but not an everyday hamper .
 I should have listened to the other poor reviews before buying this but I really liked the idea of the pillows on the side because my little guy is on the smaller side and I thought they would help prop him up better . The cover itself is too small to fit on carts . I know some people said that they did n't have any trouble with Target carts , but maybe the carts are different sizes because it did not fit . If I were to cover the handles , I would have had to stretch it so far that the holes where his legs would go through would be like 4 inches above the carts ' holes . So , it does n't cover the handle , the velcro is so loud and kind of difficult to undo and if you position the cover to fit where the leg holes fit properly , the pocket in the back flop over and slide down where his back should be . This cover also does not fit in highchairs . I tried and had to take the ridiculously large pillows out just to make it fit . When you roll it up -LRB- which is very difficult to do -RRB- , it feels as if you are carrying a sleeping bag !! I tried it . I hated it . I 'm sending it back . Great idea , but poor design . They need to make it bigger -LRB- which would make it really feel like a sleeping bag ! -RRB- and have a small tie for you to secure the pocket to the back .
 I had high hopes for this shopping cart cover , and in some respects , it did deliver . Unfortunately it mostly goes unused , and we 've started using one of the extra-large , elasticized `` floppy '' covers instead.Basically , the cover is very well designed , it 's just too small . I love the little side pillows , which can be removed as baby gets bigger . The pockets and toy straps are really useful , and the way the bag rolls up into a neat little duffel is pretty ingenious . The design for attaching the cover to the cart using Velcro would be terrific - if it fit ! Unfortunately , this cover is too small to be used properly in an average size shopping cart . I tried it on the carts at Target , and there was no way I could actually wrap the front of the cover around the handle of the cart and attach it with the provided Velcro . If I had , the bottom of the leg openings would sit about five inches ABOVE the seat ! I 've examined the photo included with the product description closely and concluded that either the one they sent me is much smaller , or the shopping cart used for the photo is incredibly small.Oh , and one other thing - the color and pattern . Not a big deal , but the color/pattern is not as pictured on the product description . It is indeed a `` sage pin dot '' - that is , it 's sage green with white pin or polka dots.Overall a great idea for a design , but poorly executed . Unless you 're shopping at stores with tiny carts , I 'd look for a different style of cart cover .
 The first few times we went out to smaller stores with tiny carts , it seemed great . The we went to the grocery store
 Did n't like the pattern and was expecting the Sage Pin Dot pattern as described , however when I received this , it is blue . Had to pay for shipping again to return the item .
 the IDEA of this seat is fantastic . the issues i had were 1 - the seat doesnt fit every toilet , 2 - the seat does not stay up when boys need to use the toilet and 3 - it gets FILTHY when boys pee . if you have girls only the seat would rock LOL . i clean my toilet EVERYDAY regardless but i found myself having to scrub all three parts after every use . not cool . great idea like i said but i wish they made them specific to the toilet you own .
 We got this seat about a year ago for our son . The concept is great and has worked pretty well , however , there is one major fault ... my husband hates it ! When you put the entire seat up for the guys to urinate , it does not stay up on it 's own ! He has to hold it up while he is urniating or else the seat comes crashing down . So , needless to say we will be getting rid of it soon . Also , my son often complains that it hurts his rear end when he is sitting on it longer than a few minutes . I would n't recommend this product if you have a man living in your house unless you want to annoy him on purpose . : -RRB-
 I really liked this potty seat , until it broke in half . I only used it for about 3 months before it broke at the middle . Until that time , it was the perfect thing to get my 21/2 yr old to go potty on the go . I wo n't be ordering another one . . just not worth the money , but I suppose it did achieve the goal of getting my daughter to use public toilets -LRB- now she just goes with `` support '' from mommy -RRB- , do I do n't consider the original purchase a total loss .
 This toilet seat would be great -LRB- portable , nicely padded -RRB- IF the hole were big enough for a toddler to successfully pee IN the toilet . My daughter makes a mess every time she uses this toilet seat . It 's just something about the way it 's designed , because we do n't have this problem when we use our non-portable potty seat . This seat was a big disappointment .
 Beware ... buy this only if you want to see your child fall into the potty ... This may be one of the worst purchases I have ever made ...
 * UPDATED * As I previously wrote , this does not stay well on the toilet . It fell into an elongated toilet and my daughter also fell in . She did not want to use it any time after that . And I will not be using it again . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ This is a good size for travel . But it does n't stay on too well on the toilet . Because it 's so small , my 19 month old daughter 's legs always stick straight out when she sits on . Especially since you have to put it towards the back on the toilet for it to even stay on .
 I 've potty trained 3 kids with the first two we got a cheap fold up seat for when we were out it worked fine . For number three I bought the Mommy 's help cushie traveler the idea that it came with it 's own bag and was cushioned sold me . Well the first time we used it it flexed under my 2 year old 's weight -LRB- 30lb -RRB- when he used his hands to stabilize himself the seat ended up pinching him enough to leave a red mark and breaking the skin . This seat is now useless since when ever we are out in public and I go to use it he yells NO SEAT HURT ME ... I did read the other reviews and it seemed there were many more positive ones so I took the gamble for us it did n't pan out . Like I 've said I have potty trained three kids so I 'm not new to the concept of how to use a folding potty seat , this one just misses the mark
 I did n't like much . Plastic cover is not stable after few use it started tearing and you can see form inside it .
 Do n't waste your money because you ca n't return this item.This so-called traveler toilet is not usable . It is too small for the large typical public toilet . It is flimsy and bends frighteningly underneath small children even if you push the traveler seat all the way back so it is supported underneath the back -LRB- as per the included instructions -RRB- . It slips slips slips . I ca n't think of a single use for it . Even at grandma 's house we would be better off just keeping a proper toilet seat there like the Baby BjornBABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer - White / Black.We have had much better luck in public toilets using theKalencom 2-in-1 Potette Plus Blue . The Kalencom is very sturdy and has good -LRB- but not perfect -RRB- non-slip grips . It is not a perfect seat because it is not flat but our kids do not mind it a bit and we find it much easier to use .
 This seat pinches my two-year-old 's bottom . She refuses to sit on it unless I place my hands over the side seams .
 The hinges broke after being used 3 or 4 times so that it collapses in when put on the toilet . The plastic piece that the screws go in to broke right off so it 's not just a matter of screwing them back .
 this potty seat worked for a couple weeks . The hinges broke , it split and would no longer sit on the toilet seat .
 Not too large to take with us for potty trips away from home , but the product is flimsy -LRB- the hinges on the bottom are plastic -RRB- and it has dropped my daughter in the toilet . It does not stay in place very well at all on elongated seats . You pretty much have to stand there and make sure it does n't slip forward so the rear of the seat is not supported while your little one goes . A good idea for more sanitary bums and kids who wo n't sit on public toilets yet , but overall a flimsy , not-worth-it product .
 At first glance , this looks like a great seat . I love the regular Cushie Tushie and thought the travel one would be perfect . However , the travel version has issues that I have n't seen others mention yet . The plastic heat sealed seams pucker at the corners as gathered fabric will usually do at corners . However , the gathered plastic is scratchy , almost sharp and irritated my toddler 's bottom . She refused to use the seat after the seams scratched her bottom and thigh .
 I thought this would be great for when we are on the go , WRONG !! It slips around on almost all elongated public toilet seats . Also , my son is 30 lbs . and it would flex a bit under his weight making him feel very uncomfortable ! It would be easier to take a regular potty insert with us !
 Pros
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I think some parents need to know this . I loved the idea of having a cushy toilet seat that folds . We only used it few times then the seat broke while my 3 year old was seating on it ! This obviously was n't made to hold more than 34 pounds -LRB- that 's what my 3 year old weighs -RRB- ! Couple of screws came out then the seat fell into the toilet along with my son . I do n't recommend it for any kid over 34 pounds ...
 This seat worked a total of two times before collapsing & dumping my son in the toilet . Worst travel toilet seat , ever . I followed the directions , making sure it sat well back on the toilet when in use , but it still sagged every time he used it , and then it just folded inward while he was sitting on it one day . Now he 's scared to go on the `` big potty '' and begs me not to drop him in the potty whenever he goes . Thanks for creating a phobia for my son , Mommy 's Helper . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought this seat for my potty-training two year old . I thought the plush seat would be comforting to him while learning to use the toilet in strange places . This seat is flimsy and unreliable . It has to sit back on the toilet and my son would have to remove at least one leg from his pants in order to accommodate sitting that far back on the toilet . It also folds in a way that makes it seem like it will collapse into the toilet at any moment -LRB- and one time it did ! -RRB- I am throwing it out and buying a different one . It was a waste of money
 Here 's the thing . It may work on some toilets but others it does n't . So I had to stop and use this at a fast food restaurant and the worst thing that could have happened , happened ... it collapsed and my daughter fell right in the toilet in a public bathroom ewwwwwwwwwwww OMG I thought I was going to die !!! Love the concept but honestly not worth the fear of this happening again ! NO WAY !! I am going to buy one that is a seat that pops up and is a stand alone that I can use on the side of the road or the car or just bring it into a bathroom and not have my daughter touch anything uhhh I hate public restrooms !!!
 I thought this would be a great item for my toddler who is now potty trained enough to go in public restrooms . The toilets in most of these restrooms are shaped just like this seat , only larger . No matter how much I try to put the cushie seat all the way to the back of the seat , it still slides forwards and almost falls in with my toddler 's weight . The paper seat covers are a much better option and I do end up using them if they 're there . If I had known , I would have stuck with buying just paper , throw away seat covers .
 I ordered this potty seat on July 19th and should have received it no later than July 28th . Today is July 31st and the order has not even been shipped out ! I have attempted to e-mail Baby Age and they have ignored my e-mails . Baby Age is anything but a quality company and I will NEVER , EVER do business with them again ! I strongly urge anyone viewing this product to do the same !!
 It broke in 2 at the middle fold dropping my 28 lb 3 yo daughter and the booster into the toilet water in our public library.We had only used it occasionally for a few months . Until it broke it was very good , soft , secure , portable , and easy to clean , with a nice washable bag to store it in - but I think my daughter will now feel less secure on the potty after it broke under her dropping both her and the broken booster into the cold dirty water .
 This would be a great idea IF it actually worked well on elongated toilet seats . Most all public restrooms have elongated toilets and I also have elongated toilets at home ... does n't work well at all !!! Slips around and easily . Very unhappy with this purchase . If you only intend to use it on regular size toilets then it 's fine . Description of this product should be changed .
 I rescued my toddler from a near drop into the public bowl when he started shifting around a little on the seat . It is most definitely NOT secure on the usual public restroom seats . If you put it all the way to the back , the front two sections squeeze in towards each other and if you put it all the way to the front or in the middle , it shifts around just as much . One wiggle too much and the edge will plop into the toilet , along with your kid . : -LRB-
 This seat was a lifesaver for awhile , but then it snapped into pieces . It is just not that sturdy . Also , I agree that depending on the size of the toliet , it is not always that secure . I am going to buy a full size , one piece non-folding one this time around , put it in a plastic bag and just have more to carry . It may not be as convenient but it is preferable .
 I have the larger step stool version of this seat , that my son has been using for over a year now and it is wonderful so I thought I would give this a try and it does not fit very well on toilet seats , even pushed all the way back like the directions say . The hole opening is very small , almost looks like it would work for an infant , not a potty training toddler . The seat with the step made by this company is totally different , has a wider hole and a cushier seat and fits very well on the toilet . But when you push this to the back it leaves a large gap in front and nothing supporting the front end of the seat . I did n't even let my son try it , it did not look safe or sturdy .
 I thought their products looked really cute online so I ordered one of their children 's growth charts . Unfortunately , I ran into problem after problem with them -LRB- product was delayed , then it never arrived ... apparently , it got `` lost in the mail '' , followed by another delay -RRB- . I found customer service very prompt and courteous , but when I received an automailer from Amazon asking how I rated my interaction , I had to answer honestly that I had run into problems and had not received my package yet -LRB- despite the excellent service -RRB- . I could n't believe that the vendor read my feedback and decided to cancel my order !! If they did n't want my feedback , they should n't have asked for it ! I am pretty disappointed as I would have waited -LRB- despite all of the problems -RRB- for the product . To me , this is a total cop-out . Customer service responded that they apologized for this `` rare event '' . Unfortunately , it is my ONLY experience with this vendor and it has left a bad taste in my mouth .
 I successfully ordered this growth chart before , but not so successfully , this time . The connecting string was not long enough to allow the 3 pieces to hang properly and the centre piece was upside down . Disappointing . Sending it back cost me 25.00 and change and and I only got 5.00 and change credit for shipping . I should have just kept it for all that it cost me .
 Very disappointed with this item . I purchased it as a gift and the growth chart was put together backwards . It will have to be taken apart and put together in the right order . It bypasses the date for being returned which I would not receive a full refund .
 This car seat makes it nearly impossible for you to strap the child in properly . It uses a double strap apparatis that the childs hands get stuck in . It is extrememly difficult to adjust and it takes up so much room in the car .
 While this is certainly a cushy seat , the knob & lever system on the lower sides of the seat used to tighten and loosen the shoulder straps were frustrating to use , and finally broke after only 5 months of use -LRB- conveniently for Evenflo , they only warrant the seat for 90 days -RRB- . The lever would frequently stick , preventing the straps from being loosened -LRB- which could be tragic in a true emergency -RRB- , and finally , it stopped working altogether , enabling the knob to be turned while neither properly tightening or loosening the shoulder straps . Seats that have the lever system on the lower front/middle are much easier to use , and have less problems . The Graco Comfortsport & Safe Step seats have this sytem , and work just fine .
 These diapers just did not work for us . I was given these diapers for my twin babies as a gift and they were the WORST diapers I ever used . With my other children I used pampers and they worked great so when I received so many packages of huggies I decided to try them . My little guy is just 5 lbs and his twin is sister is 7 lbs they were HUGE on both him and her and to get them tight enough I had to overlap the tabs - my little guy STILL leaked all over the place . The backside of his pajamas were literally soaked from buttocks to shoulders and the diaper was totally dry - I tried to reposition his little area and that did not help . However my daughter did n't have the wetness issues we had with our son . After two more accidents like the one described in the same night I decided to return all the diapers and get pampers swaddlers instead . We have not had the accidents with pampers like we did with huggies and they fit much better as well-we will never use huggies ever again !
 We purchased two of these bags for use in our diaper pail . After being washed twice one of the bags started leaking through the PUL -LRB- as if the PUL was permeable -RRB- . I now notice that the second bag is doing the same . I would not recommend these bags since they do n't do what they are supposed to .
 The bag is not the best wet bag I 've purchased , but it was the least expensive . The stitching at the top is already coming off and I 've only washed it once !
 i got 2 of these wetbags as gifts . my blue one had the stitching start unraveling after less than a month of use . the red one had the zipper pull fall off after 4 months . both of these leaked thru the PUL -LRB- and not with soaking diapers inside -RRB- . they are a great size for travel , but i ca n't use them anymore b/c they are falling apart . ** UPDATE
 I ordered two of these . The size is perfect for taking on outings and I thought I 'd love them . However , the serging inside the bag unravelled on both of them after the first wash -LRB- in the washer , not dryer -RRB- ! It was very disappointing ! Happily , I was able to return them for a full refund .
 The material is nice , the `` coordinating zipper '' is just off-white on an orange bag and the loop is white - sloppy color coordination . The zipper is the cheapest of cheap zippers with a metal pull ; however the teeth seem tight so they 'll probably keep odors in the bag . The stitching quality is not commercial or quality handmade ; it is homemade in a hurry . The tension is looser than it should be and already unravelling as I unpacked it . The seams at each end of the zipper were not reinforced -LRB- or even finished , as the threads are still loose -RRB- , and the zipper is longer underneath , so you start pulling those threads out even more when the zipper is used . The stitching used to attach the zipper is n't parallel to the top edge on one side of my bag , and the reinforcing -LRB- going back and forth a couple of times -RRB- is really sloppily done ; the zipper was n't even attached with a `` zipper foot . '' At least that thread matches the bag fabric ; the seams are just done in white so all the loosening stitches show.It 's a nice size , the material feels good -LRB- though it seems like it will snag a lot -RRB- . Would not buy again though is n't worth the bother of returning . And now I 'm inspired to make my own for a buck since I did n't realize zippers could be attached as such without a zipper foot!Mommy 's Touch offered to replace it -- but only if I pay return post .
 I bought this highchair in the blue color actually , and to be fair I have to say that it is beautiful and very stable and sturdy and easy to clean . That said this chair after six months of use now needs its screws to be re-drilled because they wore out the wood . You see the tray slides in and out and you secure it with two large screws which are drilled into the wood ... seems like for a well designed chair and for this price they should 've thought of a better system than screws to secure the tray . I mean you will use the screws at least three times a day so eventually they will wear out . . it 's just not a good system . Now the left screw just falls out and the chair is unsafe to use until I re-drill both screws and hope they wo n't wear out as soon because if they do there is no more room to drill if I want my child to be able to squeeze into the chair ... Other complaints
 I love Baby Star products so I hate to say the Diaper Burps are ... ummm ... I am not even sure how to put it ... not practical , that is as nice as I can be . The picture makes it look beautiful and maybe somewhere in the description it says that when you unfold it the two outside pieces are cloth diaper material and not a solid blanket . Either way , I bought it and when it is folded it is beautiful . But who wants a baby to spit up on a pretty blanket -LRB- Is n't that why we buy burp cloths ? -RRB- And if you use the diaper part , what is the use of having the blanket on it . I personally thought that this would be an even tinier version of the mini and a perfect size for a newborn . Maybe that is what I get for thinking . If you buy it as a gift because it looks pretty folded , I guarantee when they pick it up and see the diaper portion they are going to wonder what it is . Everyone who has seen mine has had that reaction .
 I love Baby Star products so I hate to say the Diaper Burps are ... ummm ... I am not even sure how to put it ... not practical , that is as nice as I can be . The picture makes it look beautiful and maybe somewhere in the description it says that when you unfold it the two outside pieces are cloth diaper material and not a solid blanket . Either way , I bought it and when it is folded it is beautiful . But who wants a baby to spit up on a pretty blanket -LRB- Is n't that why we buy burp cloths ? -RRB- And if you use the diaper part , what is the use of having the blanket on it . I personally thought that this would be an even tinier version of the mini and a perfect size for a newborn . Maybe that is what I get for thinking . If you buy it as a gift because it looks pretty folded , I guarantee when they pick it up and see the diaper portion they are going to wonder what it is . Everyone who has seen mine has had that reaction .
 I bought this because I love the look of it and thought my daughter would enjoy a personal sized blanket . It is a beautiful blanket and very soft but if your baby is a chewer , then the fuzz from the `` Cotton Candy '' blanket will come off in their mouth . Also , the satin border is much stiffer than I expected . I bought a Little Giraffe chenille blankie that I am much happier with now !
 I bought this because I love the look of it and thought my daughter would enjoy a personal sized blanket . It is a beautiful blanket and very soft but if your baby is a chewer , then the fuzz from the `` Cotton Candy '' blanket will come off in their mouth . Also , the satin border is much stiffer than I expected . I bought a Little Giraffe chenille blankie that I am much happier with now !
 These outlet covers do not fit traditional outlets . Notice that there are 2 screw holes -- one on top and one on bottom . They did not line up with the standard outlet screw holes . Better to go with a brand that has one screw hole in the middle , as is typical of most outlet covers .
 The quality of pillow cover is okay , but the pillow itself is too stiff , and definitely not worth my money . Not even close to a quality synthetic down that you can easily find from premium bedding brands . I do n't see any difference between Premium Comforel Down and the regular one -LRB- Synthetic Fiber Filler -RRB- , which Comforel Down is supposed to be superior . Perhaps I should have invested extra $ $ $ and bought Natural Goose Down Filler instead of this bulky , cheap one .
 This pillow is nothing like it looks in the photos . It is stuffed so much it is simply too firm to cuddle up with . It 's like an overstuffed tube ! Also the included pillow case shrinks when washed and dried making it nearly impossible to put on the the pillow and once on it makes the pillow even stiffer being that it is stuffed into a pillow case that is too small . I am far from pleased with this purchase and now have to go through the hassle of returning it : -LRB-
 I absolutely love the pillow , and rate it a 5 . However , the pillowcase that came with it left much to be desired , and I 'm assuming this is the same case . After only two washings in cold water , and two trips through the dryer on Low , it had shrunk so much that it actually straightened out the pillow when I struggled through putting it on for the third time . I 've had to switch to using two king-sized pillowcases , which leaves a lot of loose fabric around the curved end , until I have time to tailor one of the cases to fit the curve . Quite a disappointment , but at least the pillow itself is still something I love .
 This review is for the case only!I originally purchased the pillow , which came with the case , 6 years ago while pregnant and have n't stopped sleeping with it since ! Besides doing wonders for my back , one of the things I 've always loved most was the case due of it 's cozy & comfy softness , which is very important to me . I was bummed to recently notice that after many washings , the case had finally started to rip at the seams . So , I decided to order a new one and was glad to see it still advertised as being made of a `` soft sateen '' material . HOWEVER , I was extremely disappointed when I opened my package today - I immediately noticed a difference -LRB- I remember 6 years ago the case felt soft even before washing ! -RRB- . It felt somewhat rough and scratchy . After carefully washing it , even adding baking soda & vinegar to the cycle -LRB- which helps bring out the softness in fabrics -RRB- , it still feels rather rough & scratchy :-LRB- It 's not even close to being as soft as the original case , and definitely does not have that `` sateen '' feel & finish like the old one . Never mind that it also shrunk a bit after washing , even though I dried it on he lowest heat setting , and does not fit as well as the old one . It 's unfortunate that something has obviously changed over the years - the fabric quality & description of this case should no longer be advertised the same as it was 6 years ago , that 's for sure !!
 I bought this because I love the look of it and thought my daughter would enjoy a personal sized blanket . It is a beautiful blanket and very soft but if your baby is a chewer , then the fuzz from the `` Cotton Candy '' blanket will come off in their mouth . Also , the satin border is much stiffer than I expected . I bought a Little Giraffe chenille blankie that I am much happier with now !
 I bought this because I love the look of it and thought my daughter would enjoy a personal sized blanket . It is a beautiful blanket and very soft but if your baby is a chewer , then the fuzz from the `` Cotton Candy '' blanket will come off in their mouth . Also , the satin border is much stiffer than I expected . I bought a Little Giraffe chenille blankie that I am much happier with now !
 My boyfriend has dandruff and has been using head & shoulders for years . We 're trying to find natural shampoos but have had no luck so far . This shampoo did nothing for his dandruff . If you need something for dandruff look somewhere else .
 I was previously using Nature 's Gate Shampoo -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and it worked GREAT ! Took a bit to get use to the smell , but now I love how it smells . I 'm going into the health field so I 've been trying to experiment with natural products so instead of going with Nature 's Gate again , I decided to try this shampoo . Nature 's Gate has kept me dandruff free for 4 months now and after the first use of this shampoo , my scalp started itching ... when I scratched , I noticed I was SNOWING ! So everything it said it helps with ... it did totally opposite.I bought this and the conditioner ... so far I like the conditioner . I 've been using that with what I have left of nature 's gate shampoo and I 'm pretty happy with it . I still like the smell of my other conditioner better though -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and it seemed to work just as well . Both my older shampoo and conditioner are also considerably cheaper ! I 'd recommend those of this product .
 I expected it to be much softer . It 's fun for holding but way too hard for my 4-month teething baby . She bit into it few times and it made her cry . She no longer plays with it until she is older .
 My 8 month old daughter got this for x-mas . She loves to stand inside it , however for a relatively new stander the door is poorly designed . It slides shut and the roller on the door make it very hard for her . She can not pull herself up without the door opening or her slipping on the spindle on the door . That in itself is discouraging !!!!!!!!
 This tent SUCKS ! There 's not much to do on it . It looks like there 's tons of stuff to do in the pictures , but in reality - no . It 's not stable enough for babies to hold onto while standing . There 's barely any room inside , and the only fun toy on it is the spinny thing on the door ! I would recommend getting the Leapfrog Musical Learning Table , or the Fisher Price Sing-a-long Stage instead of this tent-thing . Very crappy . :-LRB- Boo !
 I registered for this item thinking it would be handy to have all of these items . The only items that have been useful are the comb and brush , which I could 've purchased separately . The nasal bulb is so stiff it 's practically unusable and the nail clippers were dull . If you are looking for a good all-around healthcare/grooming set - look elsewhere .
 This item was gifted to me through my registry and arrived with two missing pieces - the nail clippers and the thermometer . I emailed the retailer -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- to learn how returns work with a registry item and never heard back . It was n't worth my time and effort to follow-up again , so I just bought the missing items separately , which I should have done for all the parts in the first place . The kit is low-quality and incomplete - skip it !
 I thought this would be incredibly useful for my new baby but I was wrong ! All of the items inside are junk ! The only item I was able to use is the hairbrush . The aspirator is too hard to squeeze , the nail clipper is impossible to use on little fingers and the comb is way too rough to ever use on a baby 's head . I would suggest buying only the items you need from another company .
 The nasal aspirator is garbage - does n't work and caused my son 's nose to bleed . Same goes for the nail clippers - they cut him as they do n't position well for small fingers . The medicine measurer is useless as medication you buy already comes with this . You can use any comb/brush for a baby . The rattle was mildy entertaining . Waste of money .
 I have not received these items need information about this request thanksI have not received these items need information about this request thanks
 I vaguely remember reading reviews for this product when I registered for it . In my pregnancy induced happy haze , I disregarded people 's complaints about some of the item in the kit . I should have listened , so I ask you listen now . You are much better off buying items that you will need separately . It seemed like a good idea to just get this kit and cover all my bases . I 'd never had a baby before , I figured that someone had figured out what I needed for me and put it in this kit . This is partially true.In the first few months , you will need a digital thermometer , a bulb syringe/aspirator , nail clippers or file , and hair brush or comb . These are the things from the kit that I have used so far - my daughter is 9 months old . So , out of 17 items , I 've used 5 or 6 . The other 11-12 have not been touched.Of the items , I 've used , I did n't like most of them . The bulb syringe is impossible to squeeze and offers no suction - useless . The thermometer seems to take forever to take a reading , which is no good with a squirmy baby . The nail clipper have been okay , I still use it , but I bet there are better ones you can buy separately - I 've been meaning to get some . I had to remove the plastic cover from the clippers in order to see baby 's nails better - the first time I used them I cut my daughter 's finger because I could n't see them well.I like the brush and comb . But I would like any brush and comb , I 'm sure.I 've ended up buying a new thermometer -LRB- that I love -RRB- and a new aspirator -LRB- that I also love -RRB- . Yes , you will probably spend more money buying items separately , but that is because the stuff that comes in this kit is cheaply made . If you are an expectant parent and trying to plan for your first baby , just get a good rectal thermometer -LRB- I have a Vicks that I like -RRB- some good nail clippers or a tiny nail file , and maybe a little brush for baby 's hair . The hospital will give you a good bulb syringe when you deliver . That is all you will need the first few weeks , and you should have quality products that work well . This kit will most likely disappoint .
 This is the worst kit of anything I have ever owned . The comb and hairbrush are the only items that are n't too cheaply made to work . - The nasal bulb no suction what so ever . - The scissors do n't cut . - The nail clippers are crap . - The medicine measure is n't needed because , really , any medicine you purchase for your child comes with a measuring/dosage device . - The cheap thermometer in mine is at least three degrees off and inconsistent -LRB- tested by taking my own temperature -RRB- , if you can get it to work at all . - The toothbrush is total crap and not made for babies.I can not emphasize how disappointed you will be if you purchase this or receive it as a gift.Instead of buying this , purchase yourself a good thermometer , baby nail clippers and a decent nose-sucker -LRB- either the bulb type or fancy aspirator -RRB- .
 I know the title sounds dramatic , but it truly is all useless - and some dangerous ! I put this item on my registry because I thought it was the perfect catch-all for me as a first-time expectant mom . I did n't know what I 'd need so I loved the idea of a kit that came with everything . And signed off on by the American Red Cross ? Even better.Well , I use the brush.The rattle is okay.The nail clippers are extremely dangerous and I cut my daughter 's finger quite badly . The way the clippers are constructed , the finger tip is obstructed from view . There are many reviews to this effect here on Amazon for the clippers . -LSB- ... -RSB- The aspirator does n't work - it 's way too hard to squeeze . Instead we use the one the hospital gave us.The nail files are too weak to file properly.I 've never used anything else in there and my daughter is 61/2 months old.The First Years American Red Cross Sure-Grip Nail Clippers - 2 Pack
 This kit does have a lot of useful items , but they are not high quality and do n't all work properly . For instance , the nasal aspirator was nearly impossible to squeeze rendering it useless . The nail clippers got rusty after being exposed to boiling water.The measuring spoon with the stopper was helpful in drop feeding my son for a couple of days.Overall , I 'd rather spend a bit more and buy higher quality items individually .
 I normally never write reviews but felt so strongly that this was a waste of money that I had to write one . If I could give this zero stars I would . I agree with the reviewer AnnaC who said for her first baby she thought it would be useful to get everything in one kit . I ended up buying everything separately also . The most annoying part of this kit is the aspirator which is IMPOSSIBLE to squeeze . I do n't know why someone would knowingly sell a useless aspirator . Yes , it has a cleaning valve , but you can clean any aspirator even without a cleaning valve by simply squeezing it into water . I ended up using the aspirator provided by the hospital & the droppers that came with the medication . I was so frustrated with the aspirator in this kit that I ended up throwing it away ! When you have a congested baby/child the last thing you want to do is struggle squeezing an aspirator ! The thermometer is n't accurate and very hard to read so I bought that separately also . The rattle is useless since we have tons of other rattling toys . This kit ended up being clutter . Do n't waste your money on this ... make your own kit!Maybe the nail clippers and baby brush is somewhat useful but even that is a stretch . I think the only useful thing of this kit now is the zippered bag for traveling toiletries .
 all you 'll need really is the hair brush and the piles . the clipper is not easy to use , I bought the safety grip nail clipper separately .
 Firstly the quality of the items is not good , things break easily or apoil . . and the items are not useful i rather buy a nail cutter , thermometer separately and other stuff if need be
 This stroller was a cheap lightweight stroller , and it had many positives . Unfortunately , the negatives outweighed the positives for me . There is only a simple lap strap and no harness , which is a major safety issue for me ! This is definitely a stroller for grandmas house , not for everyday use , unless you are just going for simple strolls . It is very easy to fold , but every time you fold it you must bend down to recline the seat then follow the simple steps to twist and fold down . I found it to be a pain in the neck to keep reclining the seat !!! It is very light and is easy to open . The color was great , but the sunshade was on the small side . If you want simple and cheap this is the stroller for you . It really is n't all that bad , just does n't have some of the latest aspects many parents are looking for .
 This carriage is okay . I do not like the way it folds horizontally . The tray hits the ground very hard . I only use it occasionally , so I wo n't spend the money to return it . I am also sorry I did n't purchase a stroller with a five-point harness.I am very disappointed with Graco .
 I bought this Graco stroller from Amazon & it arrived in a good package . It was very easy to assemble but we found that some of the parts were dented.The stroller is very easy to unfold but the negatives are :1 . The tray hits the ground and can get scratched .2 . Also , always get the dirty wheels on our dress while loading in the trunk.Overall , We 're disappointed & will not recommend this to anyone .
 I registered for this stroller and received it as a gift ... Basically I am very unhappy with this stroller and will be getting a new one very shortly ... My daughter is almost 5 months old now , and this stroller has been nothing but a hassle ... Pros : - Lightweight-Relatively easy to strap baby in and take baby out -LRB- though the tray is difficult to remove and always in the way -RRB- . Cons : - TERRIBLY reclining system ... Your baby is either straight up like the equivalent of a high chair , or half way down ... In my opinion there needs to be at minimum three reclining positions if a stroller is going to have the option to recline ... Ca n't lay flat , really really obnoxious when your baby needs to take a nap when you 're out somewhere , or if you need to change a diaper in a pinch ... - Horrible sunshade ... We live in a warm/sunny climate year round so having adequate sunshade is crucial for us ... This shade does next to nothing ... When we push her around when on walks we literally have to sometimes walk backwards or do other ridiculous things to block out the sun , so useless ... - Flimsy plastic - The plastic on the tray and other areas is very flimsy and wears easily ... Simply taking it in and out of our car trunk and it looks like it 's 5 years old already , with tons of scratches all over the place ... - Does n't turn well - Whether the wheels are on swivel mode or normal , if you 're not on a perfectly smooth surface this thing handles terrain like absolute garbage ... A tiny bit of gravel or an uneven pavement causes this thing to get caught up on things and go all over the place , very annoying . - The standard seat is uncomfortable and poorly constructed ... Basic material , nothing special about the little headrest insert , it flops all over the place and does next to nothing to keep my daughter comfortable ... - Straps are REALLY bad - This is probably the thing that annoys me the most about this stroller ... The strap that goes in between the legs has no means of being adjusted ... It is just sewn RIGHT ON the seat ! You can do anything to make it longer , it is very tight against my daughter which upsets me because there 's no excuse for something like this ... Basically I would not reccomend this stroller to anyone , there are equally cheap strollers out there that do n't have this many design flaws and poor construction , I would say stay away if you can ...
 I am surprised Graco would sell a product as cheaply made as this , but I guess for the $ 60 - $ 70 mark , they did n't feel like putting much into their product . I ordered this through Amazon for my daughter , then once assembled noticed all the flaws and quickly returned it .1 . It is a 3-point harness instead of a 5-point harness . After looking at the LiteRider in `` Pippin '' in person at BRU , I assumed all LiteRiders would have 5-point harnesses , but that proved to be false .2 . The child 's tray does n't hinge so if you have a squirmy baby , it 's not that easy to put them in or take them out of the seat since you would have to wriggle them in behind the tray or remove tray , put in/take out baby , then replace tray . Also , the way the stroller collapses to the ground when folding it up , the tray bangs against the ground unless you 're careful to hold the stroller upright while closing it .3 . The parent 's tray is only screwed in on the bottom so the top can flip up and forward . I can imagine accidentally knocking this and spilling something onto the sunshade .4 . The sunshade is very shallow and does n't seem like it would block much sun from baby 's face .5 . The seat is very shallow and the seat back is low . Does n't seem like it would be very comfortable as baby grows bigger .6 . The fabric is cheap , scratchy and does n't seem like it would be comfy against baby 's skin . It reminds of of backpack material.I love Graco , but do not love this stroller . The only pro 's are that it 's lightweight and steers well , but other than that , it 's got nothing going for it . We just ordered the Graco Alano stroller in Ally , which looks more like the MetroLite we used to have for our son , which was an awesome stroller . Will write my review for that once received .
 I bought this stroller for my first baby just because it is compatible with my Graco carseat and the low price . However , after installing it , I figure that there 's almost NO adjustment can be made to the seat nor push-handle . The only adjustment is the storage basket on the bottom and folding it down for storage . I 'm really sickened everytimes I look at this stroller . The back angle is either too low or too upright , NOT confortable at all !! I can already foresee that my baby will have the tendency to fall forward due to this stiff back angle -LRB- too upright -RRB- . It is a pain in the butt to follow through the crappy instruction pictures , and now that I 'm not completely satisfy , I ca n't return the item back to Amazon due to it being too big to fit back into the box . \ PLEASE , if you love your baby , do n't spend $ 60 + on a stroller . Get a GOOD one !!!
 Pros : I love this stroller for the size , weight , and price.The stroller is also a good height , has cupholders , and baby has a tray with drink holder which I love to put his cheerios in for less mess.The storage basket is huge.My Graco Safe Seat can lock into this stroller as a travel system.It is easy to wipe clean.Cons : When you unfold the stroller , you have to replace the seat into an upright position , and also reset the storage basket . Every time.When you fold the stroller , there is no way to keep the tray from banging on asphalt . It was scratched up the first time we used it.The baby 's seat does either sits straight up or reclines half way . I would much prefer a stroller that lays flat for diaper changes or naps.The baby 's tray table does NOT hinge . You have to slide baby in and out , difficult for someone with weak back or squirming baby to manage . Lucky me , having both . You can remove the baby tray , but it is difficult to put back on.Mom 's tray is nice to have 2 cup holders and a flat area in middle for your phone , keys , shopping list . I wish it had a lid like some strollers so your camera , etc. is n't in plain view . However , the negative is that mom 's tray flips up because it is attached only by two screws and really needs four screws , or a latch to keep it down.Sun canopy does next to nothing . It is not angled well , and not large enough to create shade for baby . I have to put a blanket over the canopy to extend it , but it does look trashy . In addition , small viewfinder is not enough to see baby.Canopy is sticky , bending forward and back is hard to manage and makes a loud noise which has awoken my son from his nap more than once.CONCLUSION : My goal was to find a stroller that baby is comfortable to sit in , and light enough for my poor back to be able to lift at a reasonable price and this does meet my top requirements . I would NEVER recommend it to a friend . I think it would be great for a grandma or other occasional baby sitter to have on hand , but not for most people for daily use .
 I purchased this carrier for my grandson while with me . I knew I was in trouble after reading the instructions , holding up the carrier and saying No Way!The instructions are almost impossible to follow . The wording is confusing and the diagrams are worse.Apparently , I was supposed to lay the baby down and put the straps on and around me ... if I were double jointed maybe . Also , if I am not at home , say at a park or store , where am I supposed to find a clean place to lay him down?I was not able to use this item without the help of my daughter-in-law and she could not use it all . . a ridiculous constraption.Waste if $ 40 bucks !
 I got this carrier at my shower and was excited to use it.And my excitement plummeted in a second when I found that it was nearly impossible to place my baby by myself.I tried laying her and sliding her in , picking her up and placing her while I am in upright position . Very difficult.It was much easier if I unsnap the sides and the bottom , making more room within the carrier , but then it became such a hassel to snap them back on to make it snug for my baby.Then I tried Baby Bjorn , and oh boy , what a difference !! I found that you can adjust the Bjorn while I have my baby inside . But with the infantino carrier it was really hard due to a poor quality of buckles and straps -LRB- the kind you 'll find on a cheap backpack -RRB- . This also primarily uses snaps to adjust the size of the carrier and this is inconvenient.The price is affordable , but better to invest some $ and buy Bjorn or Ergo , or buy a moby wrap with just about the same price .
 Got as shower gift and used all of 5 minutes . Directions non existant . Such a mess . Took is over an hour to figure out and just plain sucks . Waste of money
 Are you kidding me ? These are nothing special just a little plain pouch you could literally sow yourself . Plus it has velcro so stuff can get inside it is not very sealed and you want diapers to remain a little sanitary at least I do . Any cosmetic case that size such as Ju Ju Be Be quick for less money has more function such as pockets and wristlet ect . This is nothing . I seriously ca n't believe people buy these for that much . I would not recommend it for this price .
 The product is decent , but do n't order this from Amazon ... They listed this as 3 to 5 weeks , but expect more like 3 to 5 months -LRB- if that soon at all -RRB- . I 've ordered March 30 , it 's June 14 and I just got another notice of delay -LRB- I never received the first delay notice ... I had to call and ask what the hell happened to my order -RRB- . Customer service sucks as well . They upgraded my shipping twice , but what the hell is the use ? They are clueless as to when it 's going to come , and I do n't think they really care that this order it totally fu * ked .
 Loved the functionality , and the loved the price -- when I bought them . Now that it 's been less than 6 months and all but one of the 5 bibs has major cracks in it that allow liquid to spill onto my children 's clothes -LRB- and that they ca n't stop fiddling with and making worse -RRB- , I 've decided to leave aNEGATIVEreview on this product . And the 2 I left at my mom 's house only get used once a week for one meal , typically ... . VERY VERY disappointing!I expected these to last 20 years like my mom 's Pelican bibs did ... not so much . Spend the few extra dollars to get higher quality bibs - it 'll save you money in the long run . I spent 25 dollars on these bibs less than 6 months ago , and now I 'll have to spend more than that AGAIN to get a few bibs that will hopefully last . Baby Bjorn Soft Bibs and The Pelican Bibs seem to get the best reviews , and if Pelican has n't changed their formula , their bibs last for 20 + years !!!! I 'm always a bargain shopper , not willing to pay more than the lowest dollar amount for the product I want , but this time I 've gotten burned . Do n't trust these bibs - they 're the lowest price for a reason , unfortunately .
 The bib broke within a few weeks of receiving it . The plastic strap that is used to hold the bib closed snapped off during normal use .
 I expected to get 5 bibs , as the picture showed 5 bibs , I received one . Ok maybe I 'm an idiot . It took my 18 month old less than a week to have the `` pouch '' cracked and leaking onto his lap . I wish someone would make one of these that lasted . I purchased a similar bib at the dollar store for - a dollar - and that lasted for months , too bad they do n't stock them anymore .
 Do not purchase if you plan to use on the newer water bottles that have the `` short '' tops and smaller caps these days . They do n't work with those .
 Does not work on the bottles that are listed as compatible on the back of the package . Do not waste your time or money . Piece of junk ...
 i bought it a long time . but i find out it not fit on all the water bottle . my son use this us toys now . thats not even usuful for me . i wo n't buy again . waste money .
 I wanted to love this . it it such a good idea . It may work fine for everybody else , but ours leaks .
 With the changes to water bottle this no longer fits . The up side is the nipple will work on the on the go formula bottles .
 This is a good idea , if it worked . It does not work , it leaks all over the place . Do n't waste your money .
 This handle lock was relatively easy to use but it did not last long . It is not a very good quality plastic and my 12 month old was able to pull the handles and in one try brake the lock . My baby is not particulary strong , the lock just did n't handle the everyday use of an adult and the couple of pulls of a 12 month old . It suppose to be able to handle those two things . See my pictue uploaded .
 I liked the easy-release idea , but these locks did not fit onto my kitchen cabinets .
 Just terrible . Would cut out every 10 to 15 seconds . Horrible static . Save money and get fisher price .
 I agree with every negative review out there on this product . It is absolutely ridiculous how obnoxious this monitor is ! We finally started using it when we moved the baby to his own room at 7.5 weeks -- two days later my husband said either I get a new monitor or he 's just going to chuck this one out the window ! The baby did n't wake us up for hours , but the receivers woke us up at least two dozen times between feedings ! The static and the constant clicking made me feel like we were listening to a CB on the highway ! The good news is
 Do not buy this monitor . I am taking it off of my baby registry . It picks up the sounds of the street cars but not of my babies . I have quads and I ca n't hear them screaming for the sounds of the cars going by in this stupid monitor . Do not I repeat do not buy this unless you like wasting money and do n't care to hear your baby in their room .
 Just as the first reviewer on this page - this monitor is horrible ! The batteries have NEVER gone out at any other time than 4:00 am , there 's simply no warning and the static is unbearable . We registered for this monitor because of the two separate monitors , which I thought would save us from having to change the batteries so often and give us a few options for leaving them in various rooms throughout the house . Really , this has been the MOST frustrating part of new motherhood ! I highly suggest that you try a different monitor .
 I was told that this was a top of the line monitor but after receiving it as a gift , I had to return it because of all the static . I could not hear my baby at all ! I purchased the Sounds and Light Monitor instead ... and I 'm very satisfied with the exchange .
 For some reason this product worked fine for a month or so , then we returned it because it would get other people 's telephone conversations AND network television ! I would be sleeping and wake up in the middle of the night to the sound of a popular late night talk show ! I do n't know if it is because of a lot of electronic equipment in our home , but this product had to go ! It got to the point that every time I would turn it on I would get interference , it was useless .
 When it worked it worked well . The only problem is that it did n't work very often . This monitor is not worth the money . I constantly got static . When I moved , if I just left it still . It was very hard to use it at night as it would constantly make noise that would have nothing to do with the baby . BUY SOMETHING ELSE !
 I should have read these reviews before I register this product . It picks up outside sounds better than my baby 's cry . Do n't spend your money on this product !
 Simply put , the static with these monitors is horrible !!!!
 Oh , my God . I am returning this monitor tomorrow morning . I am writing this at 3am after listening to the crackle and static for the last hour . I should 've listened to the majority of reviews for this monitor . It did n't even work for a few days before the crackling and static started . I am going to the store tomorrow and getting a new one . If you enjoy sleep at all do not buy this monitor . Not to mention if you want to actually hear your baby ...
 My wife and I received these as a gift off of our registry . Let me say this , the first night we had our baby home , the batteries went dead in the transmitter !! Not because of the baby crying hard , but because of all the `` short bursts '' of static !! We are only in the next room , and this was more of a nuisance than anything . Maybe it would work better if you were within 5 ft from the baby . . Thumbs down
 This monitor was AWFUL . So staticy and loud . I returned it and bought the Evenflo monitor which I LOVE . GO buy that one , it is clear and perfect .
 This baby monitor lasted about 1 week . After changing batteries , plugging units in , the static was so loud that it drowned out the sound of babies completely . Not sure if the unit was defective , but it was terrible . Do not buy this product .
 This monitor worked great for about 2 weeks - then it kept going to constant statc . We can fix it for about 15 seconds by changing channels and then back again , but I have to keep running over to the receivers to do it . It basically is static all the time - and we leave it plugged in , since we originally thought the batteries were the problem . It is ATROCIOUS and is a major headache - which should NEVER be the case for something this important . I do n't feel I can trust it at all and have to go buy another one .
 This monitor had so much static it was unbelievable . You could not move the monitor near anything with electricity . I would not recommend this for anyone who wishes to monitor their baby . This was the biggest waste of money I have ever spent !!!
 My husband and I are soooo tried of this monitor !!! It 's soo noisy all we hear are the neighbors on the phone or their babies . Because that 's all it picks up not your baby in the next room !! Do not buy this unless you want to listen to your neighbors and not your children . . WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!
 When I saw it in the box the specs semm realy nice and the 900 Mhz . made me buy it . It is almost imposible to use you need to move the monitor to get off the static .
 I own 2 monitors . I still use one for my 2 year old . It is made by Fisher Price and is GREAT . This time we wanted one with 2 recievers that did n't cost a fortune and my hubby bought this one . Like others I wish we had read what people had to say about it.The static is awful . It will just start making a very loud white noise sound that will only go away if turned off . Great at 2am when it 's the reciever down stairs ! Also at times it does NOT pick up the baby . I will be sitting somewhere that I can hear baby and the monitor and I will NOT hear the baby on the monitor . Not good ... that 's the reason I bought the thing!I am going to contact First Years to see if they will give me a new unit or preferably my money back . Too bad I did n't save the box or I 'd return it !
 We registered for this monitor thinking that it would be a higher quality since it was one of the more expensive . Wrong ! Wrong ! Wrong ! One receiver makes a `` clicking '' sound every 5 seconds and the other one shrieks . I just wish I had kept the box to return it !
 This was the worst product I have ever bought !!! The static was so severe that my wife could not even hear my voice through the syatem ... two cups and a string would have worked better .
 Do n't even think about purchasing this product . It functions better as a doorstop than a baby monitor . The static will drive you crazy ! If anything moves in your house -LRB- including you -RRB- the monitor will give off tremendous static . Keep yourself sane , and save yourself a trip back to Babys-R-Us , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !
 I wish I would have read these reviews first . I had this monitor and thought I had a bad one so I exchanged it for another just like it and it has the same issues . The static will drive you nuts !!! It continually looks for a different channel and makes a clicking noise . I spent more time awake listening to all the noise the monitor made while my baby slept . I went in to Babie R Us to get a new monitor and asked a clerk about the monitors and they agreed with me that this one received really bad reviews and did not recommend it . I asked why it was still on the shelves . They said they do listen so hopefully soon it will be gone .
 This is such a horrible monitor ! I received it at my shower because I had registered for it based on good feedback . Once we had the twins and actually used it , we found that there was a popping sound every minute or so and static about 1/3 of the time !! We are planning on returning it as soon as we can make it out to Babies R Us . We ended up buying a Graco one that works just wonderfully !
 The first day it worked good . But like 10 days later nothing but static , humming , and buzzing . Even opening and closing doors would set this thing off . It scared me because it would make the loud noise as if you shut the base off in the baby 's room . And the base was on . I went running into my childs room to make sure he was ok . And the people at First Years were not very helpful . I am going and replacing it after having it less than a month .
 I agree with what all of the Moms wrote ... this monitor is horrible . There is nothing but noise -LRB- that is not my baby -RRB- and static . I pick up neighbor 's phone calls !!! For the price of this monitor you would think it was a quality product . Needless to say a new monitor is going to be purchased this weekend . What a disappointment !!!!
 We got this monitor because my sister in law has this brand and my husband believes they buy good stuff . ... i got the two receivers but one of them continously snaps and pops like everyone else says . The other one is fine . I 've only had them a week but have decided i am going to return . My old one was a Fisher Price sounds and lights and i 'll stick with that . Dont waste your money .
 We registered for this based on the dual receivers . LOTS OF STATIC . Picked up sounds just fine and the lights on top registered the levels but intermittent static and occassional clicking sounds were a real nuisance . I would look elsewhere
 We received this as a gift , and we 're returning it to the store today . Although we can hear our baby clearly , there is a very annoying clicking sound every 6 seconds . It 's loud enough that it wakes us up several times during the night .
 If you want this to help listen for your child to keep them safe , they will most likely die before you ever hear them with this pile of crap monitor . My family bought this for our second child after our old monitor went out after 3 years of good service . We were only able to hear two things with this death machine , static or complete silence , though I do n't know if a person can hear complete silence . Save your money and buy a different monitor , I recommend at least Fisher Price monitor that broadcast in the 900 or better range .
 After having success with an older `` First Years '' monitor , we were in need of a new one . Without doing my homework I immediately went and bought this `` upgraded '' First Years model . What a mistake . We can not use it anymore since all we hear is annoying `` flicking '' static on one channel , and the second channel picks up the noise in my neighbors house . I spoke to a company representative who suggested that I ask my neighbor to move her monitor further away from my home !! Otherwise , that I should go buy another monitor that is a higher or lower mghz . If this complaint is so common , the company should explore ways to correct . I could n't be more dissatisfied .
 We have had a terrible time with our monitors . They pick up every bit of static ! They also reset themselves every time we pick up or hang up the phone ! They are NOT worth the price . After 6 months of suffering , I 'm going to buy a new one tomorrow .
 This monitor is truly horrible . It is so temperamental that if you so much as move you will get this horrible , loud static . Forget about walking around with it clipped to your belt . When you do manage to find a place to put it where it does n't do this , there is still a low hum of static that makes it hard to hear anything but the loudest noises . And the next day , it might not work in that spot anymore ! Very frustrating . Also , if you wave your hand in front of it , the little lights light up ... those are supposed to tell you the monitor is picking up sound , so ... ca n't really trust those either . Please do n't waste your money . Get ANY BRAND but this one !
 This monitor gave me more problems than any other baby item I own . I bought The first Years monitor because I thought I was getting a great product BOY WAS I WRONG !!! It 's got nothing but static when it is plug into an outlet , no matter where I plugged it in . I found it works best when using batteries , and this could get expensive after a few months .
 One nice thing about this monitor , it is very clear the majority of the time.However , it will randomly scream static at you when someone is moving around it the house . Does n't matter where the person is , it will scream until you stop moving . And it usually occurs just as my daughter is settling back down to sleep which means we have to start all over.It is also very loud . Even on 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- I can still hear my children . On levels 2/3 , they are more than loud enough for me to hear breathing . Occasionally , I like to turn down the monitor and only see the lights but with this monitor that does n't work , you always have to hear them unless it is turned off .
 Awful !! I registered for this monitor and received it as a gift and after using it for about 3 months replaced it . This monitor will scream out with static out of nowhere and scare you half to death while also waking up the baby 2 rooms away !! The static is THAT loud !!! Not to mention I do n't really need to hear what my neighbors are talking about on the phone ! Worried me that others would hear what all we were saying !! We picked that one because it had 2 receivers , however we replaced it with the Sony Baby Call monitor , MUCH MUCH better !!!!!! Save yourself the hassle and go with Sony .
 I registered for this monitor because of the two receiver feature and because the 900 mHz technology was supposed to be the best . We already used the Fisher Price prenatal to nursery monitor during my pregnancy , but we thought that this one would be better for everyday use . From day one there was static , but I just thought that all monitors must do that . It got worse with time - neither channel would come in clearly -LRB- the second channel never did work -RRB- , we would get a loud static noise about every 30 seconds that was impossible to sleep through , and it would pick up phone conversations from our neighbor every night at midnight . Still , we figured it was because we lived in a subdivision with several neighbors and baby monitors . However , the real test was when we visited my husband 's parents at their country home . There are NO neighbors there , nothing to interfere , and the monitor was still so full of static that we could n't hear our son . Finally , one night out of desperation we pulled out the old Fisher Price monitor . It was totally static-free , and we are still using it . The `` Peace of Mind '' monitor will go in the trash .
 I am a two time mom and have had this monitor for 18 months now with my first one . Horrible . Incredible static , everywhere in the house , does not go beyond 200 feet . Do not buy .
 This monitor will pick up every radio signal within 5 miles , so if you want to be awaken every five minutes at night this monitor is for you . Do n't waste your money , Peace of Mind , they should call it Piece of **** .
 Everytime we turn this monitor on all we hear is static . Most of the time I end up turning the monitor off because of the horrible reception . This company should be embarrassed for putting such a horrible product on the market . I am returning it to babiesrus , and I highly suggest people read these reviews before they register or buy any product . If I would have , I would never have bought this monitor .
 There are several problems with this monitor . First , every time our cordless phone rings , loud interference comes over the monitor . Also , the battery life on the monitor only lasts about 3 hours , and there is frequently a clicking noise that comes over the line . We are actually going to buy a new monitor to replace this . I strongly advise against this product .
 Do n't even bother with this monitor ! Never have I purchased a such a lousy baby item ! If you ca n't hear the baby over the static , why have a monitor ?? You 'd have a better shot of having nothing and straining to hear the baby froim your room . I was awake soooo many nights because of the static and this incessant beeping noise !! Mom 's know how hard it is waking up several times a night because of the baby , but waking up even more often because your baby monitor is beeping at you is ridiculous !!! I hope someone from First Years reads this and makes some serious changes !! In the mean time , buy the Sony 27-channel baby monitor . Sometimes it 's hard to find -LRB- they ca n't seem to keep them on the shelves -RRB- but well worth it ! I even went back and bought my sister one when she got pregnant . The best monitor out there !!
 We have had this monitor for 3 months now and the static did get annoying at times but as long as you adjusted the receiver , it would stop . Then one morning at 4am the reciever started screaming and it never worked the same again ! I tried changing the batteries and it continued to do the same thing . Nothing I tried worked . I am now looking for a new monitor and will let everyone I know NOT to buy this monitor !
 I receieved this as a shower gift and once my son was ready to sleep in his crib we tried the monitor and only heard static and never him . I tried to return it but it had been over 90 days and Babies R Us only guaruntees for 90 days . I have even made sure the monitor was not by any phones , tv or other electrical devices and ut kept me up all night with the static niuse and I never was able to hear my son . I am off to try another monitor and contact the manufacture to express to them how bad their product is .
 The loud crackling static will drive you crazy !! Also , when the phone rings the monitor makes an EXTREMELY LOUD buzzing noise until you answer and then the conversation is transmitted over the monitor receiver like a speaker phone ! This item is a worthless piece of garbage .
 I 'm very disappointed in this monitor . The static is awful . Very sorry we got it . In fact , we 're going out to buy a new one .
 My hubby opted for this one because of the dual receiver and the long range . As I said big mistake ... unless you want to hear statics the whole day . It does pick up the softest sounds but the statics make it worthless .
 The static from this monitor was constant . I do not recommend this product whatsoever . We received ours as a shower gift and I am hoping to be able to return it despite not having the receipt . I have learned through this process to carefully look at buyer 's reviews before purchasing something !
 This monitor worked well for the first week but by the second week I wanted to throw it away . The static is horrible . Do not purchase this monitor . I have since ordered a different manufacturer but I have n't received it yet so I do n't know if it will be any better or not .
 Why do they call this a monitor ? The feedback we get is comparable to what you might hear at a rock concert . The first time we tried to use it it woke up our baby . To make matters worse everytime you walk by the thing there is enough static to make you jump . I received this as a shower gift and threw out the box before I tried it - big mistake !!
 We got these monitors as a gift at our baby shower and I just bought the Fisher Price Sounds n Lights ones . The Peace of Mind ones should be called Lose Your Mind monitors . The static is so bad ! And forget about using one outside , unless the are right next to the base unit , you ca n't hear anything !!! I wished I 'd read these reviews before I put these on my registry !
 My son is now 1 month old . I registered for this monitor because it seemed like a decent model . For the last month we have had to move around with it trying to find the perfect position to put the receiver in . 98 % of the time all we get is static , or the phone conversation of our downstairs neighbor !! If our phone rings it gets staticky , if we walk by it we get static , if it is n't in the room with the base we get static ; I wish I had read the reviews of this product before registering for it . My husband just went back to the store to return it , and get a different one . Just because it costs more does n't mean anything . I have learned my lesson about price and researching something before purchasing .
 Terrible static . The first one I bought was fine for 4 monts then it turned all static . I returned it and got a second one . The second one was immediately static from the begining . I 'm going to return this one also and buy a different one .
 This monitor was a little more than we wanted to spend but we figured it would be worth the money ... boy were we wrong . This monitor has tons of static and screeching ! And FYI ... it is a good thing there are 2 parent receivers because usually one does not work at all ! We are very disappointed to have spent our hard earned money on such poor quality .
 Dont waste your time on this one . Its terrible ! It clicks and has all kind of static . I have tried several monitors and this one was the worst !
 This baby monitor drove me crazy because of the static or interference . It is hard to sleep with a new baby , but to get woken up or ca n't fall asleep because of constant Crrrr , Crrrr crrrrrrrrr ... no way ! I would really discourage anyone from buying this monitor unless they live in the middle of nowhere .
 The ` Peace of Mind ' was a waste of time and money . Like others have mentioned , I liked the idea of the dual receivers that it offered . Unfortunately , the static was terrible , so as to make it unusable . We exchanged it for a Sony BabyCall which we are extremely happy with . It does n't have dual monitors , but I suppose I could buy another set if it really became a necessity .
 We purchased this monitor , believing it would be a good one . It would be , if not for the frequent , loud clicking it makes . It 's too noisy to even be able to sleep through . From reading other reviews -LRB- which I should have done before we bought ours -RRB- it seems a lot of other parents have had the same complaint . We ended up buying a Sony 900mhz monitor and it works absolutely great .
 Was a great monitor the first 11/2 months , but now all I get is static . Every night I have to find just the right position so I do n't hear static , which is usually lying it down on its back . I 'm returning this one !! Hope this helps !
 I have found that there is too much interference . The only time I really need the monitor is at night and there is so much popping and static that it is difficult to sleep with it on . I have it turned down so low that my husband can not hear our son from his side of the bed and the interference still wakes us . I have been very unhappy with this product and will replace it as soon as possible .
 This thing was horrible . Tons of static and screeching . I took it back the next day .
 The other reviews say it well - All you will hear with this monitor is static .
 I loved the fact that this monitor came with 2 receivers , but I wish that I had read these reviews before putting it on my registry . It picked up the sound of the baby very well , it also would pick up noises from our neighborhood and when our phone would ring the monitor would just go off by making loud , very obnoxious noises . We had to shut it off to get it to stop . The receiver had to be sitting just right to avoid tons of static , and that position was n't always the same so we had to keep moving it . It would go nuts with static if we even walked by it , not even touching it ! We had to replace it with a diffent brand . Very disappointed - Peace of Mind is a very inappropriate name for this monitor - it gave us a lot of headaches .
 We brought our baby home from the hospital yesterday and hooked up the monitors - they worked great ... for 24 hours . Now all we hear is static that only gives way to clicks and leaves us wondering which is more annoying . To make things worse they worked fine yesterday so in my rush to clean up the house and be a good husband I threw away the box so now it looks like -LSB- $ -RSB- wasted . My wife has a hard enough time sleeping in between feedings without having to listen to static . Do n't waste your money - buy another one .
 This was the worst baby product we purchased . There is A LOT of interference . We found ourselves walking around trying to find a spot in the house where it did n't get any static . One night ... we actually heard someone 's phone call coming through on the monitor . For the most part , you do n't even hear your baby ... you hear static and noise . I ca n't believe they can even market an item like this which obviously has many problems . We took ours back . Do yourself a favor , if you get this as a gift ... take it back before you even open it . It 's junk ! We bought a Sony 900Mhz and love it . There is no interference and it is like being in our son 's room with him . It gives us much better peace of mind .
 The reception is crystal clear . However , every so often there is a very load static noise that comes and does not go away until you get up and shut the monitor off . Who wants to be wakened during the night by that terrible sound when you are up a couple of times during the night for feeds ? I took it right back , tried the fisher price monitor with the music and light show and that was terrible , it had a constant clicking noise too . I finally ended up with the evenflow monitor and I am very happy with it . No static or clicking noise to be heard .
 We registered for this monitor because of the 2 receivers . Unfortunately , we had the receivers turned off more than on . The static was unbearable ! No matter where the monitor and receivers were positioned in the house , there was constant static . And when the phone rang , forget it . We stopped using our cordless phone thinking that would help ... not a chance . After about two weeks we went back to the store and bought a cheaper model . And guess what , it works wonderfully . We can use our cordless phone and not a peep of static . We do n't hear telephone conversations either ... just our little angel . This monitor system is way too expensive for the amount of aggravation that goes along with it .
 I liked that this monitor came with two receivers , and both sound and lights . However , there was so much static that it was impossible to hear in the nursery . I found if I found a place where the sound was clear and then set the receiver down , it worked fine . However , if you moved it even slightly , the static was horrible . When I clipped it on and tried walking around , it was nothing but static . We are returning this monitor to try a new one .
 After trying everything under the sun -- repositioning the monitors , switching channels , rereading and rereading and rereading the directions carefully ... my husband and I , frustrated to no end , have decided to return this monitor set . All we hear is static , no matter what . Read the reviews of other monitor brands and choose something else . I wish I had done my research here on Amazon before choosing this -LSB- inadequate -RSB- product !
 My husband and I purchased this monitor yesterday and today it is going back to the store . There was a clicking noise every 15 seconds while the monitor was on and when we went to use our telephone the parent base would make an awfully loud static noise . I would not recommend this product at all .
 I have read reviews of other monitors and this particular monitor seems to appear frequently in those reviews ... complaints from mothers who selected it for their original purchase.A common theme seems to be STATIC ! It drives us nuts , especially at night when we are racing to get maybe an hour of sleep and all we hear is loud static . It is also unreliable . We have only used it a week and I am writing the manufacturer for a refund !
 We registered for this monitor and used it for about two months -LRB- barely -RRB- before we could n't take it anymore . If you move the receiver it makes horrible noises . The only good thing about it is the two receivers and the belt clips on the receivers . I finally bought the Bebe sound and movement monitor and the quality is so much better .
 We were sold on the reciever because it had two receivers . However , neither one worked other than to listen to our neighbors phone conversations . The reception was awful !!!! The range was even worse . Save yourself time and money and purchase one of the other monitors .
 Makes my daughter crazy . She is n't even the one in that room . When traffic goes by it sounds like it is in our house . This machine is lightweight which I was looking forward to but I wish I would have read the reviews before adding it to my registry . ...
 If anyone gives you a set of these , or if you buy a set by accident - RUN back to the store and return them . Without a doubt this product is a complete disaster . The signal constantly gets lost causing a loud static noice to be produced . The only way to clear it is to turn it on and off . This product is a complete waste of hard earned money . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT EVER !!!!!!
 I wish I would have read the reviews before buying this monitor ! We just plugged it in for the first time tonight and the constant popping noise is awful ! There is no way we will be able to sleep with this thing on ! It 's going back first thing tomorrow !
 this has got to be one of the worst monitors - One of the receivers picked up my child crying while the other remained silent . there is a ton of interference and it beeps nonstop .
 We liked our previous The First Years monitor , and when it stopped working we intended to get the same model , only to find that it had apparently been discontinued . We bought this one because it was the same manufacturer , and we liked the idea of having two receiver units . I wish we had checked here and read some reviews first . We have tried for months -LRB- do n't ask me why we did n't return them -RRB- and have never been able to get clear reception . The unit picks up random cell phone conversations , radio broadcasts , interspersed with maddening static , electronic farts and squeals . Our old model had convenient built in rechargable batteries , but these units take 4 AA batteries each , making them fairly heavy , and they suck the power down very rapidly . Do n't make the same mistake we did . Look elsewhere for a monitor .
 Please avoid these monitors . They are full of static and `` popping '' noises . You will not sleep .
 My daughter is now 7 months old , and for the first 5 months we used this monitor because we did n't realize that it was n't supposed to make all those noises . My parents bought another brand for their house and when we used it and it had no noise , we went out that day to get that one . This product crakles , makes fuzzy noises , and does not pick up little noises from the baby . I would not wast $ 50.00 on this product . It is one of the most expensive , but yet works horribly . You can spend a lot less and get a better product .
 I just purchased this monitor for my daughter as our baby on the way will get the old one ... so we thought . From the moment we turned this monitor on it kept clicking no matter where it was placed . We quickly decided that we needed to switch our daughter back to the Angel Care monitor so we could sleep in peace and know we would be able to hear her if she needed us !
 Pretty much cr-p . Sound reception is ok . But it keeps clicking every few seconds . And if you change the band -LRB- A to B -RRB- , or shut off the baby-side monitor , all you get is static . Very annoying .
 Let me emphasize how HORRIBLE THE RECEPTION ON THIS THING IS !! We bought it a week ago and have been playing with it to get it to work without sounding like an static-filled air control tower . Moving it from place to place , etc. . My husband and I have not rested well since we bought the damn thing . Last night we even got in an argument , half-asleep in the middle of the night because that stupid thing just flared up and got all loud and static around 2 a.m. Even if we turn on the PS2 , the TV or god forbid talk on the phone or walk by it ... forget it . Now , here we go again back to the store ... do n't waste your money !!
 This monitor system is a waste of money . It worked great for a few months and then one day we turned it on and all we heard was static . The static never goes away and it is completely useless . Needless to say we threw it away and had to buy a new system .
 This monitor was such a waste of money . It picks up so much static that I choose to turn it off rather than listen to it react to every move I make throughout the house . This morning it had feedback from the crib Mobile ! Imagine , trying to sleep and it clicking and popping every time the mobile would turn in the baby 's room . I 'm going to buy another monitor today . I would n't even give the monitor away ... it 's going straight in the trash .
 This monitor seems to work ok until you decide to go to sleep , and then it starts crackling very very loudly . Most nights we end up turning it off after being startled awake by the horrible static . I admit I do n't have anything to compare this product to , but if this is supposed to be one of the better ones out there , I hate to think what the cheaper ones sound like . I would definitely recommend trying a different monitor before spending $ 50 on this one .
 I should 've read the reviews too !! The frist one went back b/c it kept making this awful loud noise and the second one is going back today b/c it makes a different noise . Every time our phone , or the neighbors phone , rings , it has loud static . Then it does it randomly in the middle of the night too !! Do n't waste you money !!
 This monitor is awful . My husband & I did not realize the constant static was not `` normal '' until we purchased another monitor . I agree with another review that says `` the static will drive you crazy ! '' . I like to run on a treadmill while our baby naps & with this monitor , I did not feel comfortable doing this because the treadmill created even more static . Our new monitor works perfectly well while resting on the treadmill . Also , when anyone walks in front of this monitor the static gets even worse . DO NOT BUY this monitor .
 This monitor does not live up to its promises . It is horrible . I pick up sounds from other houses in my neighborhood and the constant static is unbearable ! I thought that I was paying a bit more for quality - boy was I wrong . After 2 months with this product , I am going to buy something else !
 My husband and I bought this monitor thinking that it would be good because of the 900 tech . It is n't . We constantly get statick and interference all through the night . And the baby 's room is the room next to ours ! We 've changed the batteries and used the plug in device . Nothing works!Signed , Very Disapointed
 This monitor is horrible . I have had it few 4 months now , and from the beginning it always had static problems . We were able to use it for a while if we placed it in just right spot , but now it is constant static no matter were you put it . We pick up other people 's converstions , radios , etc. . We even tried using a coat hanger on it for an extra boost of reception , but still no luck . This monitor is a piece of crap !!
 I HAVE USED THIS MONITOR FOR ABOUT 4 MONTHS NOW AND IT IS HORRIBLE . CONSTATANT STATIC . AND THE MONITOR DOSENT EVEN WORK EVERYWHERE IN THE HOUSE . YOU HAVE TO STAND IN CERTAIN AREAS FOR IT TO WORK . IT IS NOT WORTH $ 50 AT ALL ...
 We registered for this monitor before reading the reviews . Bad idea ... luckly we tried it out before the baby came , it makes a terrible noise every 3 seconds , continously . I will be returning this tomorrow !!
 I bought this montior for my son before he was born and was excited about the 2 receivers and 900mhz technology . Well , big disappointment when I found out that the only thing this was good for was static and picking up my neighbors conversations via their baby monitor . When I called the First Years customer service dept , they were rude and not helpful . I am stuck with this non-working unit and now love the Bebe sound and movement monitor that we now have !
 I 'm one of those people who assumes more expensive is better . Definately not the case here . The horrible , startling static that comes from this monitor keeps me up more than my newborn !
 This monitor sucks . We live in a small condo and get static every few seconds that goes on all night long and the baby is very close in the next room.This thing is a piece of JUNK . Do not buy it !
 Spend the extra $ 10 and get the Clear & Near Monitor . 2.4 GHZ really makes a difference . I have n't had any major problems with the Peace of Mind , but the static and interference will truly make you crazy .
 Between the unbearable static -LRB- either channel -RRB- , which would wake the baby , and being able to hear phone conversations & televisions throughout our neighborhood , this monitor drove us absolutely crazy . Peace Of Mind , my tail . I could n't return it quickly enough . I got the Sony 27 channel one instead , same price , only one receiver , but much , much better . Do n't even consider buying this product . Even one star is rating it too high .
 This product is a headache to listen to . It has lots of static , hiss , and interference regardless of which channel it is on . I was disappointed with the quality of the product . The battery compartment requires the use of a flat head screw driver and is flimsy . The craftsmanship of the unit is cheap . Luckily we were able to return our product and obtain a much better product . I would steer clear of this product . For the money there are much better units available that are clear and have numerous channels available .
 Unfortunately we did n't read the reviews before using this monitor . When it works it 's great , clear and sensitive , but that is rare . The unit picks up interference from everything , refrigerator , hair dryer , sometimes unknown . You have to move the parent unit to find a clear signal and do n't even try to walk around with it ; maybe that 's why they give you two receivers . It is useless when the phone is on .
 This monitor is soooo loud . The static is just awful . Do n't even bother buying it . You will end up taking it back .
 I live in a condo and have cordless phones and wireless internet . I found this product had terrible static and made cracking/popping sounds.In comparison , the Fisher Price 900mhz Long Range Monitor sounded excellent .
 This baby monitor is the worst thing I bought for my new baby . The feedback was absolutely horrible . There were times when the feedback was constant , and the monitor therefore could n't be used AT ALL . I wish I had read the on-line reviews before buying this product . It would have saved me the money and aggravation . Buy the Sony 27 channel monitor set instead . It only comes with one receiver -LRB- and is more expensive -RRB- , but it works great . It is very sensitive sound wise and there is very little feedback .
 This product is a waste of time and money . If you get this as a gift return it immediately and buy the SONY 27 channel intercom . It worked excellent compared to this toy . Loud static and poor range not worth the money .
 This monitor is very senitive !! I have never turned the volume control past `` 0 '' because it is already so loud on that setting - sometimes , I wish that I could turn it down , especially at night ! Otherwise it is an ok monitor . I had an old Fisher Price Monitor that continued to get stuck in the A/B channels and caused a lot of static . After a week , this monitor has begun to give off static , and I am thinking of returning it and searching for another one .
 This monitor has way too much static , Return it ! I did !
 We purchased this set of monitors and wished we had n't . Pro 's : * Comes with two monitoring unitsCon 's : * Static is very annoying ! The background noise on these is ridiculous ! They seem to pick up every type of interference in the area which makes hearing baby very difficult . * Picks up cordless phone conversations all of the time -LRB- could be a benefit if you 're into that type of thing ... -RRB- * Even without static or noise , the sound quality on the listening units is average to poor.In a nutshell
 Unfortunately , I waited until I had a problem with this monitor to read the reviews . In reading them , I agree wholeheartedly , ... this monitor is terrible ! I feel as though we threw money away with this purchase ! Static -LRB- and unable to hear our baby at all on either channel -RRB- , people 's conversations , ... you name the problem and we 've experienced it !
 Our daughter is just shy of 5 mos . old and this monitor has been nothing but trouble . We have tried everything to make it work
 This monitor is completely useless . No matter which of the 2 lousy channels I have it switched to , I get LOUD , OBNOXIOUS STATIC . Sometimes the static will last a moment and stop , sometimes I have to move the receiver around in order for it to stop -LRB- only to start again in mere minutes -RRB- , but most of the time it DOES NOT STOP . And when it seems to be working fine , all of a sudden the silence is shattered with static - LOUD static -LRB- you would n't belive how loud -RRB- . It is so infuriating when you are awaken from sleep to this static , then realize that it is not going to stop and you have to get up to switch channels , -LRB- you must get up to change the channel setting on the unit in the baby 's room as well as the receiver -RRB- probably with no avail , or mess around with the stupid thing for 15 minutes before realizing nothing will work and turning it off completely , not able to hear your child , thus not being able to sleep.This is my experience with this piece of junk . I will be returning it to BRU this week after I read reviews of other monitors , which I should 've done before registering for this one . Save yourself the agony . DONT BUY THIS !
 I received this monitor as a gift and was very disappointed with it . I pick up my neighbors phone calls and hear their baby screaming over the monitor . Their is also so much clicking and static if you do n't have it placed just right and just when you think you do and your about to fall asleep you hear a loud click or static that wakes you up ! Do n't waste your money on this monitor !!!
 All I can say is that the static comes in much louder and much more clear than my baby 's cries ! The intermittent bouts of static are VERY loud so when we go to sleep at night I ca n't turn the monitor up to a comfortable level -LRB- to be assured I will hear my baby -RRB- with out chancing getting the heck scared out of us by the static ! I got another monitor as a gift . I was going to return but have not done so yet . I think that I wo n't . I am going to see if it works any better than this one !
 The terrible static causes you to turn the unit off `` just for a second '' ... Invariably , you forget to turn the unit back on!I have suffered with this unit too long and I am looking to replace it.When its not picking up our neighbor 's phone calls , it is emitting ear piercing static . I would say I have to `` turn on , turn off '' and relocate the unit at least once or twice a day!I ca n't believe a name brand company would put out something like this piece of junk!Dont buy it . 0 Stars !
 This unit generally works and serves its purpose but it really crackles and picks up a lot of other signals . It would n't be so bad but when it does crackle it is very loud and annoying . I can also pick up the neighbors phone conversations which is a bit weird but fun . We bought this for our first baby . When the next one comes , I will buy a differnt model and from a different manufacturer just for spite .
 I figured I would try this out even though the reviews were bad . My mistake !!! This monitor is Horrible !! Do not waste your money . There is way to much static . It 's frustrating and just gives you a headache .
 I 'm pregnant with my first child and have spent months reading product reviews . When I saw this product , I had to pipe in . I 'm a nanny and the little one I take care of has this particular monitor . Both of her parents , and I , are incredibly unhappy with it . The static is ridiculous and I find myself repositioning it and turning it on and off multiple times during naps . And while it picks up Avery 's sounds , it does pick up everything else as well . I find myself constantly thinking she 's awake from the noises and after treking upstairs , see that she 's still asleep . I do not recommend this product at all .
 I had this monitor for 10 months . The first 8 were great but the last 2 have been unbearable . I am actually searching the internet now for a new monitor and I thought I 'd share my experience w / someone else looking for a monitor.I really like the fact that it has 2 receivers and that all units have battery backup . It makes it easy to visit a friend w/o kids . I can just pack the pack and play and throw the monitor and a receiver in the bag and not have to worry about power . -LRB- I am now looking for those features in a differnt monitor . -RRB- The problem is the static . I keep 1 reciever downstairs and one in our bedroom . This morning my wife brought our son downstairs . She thought I was going to get him but I never heard him . All I heard was static . The monitor is all but useless now.Maybe this monitor would work for someone but it does n't work for us .
 Our baby sleeps through the night but the monitor does n't . It does n't seem to matter how we position the monitors . Loud crackling noises wake us up several times a night . Do not buy this unless you actually like the part of child-rearing where you get no sleep !
 Tried the monitor for two nights before returning . As others have stated it has a horrible clicking-popping noise about every 15 seconds . If your baby is n't keeping you awake at night this monitor will !
 This worked the very first day perfectly . When we first got it we tested it before the baby came . Now for the real test 10 weeks later , tons of humming . Nothing has changed , nothing running in the house , but there is a nice constant HUMMMMM that never goes away no matter what . I tried running the receiver on batteries and that did n't matter . Based on reviews I 'm going to try Sony 's `` Baby Call Nursery Monitor - 27 Channel '' . . stay tuned
 This is the worst monitor . I was so excited when my cousin and I both registered for it thinking wepicked out a good one . WRONG >> > it makes cracking noises , popping noises and plenty of static.I would not recomend this to anyone , especially if you would like to get some sleep .
 BUY ANOTHER BRAND . 1 -RRB- The electrical cord for the receiver melted after 6 months leaving exposed copper wire and a fire hazard . 2 -RRB- In a rural area , with few homes , the receiver turns to loud static at frequent intervals . The unit must be turned off and on to regain a signal . Do n't try napping when your baby goes down , because the `` The First Years '' baby monitor will keep you awake resetting its signal . 3 -RRB- Drains batteries in a few short uses , leaving you to rely on a melted electrical cord . 4 -RRB- DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM .
 My baby is 10 months old and this product is already broken . All I get is static . It does n't matter where I place the receiver . When I first bought it , it did n't make that much static noise but as time passed the static grew louder and louder , and now , static is all I get . Do not purchase this product .
 To sum it up , this monitor from The First Years is terrible ! I am a new mom and to NOT her my daughter is simply not an option . We used this montitor until she was 41/2 months old and all we heard was static . Not background noise static , but LOUD static ! It was if the monitor was n't even on ! I tried switching channels or locations , but nothing worked . I even went out and bought new batteries ; along with simply keeping all units plugged in . Nothing ... We could n't even hear her when she was crying ! We returned it and I reluctantly tried another First Years Product -LRB- The Everywhere Rechargeable 900 MGH -RRB- and so far I LOVE it ! It is the same price -LRB- $ 49 -RRB- The reception is UNBELIEVEABLE ! I can hear her BREATHING with the montitor about 6-12 inches away from her ! Today , I was doing laundry and I heard the dryer through the monitor ! I do n't know about you , but I would rather her that than nothing/static ! I did give this monitor 1 star b/c of the dual parent receivers . The one we just got only has 1 receiver , but I can just carry it upstairs and downstairs when needed . Please do not waste your money ... you will be sorry !!! -LRB- Just talked to a friend who is returning hers tomorrow !! -RRB- I hope this helps !
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! I registered for this monitor without researching it . Boy , did I learn my lesson ! This thing is constantly buzzing and cracking . We ca n't even use it at night anymore . My husband and I could n't get any sleep . When our cordless phone rings , the monitor goes berzerk . On certain days , all you can hear is loud static and interference - although there is a constant static all the time . It 's just louder some days than others . I would definitely not recommend this to anyone , at least not to anyone who actually want to get some sleep !
 I am not impressed with this monitor at all . There is constant static when the monitor is on . We live in NYC where it is very congested and the lines always intersect . I can always here my neighbors phone conversations . I dont recommend this monitor at all ... it 's a waste of money .
 I purchased this product thinking it was similar to the 900mhz Crisp and Clear that I had for three years , boy was I wrong . It 's full of static . It sounds like running water with the volume only turned up slightly . I ca n't believe some people would rate this product acceptable ! I guess it 's what you 're use to . I 'm returning this product and seeing if I can find the old version on ebay !
 This monitor is horrible . All I heard was static , so much that when my son was crying in the middle of the night I could not hear him . My husband and I gave it about a month and then we could n't stand the noise any longer . We took it back and got a much better one that was $ 20 less !!
 We received this as a shower gift . Unfortunately , it 's useless . Every few minutes the parent unit seems to `` lose touch '' with the child unit , treating us to an earful of loud static .
 This thing is AWFUL ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! It either spews white noise at you when the baby cries or just does n't pick up the baby . I called First Years and they were less than helpful . When I asked why all the static with this product vs my Fisher Price monitor that was over 2 years old ... the response ... `` Well this is better technology '' . I 'll take my older technology since it works better thank you.I returned the product to BRU without my box but with my reciept . They gave me a FULL refund . That 's more than I can say for First Years . They would only send me out another unit even tho I did not want another unit.I have since purchased another Fisher Price unit and am more than happy with it .
 My husband I decided to purchase this monitor because of the two parent units . All we hear is static . I called the company to complain . They replace the child unit and it still does not work . They tell me if you have 900 mhz phones , which we do not , these monitors will not work in your house . Now we are out $ 50.00 and will have to re-purchase another monitor that will work . I would STRONGLY advise against this monitor . Unless you want to hear static .
 I am returning this monitor today - wish I would have read the horrible reviews before I bought it . When I went to put the batteries in , it was an impossible task . The way the batteries are stacked in the back , my husband and I could n't get the 4 batteries in without breaking it . I could also hear my next door neighbor 's entire telephone conversation when I got in bed . Not worth the money .
 Hate it ! This monitor keeps us up all night with the crackles and popping . If you walk past it , it goes crazy with static . If you set anything near it , like a glass of water , more static . We 're tired of fighting it so we 're replacing it with something better . Do n't buy this monitor !!
 Do not buy this monitor ! I have exchanged ours twice and I am still having problems . It seems to have interference problems with the weather , cell phones , and much much more ! I am on a quest to find a better monitor and it seems if price does not mean quality . Sometimes this monitor will go off with static and crackling for no apparent reason . If you unplug it and plug it back in it will reset itself . This is not my idea of fun and I do not enjoy doing this in the middle of the night !
 We thought we were paying for a good monitor , but have had problems with regular static , clicking at odd times , and a loud continual noise when the phone rings or when you place a call . Other than that , you can hear every movement and breath the baby takes . I have read reviews on other brands found customers who bought less expensive monitors that work without these problems . As a mother who is trying to get some sleep while keep an ear out for your child the last thing I want to do is battle the monitor to find the `` right '' position for it to function properly.I am trading ours in .
 I bought this because it had two monitors and I have been happy with the other products by The First Years . We tried it out and it was terrible , I ended up returning it to the store and buying the Sony 27 Channel single monitor -LRB- I figured that I would rather have one that works great than two that will frustrate me -RRB- . ...
 This is waste of money . There is so much static and interfernce that if you were to use this at night you would not get any sleep !
 All I hear is static ! It 's enough to drive you crazy . . the static only breaks up when baby makes a noise . On top of this , it picks up moniters from around the neighborhood . This devise was useless to us as a moniter but made a good white noise generator .
 This monitor constantly has static come in and out , enough to drive you crazy , especially when you are sleeping and have to get up and check your sleeping baby . We had to continuously move it to different locations areound the room until finally I returned it and purchased a different set .
 It took us about 5 minutes to determine that this monitor was a piece of garbage . All you hear is static !
 We purchased this monitor for my sister-in-law and she has been fighting with it every since . The static is terrible , there are no other sounds , JUST STATIC !!! Now we have to go through the trouble of trying to return it and get her another one that will actually give her `` peace of mind . ''
 This was the worst monitor I have tried so far . When we had our daughter , 2 years ago , I received a Graco monitor . That monitor worked well , for about a year . Then , like so many monitors , it just stopped working . When I recently replaced it with this monitor , I wished I had the Graco back , -LRB- and I did n't think I would EVER say that -RRB- ! For the first week it worked without much incident , but then ... look out ! The static was awful , and it would emit beeps or static for seemingly no reason . I would not recommend anyone ever buy this product !
 When my husband and I first got this monitor we thought it was great especially since it came with two receivers . For about the first week it work ok only having static every now and then for a second . Then the next week when I had to go back to work everytime I turned it on the stupid thing would have nothing but VERY LOUD static . There was no way you could hear our son . So I could n't sleep it was the worst thing . DO NOT BUY THIS . I should have read the reviews .
 I received this monitor as a gift and was very disappointed . For the price you would think its the best . The clarity is good you can hear everything that goes on in the room but When the batteries get a little weak and you walk by the monitor it is loud static that travels into the babies room and woke her up on several occassions . Even plugged in it made a loud static noise when the electric went off for 2 seconds which again woke my daughter up . I finally packed the thing away and bought the safety first safe glow 2 receiver monitor . So far so good . Do not buy that product , it doesnt give you peace of mind .
 I wish I had checked the reviews before I registered for this monitor . The popping and cracking are SO irritating that most of the time I just turn it off . DO N'T BUY THIS MONITOR !
 We bought this monitor based on a suggestion from another parent . Out of the two available channels , one had so much static that it was n't usable . The other has some static problems , but not so much that I ca n't use it during the day . This monitor is NOT for nighttime use because of the static problems , and is not good for any more than short distances . Best works at a distance -LRB- base to receiver -RRB- of about 15 feet . If you have a large house or want to take it outdoors , count on lots of static . We 're going to buy a different one , and read the reviews this time .
 If I could have given this 0 stars I would have ... So , I recieved this gift for a shower and I thought , well I better check it out online before I open it ... the reviews were n't as bad as I thought , so I opened it , and tried it out before baby came ... no static . I thought maybe this static thing only applies to others until I started using it more frequently after baby was born . It is worthless . I ca n't even take a shower without it going static on me , plus then you ca n't hear if baby is crying so it is worthless . I wish I would have listened to the other smart parents who wrote earlier reviews . Return this as soon as you can and purchase one with bigger indicator lights for when the baby is crying - that way you can see their sounds but not have to hear them .
 Although the monitors let me hear the tiniest sound my baby makes , there is CONSTANT background noise . No matter where I place the receiver , we hear a light click about every 5 seconds . Then there are frequent light bursts of static for a few seconds . And LOUD bursts of static that act like an alarm clock . I would not recommend these monitors - it is very hard to sleep with all the noise .
 No matter where we plugged the unit in , or which channel we used , all we get is static . We also could hear a faint conversation from a neighbor 's house . This product is worthless ! Save your $ 50 bucks !
 I read some of the reviews of this product when I put it on my baby registry , but I did n't listen to the negatives . I wish I had ! The static on this monitor is horrible , changing channels does n't work . It makes this loud popping static sound , that freaks you out when you are dead asleep . Sometimes the static does n't stop , it 's just a constant sound . I ca n't hear my baby over the static . Just when you think you find the sweet spot for a location , you turn over in bed and it starts all over again!It is nice because it 's portable . We can hot tub in our back yard while our baby sleeps in her room . Other than that , do n't waste your time.I will be researching and finding a new monitor . I 'm sorry I did n't listen to the previous posts !
 I bought the Peace of Mind . What a joke ! The infernal beeping every 30 seconds will make you insane . The clarity is good however but the beeping prevented me from sleeping . I thought maybe it was because it was plugged into the wall . I put batteries in and still it beeped . I 've decided to trash it and bought the Safe Glow Monitors . Peace of Mind is a waste of money !!
 This monitor did not work for us . It let out a loud click about every 20 seconds or so and then about once an hour it would start giving out static for about a minute for no reason . This monitor kept us from sleeping and we had to go exchange it . NO GOOD !
 I am a first time mom and I thought this would give me piece of mind and allow me to sleep better when my baby is in her room but I was very wrong !!! The static is constant throughout the night , although , other reviews state to plug in it and the static is better , that is not the case with mine . There is a constant popping sound every few seconds that is very annoying . I wish I had read the reviews before I bought it.Keep looking if you want to rest at night !!!!
 Not only does the static get so load that it wakes up us and the baby but it intercepts my neighbors phone calls !! I would return this monitor immediately if you get it as a gift !!
 Believe all the bad reviews . We registered for this piece of junk without reading the reviews . We used the monitor for only 2 nights before returning it . My son would finally get to sleep , but then the stupid monitor would wake me up !! Besides the constant buzzing sound , it made a loud pop every 5-10 seconds . I think Babies R Us knows this is a bad product because they did n't fight me at all on the return . DO NOT BUY !!
 Do n't waste your money with this monitor . We selected it because of its wo receiver and battery/take along features . However , within four months one of the receivers stopped working off the battery and then completely broke a couple of months later . The other receiver 's battery feature also stopped working . Giving us only one receiver that did not function properly .
 This Monitor can be described in one word-Horrible . My Husband and I would awaken in the middle of the night to this wretched static noise . Our baby slept through the night since day one ... it was the monitor that kept us up . I finally gave up on it when she was 4 weeks old and got the sound and lights with dual receivers ... it 's been about 16 weeks since we got it and we have never had one problem with it . This monitor is not worth the money .
 This monitor is truly garbage . Look at all the reviews and the verdict on this unit is
 I registered for this monitor without doing any research . I recieved for a shower gift and used it . From the beginning , it had a lot of static . I just figured that it was normal . After about 9 monhts it quit working completly . I returned it and tried another one which was also had a lot a stict . So I decided to try one more . I had an old Graco one that I had bought at a second had store and thought I would try the newer one like it . I have had it for about 11/2 years and LOVE IT . It is so clear and nice . I recommend it to anyone looking for good monitor . It is a three peace set , and it was not very expensive .
 This has got to be one of the WORST products I have ever seen ! I mean , how difficult is it to make a transmitter and a receiver that communicate reliably ?? I tried setting the Child unit up within a clear line of sight , no more than 15 FEET AWAY from the PArent unit , and they still could n't maintain an open channel !! The `` clear moments '' were few and faaaar between , most of the time the STATIC was CONSTANT - even when the volume was on its lowest setting!With the volume on low , we ca n't hear our daughter crying and have to wait for her to go `` nuclear '' before we can hear it . I ca n't even use these wasteproducts as bookends or boat anchors , so they GO STRAIGHT IN THE GARBAGE.Don ' t buy this !
 This monitor may be peace of mind for the baby sleeping but not for the parents . The parent 's monitors makes a continuous crackling noise and picks up a lot of interference because of the 900mhz . On several occasions it has picked up someone elses phone conversation . The constant noise drives me crazy and it only has two channels to switch back and forth from and I find that one channel is worse than the other.I am taking this back for one that will give me peace of mind .
 If we only knew when we registered how terrible this monitor is we would have never received one as a baby gift . Unfortunately I threw away the box and never did get a gift reciept so I never tried taking it back . What a waste of good money . The static is horrible . We also had the really loud and constant clicking that the other reviews complained about too . The last thing new parents -LRB- or parent -RRB- needs is a monitor that grinds on the last sleep deprived nerve in your body . Interestingly , months after we bought a new set -LRB- a Graco which we love -RRB- a friend of mine was returning her monitor set which was a different monitor by the same company . I 'll never buy anything by this company again !! Do n't waste your money .
 The monitor worked great for 6 months ... then the static began . I would be outside with the receiver and her nothing but static , only to go back in to check on my daughter and she would be crying ... yet all I heard on the receiver was static . But it was only when I was outside . We then started hearing clicking sounds all night . I am a light sleeper anyway and found it impossible it sleep . I receatly picked up my neighbors phone conversation as well . This is a horrible product ! Dont waste your money . I am off to the store tomorrow to find another monitor .
 Well , I agree with the other reviews written & agree I should have read them BEFORE registering for this monitor . While we are tryng to provide a calm , peaceful setting for our two month old to fall asleep in , this monitor gives off such loud , obnoxious static noises that it startles ME , nevermind my little one !!!!! Time to research & find a better monitor !!
 This has got to be the worst moniter BabiesRus has to offer . The first night I used this it worked fine . Then the next night I was attempting to sleep and the monitor went all to static . Not only could i not sleepp through all the noise but even as loud as my son Gabon is I could not hear him through the static .
 I have tried severl rooms , plugs , positions etc. and all I get is static . I have written the manufacturer and they never responded . They just want your money . Every tiny noise in the house sets this monitor off . There is so much static that I could n't hear the baby cry ! I bought another brand -LRB- Sony -RRB- and it works great . I will never buy another product by First Years !
 Had this product for a while and were very dissatisfied . The only thing you can hear is static . We got now Greco and very happy .
 This is the second monitor we purchased . I was told this was the best one out there -LRB- by friends -RRB- and boy were they wrong . First of all , it clicks constantly and when it 's not clicking the static takes its place . Each receiver takes 4 AA batteries and they do n't last long at all . It works terrible in any kind of storm . We are taking this back . Buy the Sony one ! Same price !
 We live in a high rise condo building . When we tested this monitor , I could n't imagine how it could have performed any worse . The static was rediculous until the unit was within 11 feet of the base . Even at that distance you could hear more without the monitor .
 Static Static and more Static . This should be taken off the market . They are useless ...
 I gave this one star because you need to put something but I would give it NO STARS !! We picked this receiver out and absolutely cant stand it !!!! It has constant static . We did not have it with batteries but used the adapter so I dont now if batteries would have made a difference ! When we were trying to sleep at night it drove us NUTS ! After a couple days of use we put it in the closet and opened a cheaper one that had been given to us and it is soooo much better . Save your money and get one that is simple ! We have found the ones that dont have any lights on it are more quiet and dont pick up any static !
 I gave this one star because you need to put something but I would give it NO STARS !! We picked this receiver out and absolutely cant stand it !!!! It has constant static . We did not have it with batteries but used the adapter so I dont now if batteries would have made a difference ! When we were trying to sleep at night it drove us NUTS ! After a couple days of use we put it in the closet and opened a cheaper one that had been given to us and it is soooo much better . Save your money and get one that is simple ! We have found the ones that dont have any lights on it are more quiet and dont pick up any static !
 We hate this monitor . You ca n't hear the baby for the traffic picking up on it . I wish we had known that prior to spending so much money on this item .
 I agree with everyone else , THIS MONITOR IS HORRIBLE . It sends out a LOUD CRACKLE every minute for no reason .
 believe everyone when they say static . All of the sudden a very annoying static noise will come , to the point that you can not even hear if your baby is crying . It is bad enough that you are awakened every few hours during the night for feedings , but to be wakened to the sound of static . I will be returning this priduct as soon as I can move about .
 after purchasing the product , I read the reviews . Boy were these people right about the clicking sound . I am returning this monitor tomorrow . The clicking sound is unbearable . Do not purchase this monitor . The constant care 3000 is much better !
 There is so much static with this monitor and I can hear my neighbors phone conversations rather than my baby . I will be taking it back to get another one as soon as possible . The static not only makes it impossible to hear your baby , it is so loud it will wake you up during the night .
 Wow ... I did not do my homework on this product . I figured since it was a higher priced monitor , it would be one of the higher quality monitors . WRONG . I am not a review writer but I was so unhappy with these monitors . They are something that you need from day one when baby comes home , and there is a lot a stress created when they do n't work correctly . Tons of static and interference to the point where my husband wanted me to turn it off and just check on the baby ... well , most moms would agree that is a not an acceptable solution . Anyway , do yourself a favor , do n't use these monitors . Whichever ones you do purchase ... test them out for a day or two before the baby comes , because the last thing you want to be doing when baby comes home is worrying about replacing your monitors .
 I read all the reviews on this model and thought I would give it a chance . Its performance has been horrible . The popping static is never ending , especially if there is any electrical devices between the baby and myself . This rules out using it in the kitchen , the living room and especially anywhere near the washing machine . In addition , use outside is equally as bad - we are on a clear open ranch . Its range does not even come close to what it claims and the static contiues outside where there are virtually no other electonic devies being used . The only time it works effectively I find my ears work almost as well .
 Maybe I am using this thing incorrectly , but all I hear is static ! I have the units turned down to the lowest possible setting , and it 's all static . There is no way I would want that sitting by my bed .
 I purchased this because of the two parent units . However I never read the reviews here to find out that , even though you have two units you also have twice as much static!If your baby is fast asleep at night , no one will get any sleep because of the static that happens every 30 seconds over each unit.Depending on where the main unit is placed in the baby 's room or anywhere in the house will increase or decrease the frequency of the static . Would n't you just want to place it near the baby and not have to worry about which way it is turned to avoid the static ? It will take too much time to figure that out.Also , there are many things in your house that will interfere with the monitors : Fluorescent lightsMotors from normal household objects like Dishwashers , furnace , air conditioner , dryer , washing machine etc.Save your money and purchase another product that will give you peace of mind . This one will just keep you up at night and give you a headache .
 Like a lot of the other reviewers , I received this monitor as a gift . I 've dealt with the headache for the three weeks that our baby has been home , but I 'm going out today to buy another one that WORKS ! I would say that it only worked without horrible static about 5-10 % of the time . Everything interferes with it - I heard our neighbors ' cordless phone conversations more often than I heard our baby ! Most of the time , though , it just emits a horribly loud , continuous static . Obviously this is a problem with this product - I wish First Years would either fix the problem or take it off the market . Bottom line
 I could n't see how you could get a worse baby monitor than this . Ours continually has problems with static and noise , and routinely picks up phone conversations from other houses in our area . Just last night , while the monitor was on , instead of waking up to my baby crying , I woke up to the sounds of a phone number being punch in and then the ringing you hear when calling someone.When our baby starts crying , the monitor instantly goes to static , like we have it turned up too loud . Well , I turned it down as far as it would go , and it still does it ! Both units are plugged in , not on battery power.I 'm sick and tired of this hunk of junk product . I would avoid this product ! If you 're still interested in getting this product , you can dig it out of my garbage . : -RRB-
 Unfortunately we did not read the reviews before buying this monitor and simply fell into the `` Its more expensive so it must be a better monitor trap '' . Simply put , this baby monitor can not be used for its intended purpose . It sounds more like a geiger counter than a baby monitor . The static is so bad no matter where the parent unit is placed that you would be better off just shutting the unit off and listening normally.One buys this product to allow freedom of movement for the parents . A monitor should allow you piece of mind that although you may be in another room of your house , you can still hear your baby while he or she is asleep.Even though nearly every review on this board has shown this product to be defective , BabiesRUs continues to sell it without disclaimer . This entire line of monitors should be removed from shelves and returned to the manufactor for repair and sold monitors should be recalled . ** Do not buy this monitor !! **
 I only selected 1 star because it does n't have a selection for 0 . This is the WORST baby monitor ever . I am so sorry I did n't read these reviews earlier . The static will drive you insane ! I used it for the first time last night , and after about 15 minutes I thought my husband was going to throw it out the window . The only way the static would go away is if I shut it off . I will be going to the store today to purchase a different one . If you have already purchased this item do yourself a favor and do n't lose sleep ... return it !
 My monitors do screech now and then , but for the most part , they do their job . I can actually turn the thing up and hear my baby breathing -LRB- loudly -RRB- which is really cool , since it keeps me from getting out of the bed in the night to check on him . It 's not really something I would have bought . I do a lot of investigating -LRB- usually -RRB- before I buy , and I would have been turned off by these reviews . My mother-in-law bought it right after she found out we were pregnant . Sort of an impulse buy . I would take them back if I did n't think it would hurt her feelings . Besides , what 's a little screeching anyways ? We all need to be on our toes ... we 're parents now .
 Do not buy this product it stopped working after a week it has electrical problems .
 This was the biggest waste of money . I will not buy another First Years product again . I opted for the more expensive product over some of the cheaper monitors on the market . After setting the monitors up all I could hear was static and clicking noises no matter what channel I had it on . Do NOT WASTE your hard earned money on this piece of garbage !
 I am a first time mom and registered for this monitor before reading the reviews . I liked the thought of having dual monitors . I still gave the benefit of the doubt and tested the monitors before our baby arrived in just a few weeks . Thank goodness we did . One of the parent monitors was broken . We even switched outlets and batteries to find out what the problem could be . But had no luck . Being 38 weeks pregnant and exhausted , the last thing I want to do is return this product in exchange for another brand . My suggestion to all the parents is to do the research before purchasing or registering .
 This monitor is terrible . The snapping and constant popping make it a waste of money . I would love to return it for a different model . I find myself turning it off because it is so annoying .
 When we opened the package the pad had a toxic-like odor . We left it out in the room for a couple of days and the odor did n't go away . We are n't going to expose our baby to odors , even if the product states that it is made from non-toxic materials . It was n't very expensive so it 's not the time and trouble to send it back . I regret not coughing up -LSB- ... -RSB- for the organic pad .
 It 's soft and comfortable , but it got torn open after using for just four months . I used it by the sink and the filling started to grow fungus.I guess the lack of durability is due to its soft but very thin outer material . It also stain like what a previous user said . I guess previous users who rate this product highly probably use covers to protect it !??? -LRB- Note
 Bought this and had it shipped especially from the States to the UK because it looked better than what I could find here . It is nice and long and the sides do make it difficult , not impossible , for a baby to roll . But the plastic cover cracked and split before I 'd had it very long . Even with the towel cover , there is still a possibility that pee can get through and soaked up in the sponge underneath , making it smell of urine .
 I was surprised at the many favorable reviews of this product . As I was reading I realized that many of the other people noticed the same problems I had but did n't find them as troublesome as I did.The comfort of the pad is great . However , it does stain quite easily . It is easy to clean , but the stain remains . The main problem I had was that the material rips very easily . The pad ripped before my son turned 1 . I would prefer a better made product that would make it through my son 's infancy .
 This was a gift from my amazon registry and was too big for my changing table , which would be fine if I could return it and get another one , but this vendor does not put any kind of shipping papers with order numbers or who even bought it for me . I had to call around to my friends to see who got it for me , then call amazon to try to retrieve the order number that you have to have to return it . I talked to a very annoying man who kept telling me that there was a packing slip with an order number and I told him about 12 times there was n't anything inside the box but the gift . So he gave me this vendor 's number because it is out of Amazon 's hands , so I called them and they do not answer and do not return phone calls . I am still trying to return it within the 30 day period to avoid a restocking fee and a 60 day period to which I would n't be able to return it at all . This review is not so much bad about the changing pad but more so about how annoying it is if you need to return it . MAKE SURE IT WILL FIT YOUR CHANGING TABLE .
 I ordered this product to have in place for my baby shower , They never even sent me the product at all . I ordered it three weeks in advance and no one bother to even call me , I had to request a refund and order from another company . Never Again !!!
 I ordered this product on 5/30 and two weeks later , it still has not shipped . I contacted Baby Age and in all fairness to them , they have wonderful customer service . The issue seemed to be with the manufacturer , Basic Comfort . Baby Age re-entered the order for me twice with no response from Basic Comfort . Baby Age just cancelled the order for me . I 'm very disappointed , but again , I do n't blame Baby Age at all ; they were great !
 I 'm not remarkably picky about these things and we were happy to get this changing pad at such a great price with lots of colored liners to choose from . However , it rips up almost immediately . This may not seem like a big deal - it wo n't bother the baby if you have a liner on it . Then you realize every time the baby wets the mattress it is soaking into the foam core where you can not clean it ! Next thing you know you have a forever pee-soaked foam thing sitting on the dresser . Yuck . I hate to spend more money on a different one , but we 're having our second baby and may have to upgrade .
 My son was born early so my husband had to run out and get this pump for me while I was in the hospital . It was horrible . It was not comfortable at all . I know it 's not supposed to be the most pleasant experience but this was ridiculous . Even the nurses in the hospital told me that it was a horrible pump . Save your money and rent a Mastella -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- .
 Honestly I bought this as a back up pump to use for emergencies and I hate it ! It is the worst pump I have ever used ! You would be better off getting a manual pump . It took me about 45 minutes to pump 3 oz . I would honestly not recommend this pump to anyone . I think they are a great company and I LOVE their bottles but this pump is horrible . There is a reason why it it $ 27 , instead of the $ 100 + they originally valued it at !!
 I received this breast pump as a gift , and I wish I had returned it to the store . I used it for nipple stimulation while I was pregnant -LRB- to bring on contractions -RRB- , and it worked for that , but the first time I pumped after my milk came in , this thing completely broke ! The flap did n't open , which caused milk to be sucked into the motor . Now , the motor runs , but there is no suction ! I 'll be going to get a manual pump instead .
 Got this pump for my first pregnancy . Worst product out there . It was very uncomfortable and hurt and began to not work when I became engorged . Best thing I did was rent a Medela Lactina SelectMedela Lactina Select Hospital Grade Breast Pump - BPA Free # 016SC01 , and bought a double pumping kit , Lactina Double Pump - System Kit ONLYwhich you can get from the hospital . Works wonders an is incredibly comfortable .
 despite not pumping on any kind of regular basis , this pump burned out on me within a month . i got about 10 uses out of it before the motor burned out . do n't bother to buy it ...
 Do n't buy this pump , I recently bought this pump and had absolutely no suction , it was a waste of money -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- , I would rather pay $ 20 more and go for the Medela electric pump for $ 65 .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this pump . It worked fine for a month then the motor burned out . I called the manufacturer and I am still waiting for a replacement . Spend the extra money and buy a Medela . It was not worth the savings .
 I had been using an Avent manual pump for nine months when I decided to go the `` electric '' route to save time . This pump sent me right back to the Avent . It took me an hour to obtain 5 ounces of breastmilk -LRB- With the Avent , I was able to pump 10 ounces in 30 minutes -RRB- . Although you can control the amount of suction used , you can not control the speed of the `` suckling '' and the massage action of this pump is minimal compared to the Avent . This one is also a little hard on the nipple .
 I bought this pump because of the price and thinking a battery/electric pump would be great for me seeing that I am a working mother . It started out great I was getting the milk out quick and easy , but after using it for only a month it went bad . The pump always got clogged and I had to stop pumping release my breast from the pump and twist the bottle in order for the milk to go into the bottle . When I opened the motor milk had rotted in the pump resulting in the motor breaking . I now have a manual one and I wish I never bought this pump because a manual one in 100 times better .
 I absolutely hate this pump ! I went through 3 of these because I was n't able to get my money back and could only exchange . The motor broke twice and one time it suctioned in and never released . Instead of exchanging it for a fourth time , I just threw the whole thing out . The part that attaches to the motor/handle and the piece that allows milk through are impossible to clean . Eventually , on all 3 that I went through , the milk builds up in the piece that attaches to the bottle -LRB- only takes a few pumps to fill this up -RRB- and you have to break suction for it to filter through . It continues to do this for as long as you 're pumping . If you do n't realize that the milk has n't gone through , the built up milk gets into the motor/handle and leaks out through the suction power control . The massage bubbles on the cup are uncomfortable and only irritate your breasts . The suction dies down almost immediately making pumping take so much longer . This pump is such a waste of money . Buyer beware !
 I have to agree with those who say it is good for occasional use only . I first experienced problems with the pain I felt from the sheild , the bumps are left embedded on your breasts . But even that was n't the worst . After only a few uses it began to clog in the small compartment and overflow , unless the suction was broken to release . Which causes the process to take longer . I am now back to work and am looking for a more agreeable pump .
